Practice: Southbrook Surgery
Canonical code: P82009001
Postcode: BL3 2DN
Google Maps title: Southbrook Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 12
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Southbrook+Surgery/@53.5609787,-2.4270288,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ba64a09a1c34b:0x19ac1161ad5d314f!8m2!3d53.5609787!4d-2.4270288!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdkrbnl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Sandra Shaker
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am writing in recognition of what Vicky Stuttard has done. I have visited the surgery more than once for a blood test, but the previous nurse could not get it done due to my very weak veins. Vicky Stuttard managed to take off the blood from the first attempt and did not cause any pain. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I am also writing in recognition of what Dr Magid is always doing. Dr Magid is: professional. knowledgeable. courteous. friendly. Dr Magid delivers a good image to Southbrook Surgery. Thanks doctor.... You are fantastic! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I am also writing in recognition of what Dr Fatima has done. During my visit dated 17.01.2026 I have been visited by Dr Fatima who has been professional and reliable. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 I also writing in recognition of what the receptionist is always doing, she always welcomes all patients with a lovely smile. 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍 Dear employees of Southbrook Surgery, you all deliver a good image to the clinic and to the NHS. Thanks.

Author: ROB Birtles
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is not fit for purpose. Staff and GP,s attitude is rank . And when a family member trys to speak up the GP refuses to listen . They do not listen to the patients or representatives and terminate conversations mid flow if you dare to disagree or question them .

Author: Danielle Unsworth 2017
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr ghaie is rude and doesn’t bother to do her research when filling out forms such as the DVLA or even informing patients if they have heart or kidney disease. Dr ghaie placed my mum on medication without checking if it’s appropriate, she ended up in hospital and nearly died!!! She refuses to listen to what the problem is, do anything to help her patients and doesn’t know the difference between a heart blockage and a heart problem on top of that. Dr ghaie tried talking down and over my mum when she asked the gp why they haven’t made her aware of this issue and said they were the same same issue and it’s not we know it’s 2 different diagnosis and we asked the people taking an ecg and a specialist overheard me and came in and said they’re definitely 2 different problems not like dr ghaie was talking over my mum and saying they’re the same thing 🤦🏼‍♀️ so dr ghaie doesn’t even know what she’s doing and if she doesn’t like what she hears then she’s packing you off to the next GP regardless. Very negligent. The receptionists decide now whether a patient needs help or not so you can’t get an appointment because they’re not medically trained so when they don’t know what to do they are just saying fill in the online consult form and argue with you. My mum has now left this doctors due to the amount of negligence and obviously they nearly killed her. Sadly she’s not the only person to know that this situation has happened to it’s hard and garnet fold practice is the same doctors so they’re just as dangerous.

Author: Scott Tillott
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Scott Tillotta year ago

Author: Kerry Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great practice, Drs are brilliant with my son

Author: Gillian Hall
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I went to this surgery for an emergency appointment. The doctor Dr Meraji i think his name was was really nice and helpful. Diagnosed immediately and sent me to a and e. Thank you doctor could of been so much worse.

Author: N C (Lioness)
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Varker is a very pleasant doctor who explains everything thoroughly so that the patient understand. The nurse Ruth was outstanding, she put me at ease instantly. Ruth was also very thorough.

Author: Leon Faulkner
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cause it saved my life

Author: Yasir Khan
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Yasir Khan3 reviews · 1 photo6 years ago

Author: Firojabanu Patel
Date: 7 years ago
Rating: 1 star
They never give a doctor's appointment when you need one and they keep saving money by stopping essential medication for my Dialysis even though my previous GP was happy to provide those medications and have stopped my heartburn medication which is on repeat without notifying me - absolutely terrible especially when you need them most.
