Practice: St Helens Road Practice
Canonical code: P82009
Postcode: BL3 3RR
Google Maps title: St Helens Road Practice BL3 3RR
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Garnet+Fold+Practice/@53.5595878,-2.4624774,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sSt+Helens+Road+Practice+BL3+3RR!3m8!1s0x487ba7eab647189d:0xc6a2faab0268f290!8m2!3d53.5595878!4d-2.4577138!9m1!1b1!15sCh9TdCBIZWxlbnMgUm9hZCBQcmFjdGljZSBCTDMgM1JSkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F11bzsx9cc1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: sarah brown
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
sarah brownEdited a week ago

Author: Peter Kearsley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience with the Doctors at garnet fold is not good they cannot get my thyroid levels right in over two years according to mr Akram I’m not giving it time for the medication to work I’ve had about 8 or 9 blood test up or down not one have come normal I’m having to got private for the test I really need endocrinology I’ve should have been referred months ago the issues I’ve had have awful suicidal thoughts out of breath feeling such wrenching mood swings I’m not well

Author: Ellis Birtles
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient at this practice for over 10 years and unfortunately the quality of care has declined significantly. I have been suffering with rectal bleeding and recurrent abscesses for several years, and despite repeatedly asking for further investigation, I have consistently been dismissed. Last week I attended the surgery with heavy rectal bleeding. The doctor would not make eye contact, did not offer a chaperone before asking me to lie on the bed with my underwear down, and carried out no proper examination such as pressing on my abdomen. When I tried to explain my symptoms, I was told to leave the room for being “rude”, even though I was in distress. No help was given, and I was simply told to book another appointment six days later. Because of this, I contacted 111 who sent me to the hospital within an hour due to the seriousness of my symptoms. This is not the first time I’ve had to go through 111 or A&E because the practice would not help. Over the years, my abscesses have repeatedly been dismissed as “boils” and I have only been given mild antibiotics. I have now finally seen a dermatologist who believes my symptoms may be linked to inflammatory bowel disease, something I have been worried about for years but the practice refused to investigate. The reception staff often come across rushed and unfriendly, and I leave most interactions feeling patronised and unheard. Even when I raised my concerns with the practice manager, I felt dismissed again. All I want is to be listened to and to receive proper care. After years of pain, worry, and being ignored, I can no longer trust this practice with my health.

Author: Talib Issa
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Amazing how many calls, texts, emails I get for a stupid flu jab. But for my blood test results I have to phone in they dont call you. My results, I need to speak to the doctor but they cant make appointment I have to fill an online form and they will then call me eventually, but for flu jab, I will get appointment straight away. amazing...

Author: christopher brooks
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
According to the broadcast and print media the NHS is creaking . Well nobody told this fantastic GP practice ! From reception answering the phone to the great team of doctors nurses and health care assistants who have helped me a number of different physical and mental health challenges no words can do justice to the care and support that I have received . I only gave 5 stars because I can’t give 6

Author: Jean Cummings
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jean Cummings3 reviewsEdited 5 months ago

Author: Zahra fatime Raza
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
It’s been always a good experience. Every time I get appointment on time and they are really helpful

Author: khalid karwa
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment this morning for for my sons blood test. This was carried out by Robert who was brilliant, polite and professional. Nice visit to the clinic, thanks.

Author: Muhammad Idrees
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
wonderful service by whole team, especially by Doctor Ikram.

Author: ellie d
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting practice. Rude and unhelpful staff. My boyfriend is asthmatic and struggles a lot with his breathing at the best of times, he is suffering with recurrent chest infections with some horrible side effects, today he was given a tele consult, may I add with some difficulty, to then be told by the DOCTOR he will have to call back tomorrow for a f2f appt. I work in a GP surgery myself and understand the reception staff do have to be lenient on what appts they are giving out I really do understand that, but to be told by a doctor in a consult there is nothing they can do over the phone and to call back tomorrow is disgusting. You do not leave an asthmatic patient to just deal with struggling to breathe and tell them to try another day, especially not during a tele consult!! I’ve never heard anything like this practice in my life, my boyfriend and his family have had nothing but difficulty from this practice right from the beginning with the rude reception staff through to the doctors. The list could go on with the things I have seen and heard, these people are putting their health in your hands and you are not doing your job!! I would not recommend this practice, and would suggest going elsewhere!
