Practice: Peel GPs
Canonical code: P83021
Postcode: BL9 0SN
Google Maps title: Peel GPs
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 101
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Peel+GPs/@53.5902133,-2.298953,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487ba4dea48eab3d:0x230f0c93685fc58b!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ba4de0a0171f9:0xc6e6982c74328a28!8m2!3d53.5902133!4d-2.298953!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfm6626?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: arno Neparts
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I was denied treatment number of times.Even more-one of their so called GP's endangered my life by refusing to prescribe medication which I was initiated abroad (all paperwork providing this was presented by me in english)and if stopped abruptly it would 100% trigger life threatening emergency.Every doctor knows that.And her answer was-i did not initiated your treatment and this is not my problem. So what we got there-this establishment employs doctors who do not follow Hippocratic oath and just do not care about their patients.They even endanger their lives(my case),Also it is impossible to get face to face appointment here.They only offer phone appointments.I was not seen face to face for many years when i eas living there.And what made me really angry-this practice like all others are run privately and paid by NHS.This is their working model in UK.Taxpayers money are going to fund these so calked doctors who dont care.And a lot of money.Way too much for what they do ir rather do not do. I have been living in many EU countries but such an bad ,I will dare to say near non existing primary care I have not seen.My advice-avoid this establishment. Look st their replys to unhappy customers-these are soulless standard phrases and i bet they did not lift a finger to improve anything.I will draw similarity to nearly collapsed non functioning structure-there is nothing to improve.It is to be to brought down so it do not harm others.A structure is just a comparison.Lets see whst these are going reply about my review.🤣🤣🤣

Author: Henny
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor service

Author: Martin Lee
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was given a telephone appointment for today Sunday 18th Jan, 12 - 2pm. Waited but no call.

Author: leon harlick
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
We’re sorry to see your rating and would like the opportunity to understand your experience. Please contact the surgery directly so we can address any concerns you may have.

Author: chloe willis
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless have an open womb from c section and they won’t even look at it. Just keep telling me to go to a&e wait for hours with a screaming newborn where both of us could catch anything disgusting - couldn’t be anymore unhelpful if they tried

Author: Ziks
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Thank you for your feedback. We’re sorry to see your rating and would welcome the opportunity to understand your experience better. Please contact the practice directly so we can discuss this and see how we can help.

Author: Suzanne Trulio
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling doctors service!!! If you can get past the badly trained receptionist you're lucky!!! If you can get an appointment you've won the lottery...failing that god help you

Author: XGN Phoenix
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never have any apointmemts same day. They have 6/7GP's on the roster seeing a person roughly every half hour for 8hrs a day. So theres plenty of apointments. But at 8:05am if you get through theres no apointments left? So they must have booked 70 apointments in 5 munutes?.....but if you contact 111 they can get you in?????? So there are apointments then? Or am i missing something. Been with peel since i was born and its constantly getting worse. Receptionists asking why i want to see my doctor, like, where's the doctor patient confidentiality gone? If they arent medically qualified then just book me a slot and ill tell my doctor whats up.....if i can ever get an apointment. And dont get me started on results.......you have bloods done and then your told to contact your GP, just for the Receptionist again, to tell you she will book you a phone consultation for 3weeks time. Its a joke and only getting worse by each passing year. Dr.Kavorski was the last decent doctor in there barring Drs jackson and jackson and she retired in the 90's.

Author: James Withers
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking, asked a simple question and just wanted some advice, the response from the receptionist was extremely rude, speaking to patients like this, there is now wonder they get a lot of bad feedback. I've been at peel GPS for 40 years. More fool me for remaining with them. Since COVID they have had a rapid decline in service.

Author: Saleeman Bagum
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Its been 3 week they never have any appointment available whenever you ring they will give you an appointment after 1 month when your extremely ill. You cant wait that long. Wouldn’t recommend this GP.
