Practice: Northenden Group Practice
Canonical code: P84012
Postcode: M22 4DH
Google Maps title: Northenden Group Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 152
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Northenden+Group+Practice/@53.4064506,-2.2643218,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bbbf32807e137:0x7384c47efba529e0!8m2!3d53.4064506!4d-2.2643218!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfjkph1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Maud Boyron
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I tried to book a GP appointment today for an issue that's lasted over 3 weeks and asked to have a physical assessment as I had to miss work this whole time and was worried it might be something serious. They messaged to go to the pharmacy instead. On the message, they mentioned an old symptom I had described but not my actual current symptoms, like it was A.I. generated and the A.I. had picked up on the wrong symptoms. When I went to the pharmacy, I was told they can't deal with my condition and to call the GP. Of course when I talked to the GP office, they had no appointments left for the day. They completely dismissed what I'd written on the form so now I can wait till Monday or wait in a walk in centre for hours. So much for getting some rest!

Author: Hannah Maher
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hannah Maher5 reviews3 months ago

Author: andy Davies
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute waste of time.

Author: ROB D V 7965
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Each time I have been to the surgery lately, - I have been attended to by a receptionist called Kathleen, .. who is so helpful,efficient,knowledgeable,and has such a lovely charming attitude and manner. She is superb at her job ,and provides a fantastic service. .. Plus , - when I phoned, - I was given a great service from Macheala, - who is also so helpful,efficient, has a lovely telephone manner,and carries out her job so well. .. Both are such a credit to the practice. .. I am very pleased and greatful. ..Thanks very much to them.

Author: D K
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP ever, horrible reception, very dishonest doctors and very unprofessional, mistreating patients and misleading them

Author: Georgia Edwards
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been at northenden group practice all my 30 years, my parents have been at northenden group practice for 60+ years , my grandparents on both sides was at northenden group practice and If I could leave 0 stars I would due to reception. I very rarely have to go to the doctors but from 2023 when my 6 year old daughter became very ill and was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes I’ve had to deal with mistake after mistake in every prescription. The slack attitude from the staff in reception makes caring for my child with a chronic illness 10x harder and I can not imagine how they talk and treat elderly patients if they are so careless and unprofessional with me regarding my 8 year old. The same issues are tedious and frustrating. Please get some training on professional people skills and simply knowing how to do your job so this doesn’t happen all throughout my child’s life.

Author: Rachel Jackson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My little sister had her smear test cancelled and have told her they won’t rearrange on the days she can do due work commitments. they then sent her appointments that are not in line with their opening hours…please make that make sense. She has a multitude of problems relating to her needing one. The standard for women’s health is abysmal. They have learnt nothing from Jade Goody’s cancer. Do not join this doctors if you are woman.

Author: Lillie Obrien
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lillie Obrien5 reviews · 1 photo10 months ago

Author: Elizabeth
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Can't get appointments... wait forever to get through then told up to capacity...

Author: Julie Day
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wanted to see a lady Doctor l saw Dr Williams she is the most outstanding amazing Doctor l think l have ever met in all my life . She is so caring so understanding so professional so patient . Dr Williams explained everything to me so that l understood. Then asked if l had any questions queries or concerns . I came out of my appointment feeling a whole lot better than before l went in . I would just like to say a massive thank you to Dr Williams. I do hope you stay here for ever. I wish their were more Doctors like Dr Williams in this world Thank you x
