Practice: Woodlands Medical Practice
Canonical code: P84672
Postcode: M23 9RL
Google Maps title: Woodlands Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 50
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodlands+Medical+Practice/@53.4068386,-2.3114552,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bacfe02deb389:0xf04b1f6cf101e06a!8m2!3d53.4068386!4d-2.3114552!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfl9621?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Jackie Louise
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Friendly drs.some staff lovely

Author: Aimee Joseph
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jackie is the best doctor receptionist I have ever seen. Very compassionate and its quick to get appointments. Everything can be done online which is a bonus!

Author: Aimee Joseph
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Easy registration and quick appointments. The receptionists are all very lovely and helpful.

Author: Rachel Harrop
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Rachel Harrop7 reviewsEdited 3 months ago

Author: Iain Whiteley
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception/admin staff are very approachable, friendly and helpful. Was repeatedly seen by Doctor Musgrave over the last month, nothing was too much trouble and was never made to feel anything but cared for. Sadly this Doctor has moved onto a different path in her career but other Doctors I've seen or had phone consultations with have all been friendly, understanding and sorted me out with either referrals, prescriptions or just advice on getting over things like the flu before Christmas. I can't recommend this practice enough.

Author: W Nadeem
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing services by skilled team. Thanks

Author: Muhammad Hussain
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had to seek help for bowel habit change. I was really worried about bowel cancer. GP dr Chishti was brilliant and got tests done for me promptly. I got results quickly and it put my mind at rest. I also attended for routine check up for diabetes test and cholesterol and received good service. Follow up calls were really helpful and it showed practice cared for me. Thank you to all staff. Will definitely recommend this surgery.

Author: iftikhar ahmed
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Chisti is one of the best GPs I have come across. Very professional, down to earth and approachable. He has rebuild his surgery on the same standards. Booking staff try their best to accommodate you as soon as they could and most importantly they are polite. Best GP surgery move for me and the family.

Author: Jonathan Knight
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Spoke to Fiona , the Irish woman who's the Practice MANAGER. Unbelievably rude and someone who seems to not want to go out of her way to help. She constantly talked over my voice and interrupted me , and spoke in a very argumentative and confrontational way......NOT how you would expect a manager in a front of house 'customer service' position to act. I was in hospital in August for an un-related injury , and got to know various staff members and their thoughts about work/NHS etc. I understand and appreciate their workload and resources, and i tip my hat to them. I have a long-standing back injury which is chronic pain every single day. It's badly affecting my life. I have explained this to Dr Chishti and to Fiona , and also emailed and written to surgeons and hospitals. Fiona said i couldn't get a second opinion , after an upsetting and negative letter from a back surgeon i spoke to. WHAT !!. SO NOW I HAVE TO ESCALATE THIS ALL THE WAY.....using my time to maybe contact my local MP , the M.O.D , and the Armed Forces Minister - as I was Medically Discharged and served my country proudly. The saving grace at this Practice is Rachel (and Elamine , who's unfortunately left). Rachel is friendly , has genuine empathy , and is really helpful. Someone who really does go the extra mile. If everyone was like her , the world would be a better place !!. Ok , rant over. Someone else's turn now !!.

Author: Nessin Bedryan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
RUN AWAY OF THIS PRACTICE! Receptionists never help, only raise tasks and after that no one responds. Misdirected, did not receive support as a GP. Did not help me with women heath, even DR does not know that there is emergency gynae unit at Wythenshawe and only it’s needed a call in order to send me on the next day, and it’s not been done 14.06.24. They only say go to A&E that is it. They type on the computer with no help after that. They don’t receive messages/information from hospitals which is confused my health. I had an operation they even ultrasound did not order. Not good practice.
