Practice: Silverdale Medical Practice
Canonical code: P87019
Postcode: M27 8HP
Google Maps title: Silverdale Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 102
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Silverdale+Medical+Practice/@53.5186918,-2.3315061,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487baf0d31099f21:0x8acdc2e60e6df5da!8m2!3d53.5186918!4d-2.3315061!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hqtrzsk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Mohanad Al Shaikh
Date: 14 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I Wanted to thank all the amazing people at Silverdale.

Author: Gaz W
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Lack of compassion. Lack of professionalism. Lack of empathy. Arrogance. Rudeness. Failing of DPA. Ignorance. This all starts at the reception area. The ladies normally treat their patients like dirt. Very unhelpful with a “tough*” kind of attitude. Every other practice seems to work fine and use common sense, not Silverdale. For some reason you can’t book an appt using the My GP app for Silverdale, but other practices... no problem. You can call after 9am at most practices and book an appt for a GP.... not Silverdale. The poor service then trickles down to the GPs. I feel rushed. I feel things are not explained clearly. I feel they are more interested in hitting targets than curing the sick. Of course it all depends on the GP. I feel some GPs don’t listen to your needs, ailments or feelings and make massive assumptions and with any reason can’t wait to fob you off to a physio or hospital. I have been visiting this practice ALL MY LIFE. It has declined steadily and then rapidly. So after ringing up to book an appt with my GP for a later date, I’ve now been told I need to ring at 8am tomorrow.... WHY??? What difference does it make? Not only was I told this, it’s the arrogance and unhelpful attitude from the jumped up receptionist that is making me seriously consider switch GP. I’d you’re not registered with a practice, don’t bother with this one. It’s very amateur from top to bottom and the care no longer exists towards patients. UPDATE: what a mess. They are changing their system now. I’m certain this joke of a practice is making it deliberately hard for patients to speak to someone or make an appt. They even send texts saying “you have an appt on 02/09 at 2pm, this could be a phone or face to face appt, please contact the surgery for clarification on which it is” - WHY NOT TELL US IN THE TEXT?!? My god, this surgery was better in the 80s before we had computers and apps. I don’t think I’ve seen my GP face to face for 5 years. Absolute joke. UPDATE: after being told Curtis the physio is off sick AGAIN, I was asked to call to rebook an appt. Rang up and said I can’t do the rest of today as going to work. The lady said the nurse will be informed and call me to make an alternate appt. I got the call “we have appointments free all day with a GP” she said, I explained that I’d already said I can’t do this. I did however say, I can make a u turn now and come and see you “oh, we are booked up till 10:30” - the lady literally just told me they had a full free day?!? I eventually settled on 12:30 the following day. My text comes through to say my appt is 4:30pm the following day?!? I’m now sat here at 5pm and still not been seen to. This practice is a farce. No doubt I will get the usual reply from the practice manager where she takes no accountability nor responsibility for how dreadful Silverdale has become.

Author: John
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with this practice for years it’s a mixed bag and a lot of the time it’s good but in this instance it’s bad. Currently have an infection, went in the other day test showed no infection but symptoms present. Tried to get another appointment for a doctor to call me and tell me I had to go elsewhere to be treated instead of any further tests or questions being asked. When I raised about treatment times of the other service and the infection complicating due to this I was told “just because it might take awhile to be treated doesn’t mean it’s not the right place to go” anyway if the infection does complicate or spread and I get sepsis or any other issues due to the GP refusing treatment against what it says on the NHS website I’ll be sure to file a claim for medical negligence.

Author: Chez Chadwick
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Turned up for an appointment for 3.30pm its now 16.20pm and my son has still not been seen seems to be common issue now doctors turning up late and waiting around forever.

Author: Ree []Ree0[]
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to get an appointment is like trying to draw blood from a stone ! When you do get lucky enough to actually get through on the phone to speak to someone about arranging an appointment the whole process is ridiculous. You'll receive a telephone call weeks! Later before you can even be seen.. I could understand we once was in a period of COVID but them days has passed long ago! So what is all the long waiting about ??? 10 years ago getting an appointment with a doctor was so much easier, now it's just so much frustrations and most of time in my experience I can never get through on the phone, I'm position number 1 in a qué but I'm still left to wait for over 10 minutes? Ludicrous! Will I ever get an appointment to be seen about certain things which are bothering me.. guess I'll have to relie on calling the NHS line and hopefully somebody can put me in the right direction because this medical practice is a constant strain to try and get any kind of appointment. Looking to find another practice where you can actually get an appointment to be seen by a doctor! Not answering questions on a phone call or use text messaging back n forth.b

Author: Mark Cook
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot thank Dr. Tang enough for his persistence in securing a CT scan for my father today. He made over five calls this morning to ensure the scan was scheduled for 3 PM this afternoon. This was crucial, as delaying the scan could have had significant consequences. Thank you, Dr. Tang!

Author: martin Lawrence
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you for your 5 star review

Author: Ornrea Lansle
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Possibly the worst doctors I’ve ever been and I’ve lived all over the country so had many doctors the reception staff are rude I feel like they need to have serious think if they really want to do the job the do everytime I ring I just get spoke to and treated like a piece of dirt on the bottom of there shoe it’s always too busy to fit you in but have about 30 rooms WASTE OF SPACE THE LOT OF EM

Author: Carlene Holton
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great medical practice, the duty of care is brilliant across the board from reception staff to GP's I am very happy I am a registered patient here. Thank you :)

Author: Clare Carpenter
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been with the practice for 48 years. I find it really easy to use the online system and I always get a call or text once I’ve submitted my request. The staff are lovely never had any issues
