Practice: The Sides Medical Practice
Canonical code: P87016
Postcode: M27 0EW
Google Maps title: The Sides Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.5
Google review count: 285
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Sides+Medical+Centre/@53.5048064,-2.3543905,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487baf24f281ea33:0xd5fb08d2147358b6!8m2!3d53.5048064!4d-2.3543905!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thk88_c?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Barbara Evans
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dear Barbara Evans, Thank you for your 5 star feedback! We are pleased to see that you have had a positive experience with The Sides Medical Centre.

Author: Maureen Noble (Moe)
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tu update: I have had the good fortune to be seen by Dr Gemma Phillips today.at the practice. After 16 very difficult hours dealing with an Afib episode and some bad advice from Salford Roysl Hospital she was genuinely warm, open, understanding and super helpful. She is a credit to her profession and the practice is very fortunate to have her! Thank you Dr Phillips! Really impressed with this practice. I’ve had a difficult couple of years health-wise and everyone i’ve had contact with has been superb - caring, kind, efficient and providing high quality care. Thank you to everyone in the practice! It really does make a difference to be looked after so professionally!

Author: George Whitehead
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
An overall positive experience at Sides Medical. Would be really helpful if the appointment booking service was made easier. We do tend to use the online triage service to submit a request to the GP on the website as it’s much quicker. My only gripe is that older patients or those without access to a smart phone aren’t always able to get through on the appointments line in a morning. Receptionists do try to help you as much as they can. Dr Bateson is a really caring doctor who goes to extraordinary lengths to promote patient care and wellbeing. Excellent pharmacy and such lovely staff at Tim’s and Parker. They are so efficient and professional.

Author: Keet Bowe
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having recently transferred from another practice in Swinton, the difference in service is day and night, you really get the feeling that the staff at Sides actually care for their patients, listen and do their absolute best to provide a great service, Thank you 🙏 …

Author: Helen Perlin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very distressing experience with Dr Tse Belmond and feel it is important to share this for transparency. I attended an appointment following a panic attack. As English is not my first language, I brought my partner for support. During the consultation, my partner was dismissed and interrupted, and I was pressured to speak despite being visibly distressed. I was prompted to discuss a traumatic experience, which caused me to become extremely upset. Throughout this, I was not offered reassurance or support, and the lack of empathy was noticeable. At a later appointment, I raised concerns about possible Autism and requested an assessment. This was met with a dismissive response, including laughing, and statements were made that Autism is rare in women and predominantly affects men. I found this response unprofessional and not in line with current understanding. I also have concerns about how suicidal thoughts I disclosed were recorded, as they were documented as “depressed mood – minor,” which did not reflect the seriousness of what was discussed. Overall, I left feeling unheard, belittled, and unsafe. I would not feel comfortable seeing this doctor again and would advise others to be cautious.

Author: Hello there
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Our family is very happy with this practice - our children receive prompt care and the reception and medical staff are kind and accommodating. It is online appointment based which is convenient for me. Many appointments can be carried out via telephone. I, myself, have received excellent care and trust the doctors here. Dr Beattie and Dr Elliott, Dr Clothier Dr Bateson are very helpful.

Author: Anna F
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really happy with how easy it is to get an appointment through the online form and how thorough the doctors are in trying to get to the bottom of an issue. Thank you!

Author: Barbara Jones
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Charlotte Smith has shown such care each time I had reason to see a doctor at the practice. Dr Elliott has also taken time to prescribe alternative medication following tests. There’s so much negative reports in the media about GPs but I definitely have no complaints about this practice. Thank you

Author: Heather Clearwater
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dear Heather, Thank you for your 5 star feedback.

Author: Samantha Dugmore
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
How a doctors should be! Best doctors around that for sure! Everyone very warm friendly and highly professional always going the extra mile to make sure your care is very person centred.They have thought of everything to making sure all our needs are met by all the staff and by ensuring they have a pharmacy next door and easy parking available outside. Just an outstanding practice!
