Practice: The Limes Medical Practice
Canonical code: P87017
Postcode: M28 3AT
Google Maps title: The Limes Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Limes+Medical+Centre/@53.5231379,-2.397544,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ba8be79889c0d:0xf43e581a0829ce02!8m2!3d53.5231379!4d-2.397544!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vn9nn3k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Saman Mohammed
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wish I could leave the review without even 1 star the reception is rubbish keep lying 3 times booked me to speak to a DR every time 3 weeks waiting each time after3 weeks I called back to reception they said to I have not even booked

Author: John Flannery
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Much improved surgery last few years; far more good organisational systems and people.

Author: Sophie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrified by this surgery. MAJOR DATA BREACH The admin staff registered a client under my name, removed me from my Dr’s surgery without my knowledge and held my medical records in their surgery for 6 months without doing anything with them. I only realised when I needed an appointment with my Surgery and was told I was no longer registered there. I went on my nhs app and could see all my medical history along with the other patients medical history and the other patients child!!!!!

Author: Chris Ockwell
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really helpful staff

Author: Roy Cavanagh MBE
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I fully understand the issues and pressures of the,NHS. The Limes Medical centre however, have been outstanding for both my wife and myself.From the reception or via telephone, the nurses, and doctors have helped every way they can.Thank you.

Author: deborah browne
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Towards the end of last year, I witnessed what I can only describe as a master class in customer service. I was waiting to collect something, as I noted Michelle take over a phone call from a younger receptionist, it appeared to be a difficult phone call. I moved away and took a seat. I couldn’t hear the caller, but from the time it took, and response by Michelle, I could tell that it took a lot of patience and calmness. There was a lot of warmth and empathy, and when Michelle finished, she introduced me to the younger new receptionist. I said to her take it from me you are learning from one of the best, and from what i observed, that was a master class in customer service. I think we forget that the front line staff in any medical centre, whether it is on the phone or face to face, do an extremely good job, and are faced with a lot of difficulties along the way, and are blamed constantly for things that are beyond their control. I know the Limes staff well, and they are all really hardworking and caring individuals. Please remember they are all doing their jobs, to the best of their abilities, and going through the same pressures of everyday life, as every one of us.

Author: Ben Newman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an incredible experience at this Practice. The staff at reception were very helpful, and my experience getting some travel advice and vaccinations were well above expectations. Big credit to the efficiency of this practice and the travel nurse especially 👏 …

Author: Rachel Conway
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rachel ConwayLocal Guide · 76 reviews · 2 photosa year ago

Author: Sara Watson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have never had a bad experience with this surgery in the 7/8 years I have been registered. I find the service really friendly and efficient. I always get an appointment within a good amount of time and the reception staff are lovely. Thank you all 😊 …

Author: janinne ogg
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with the limes for over 40 years and some of my family longer. The receptionists have always been friendly and helpful, even going the extra mile to help with queries. The Dr's have all been great but Dr Element was my favourite. I always manage to get an appointment and I have the choice of telephone or face to face. The Dr's refer you on where necessary. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
