Practice: Cherry Medical Practice
Canonical code: P87630
Postcode: M28 0BB
Google Maps title: Cherry Medical Practice
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 55
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cherry+Medical+Practice/@53.5293645,-2.4216289,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ba887b48fdb23:0x8611d667659f5a42!8m2!3d53.5293645!4d-2.4216289!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1q5bll31l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Rem Smith
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great gp, Dr Cheema is great, very polite and friendly while also being straight to the point. 10/10 👍🏻 …

Author: Gary Tart
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Was seen politely at reception Appointment was on time with the doctor, who couldn't be more understanding of condition. In all a very good experience.

Author: luis alarcon
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been seen by Dr Sapna, and she was amazing. She listened to all my concerns regarding my health, and she has helped me to understand my situation and make all the referrals I needed. Thanks, Dr Sapna. I wish to meet you next time.

Author: Layla Leech
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely man really tried to help and lisend to me 5 ☆☆☆☆☆

Author: Влада Кужим
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I came to you because I had an appointment with a doctor and I came the day before the appointment so that the administrators would add an interpreter for me, as it is impossible to do online. I was told that this could not be done. I asked to just have a phone and I would write to the doctor on it (this has already happened once), to which the administrator also said no. I did not understand anything she was saying. I asked to have it written on the phone so that I could understand, but the administrator also refused. I did not know what to do. The only thing the administrator did was cancel my appointment with the doctor, which I had been waiting for for 2 weeks. And gave me the doctor's phone number so that I could call at 8:00. The only question is how should I call the doctor in English to communicate, if I am now asking to provide me with an interpreter for my appointment. The administrators are simply disappointing. This is not the first time that they understand that I have a weak level of English and have a very negative attitude. I came on 08/27/25 at 4:20 PM. Unfortunately, I will change to another clinic, because I can't even make an appointment. (

Author: Roy Blackshaw
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this surgery for many years and have always been looked after by the Doctors Nurses and all staff. Many thanks to Dr cheema for her help and support recently it's much appreciated.

Author: May Ka
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Cheema is the best, I always feel listened and get all information I seek for. Practice staff always helpful:)

Author: Fabiana Couto
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Good medical care, but the operators on the phone do not listen to the patient's complaints. They hang up without you saying anything and often do not answer the phone at all.

Author: Daryna Veselova
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I am bit shocked to what the doctor has told me this morning which what I not expect for a doctor to say in general. My call was made before 8am even though the practice is open from 8am. I don’t mind getting a call in the morning but nobody has made me aware the calls are made in the morning from 7am to what the doctor has stated via telephone today . When I called to make an appointment I have mentioned to the receptionist that I am not sure whether I need a call or a face to face appointment and clearly have stated what my problem is. The doctor called and said that I would need to a face to face appointment to get examined. Which I felt that I have wasted my time because with the pain that I have I could have been seen today and maybe the doctor could see my problem because the pain that I have is not always there. Which means I am not sure when I will get face to face appointment as it’s Thursday today and to get a face to face appointment would be slightly longer (possibly next week) which means I am not sure if I will still be in pain at the time of when I get seen face to face. Also for the doctor to say that even if we do all investigation referrals ect I should expect for the problem not to be solved and that possibly I will be on long term painkiller depending on the specialists will say. Now from the time that I was registered at this doctors, until now I was actually thinking that this practice and doctors are very caring towards their patients, I don’t mean by just solving the problems and providing medicine . But I would definitely except for the doctor to be more caring of how they speak to the patients too , that is part of the care too. I defiantly wasn’t asking Dr Cheema about what I expected or about my expectations were, when I see the specialist . This is not what I expect from the doctor at all. We are all humans a despite I have this is an on going problem and still nothing is found and this is not a blame at the GP. But it s really upsetting and as a person I am very worried about my health, but for the doctor to kind of tell me off about my expectations that I didn’t even ask about is a bit wrong and for the first time I felt that the conversation with the doctor was not caring towards me. The only doctor that I feel that care in this practice is Dr Tandon.

Author: anthony turner
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient of Cherry Medical for over 40 years. I require a large prescription each month. The receptionists are patient and helpful as is the nurse and doctors.
