Practice: Vernon Park Surgery
Canonical code: P88615
Postcode: SK1 2EX
Google Maps title: Vernon Park Surgery
Google rating: 4.2
Google review count: 19
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Vernon+Park+Surgery/@53.4180053,-2.1434873,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb47ce8f640a7:0x9d1cf7231197b31!8m2!3d53.4180053!4d-2.1434873!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdxvks4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Diane
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Zadik was incredibly easy to talk to, making me feel heard and comfortable throughout my entire appointment. I highly recommend.

Author: S Gul
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited Vernon Park Surgery recently and I just want to say how kind and helpful the women at the reception desk were. They were polite, patient, and very supportive, which made the whole experience much less stressful. Their friendly attitude and willingness to help really stood out. Thank you for such excellent service — it’s truly appreciated.

Author: Chelsea Gill
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful gp practice, will never go back again! Has put me of doctors for the rest of my life!!! Have been going for 4+ years regarding my weight and ongoing eating disorder for nothing to be done! Not once has anything in my body been tested or checked other than a blood test, I’ve explained multiple times I cannot drink the ensure drinks because I throw them up. They offer the same blood tests every time which I’ve already had for no further tests or referrals to be done afterwards. My weight has now dropped drastically and still I’ve received no referral or tests. All you get offered is mental health support while you struggle internally always feeling poorly and sick after eating which isn’t normal. It isn’t in my head there’s an issue going on within my body so I’ve now given up with this place. You have to beg and scream for something to be done and even then nothing is done to help you. Completely let me down and if I’d received proper care 4 years ago I would not be in the state I am in now!!!

Author: Mohammad Asif
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ive been with these doctors for nearly ten years ..easy to get a appointment ,reception staff are super.. Although the doctors there ,I must unfortunately say are complacent.. I kept going in for a headache for 8 months all they offered me was paracetamol or codeine..when I went to brinnington health center they referred me to a neroligist

Author: Stoian Adrian
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you very much to Debbie from reception as she was very professional and knowledgeable, and also a big thank you to Dr. MARY ZADIK, she manage to diagnose me in a quick and in a professional way.

Author: obinna nwafor odii
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best care assistant ever, moving in Stockport from Derby.

Author: Bernard !!!!!!
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very lucky to be a member of the Venom Park Sedgy family and it is an honor and pride for me. I would like to thank all the staff, from doctors and nurses to pharmacists and reception staff and everyone who works there. You are a loyal spirit and you are the great people in the city of Stockport. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart.❤️

Author: Unorthodox One
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Was at Brinnington surgery for a few years was seriously failed off many doctors at that practice. Moved to vernon park surgery and I can honestly say Dr Chaterjee is amazing. Very caring and consistently brilliant. I feel like this place actually cares about my health and isnt just trying to see as many people as possible. I love how I can request my monthly medication off my NHS app and do online GP requests. Ive never had a doctors practice as good as this one. Im so glad I moved here from Brinnington surgery. The reception staff are always very helpful especially doing samples etc. More practices should be like this place. Thankyou Vernon Park surgery you are awesome.

Author: Ibrahim Ahmed
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Genuinely the only time I can say that a GP practice has been incredible. Great service and a pleasure to be with them

Author: Nailah Khan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors at this practice are great - however, I recently had a negative experience with an Ilham Yasser, who informed me that my one-year-old baby and I were removed from the practice after I requested not to have my daughter vaccinated. This decision seemed illogical, especially considering I know of other patients who remain registered despite not living nearby. It feels discriminatory toward my parental choices, which is very disappointing.
