Practice: Haughton Thornley Medical Centres
Canonical code: P89014
Postcode: SK14 1JY
Google Maps title: Haughton Thornley Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Haughton+Thornley+Medical+Centre/@53.4468944,-2.0759453,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb5e842e35a63:0xfcb521aeaafe17ff!8m2!3d53.4468944!4d-2.0759453!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td4zdf0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Amy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Amy2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Su Su San
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Su Su SanLocal Guide · 177 reviews · 348 photosa month ago

Author: Barbara Bardsley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I went for emergency appointment Friday and everyone were amazing. Was met by a very helpful receptionist and waited hardly any time to see the doctor who was lovely. She listened to me explaining my problem before asking a few questioning and suggested changing one of my meds over for a different one . Excellent service from start to leaving. Highly recommend.

Author: MOONIS PRO
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing! I had to go get checked there multiple times. And most the time the meds they prescribed to me always worked. Recommended.

Author: Nathaniel Kilgour
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had a good experience here.

Author: Zack Khan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most of the staff there are very polite, helpfull and I have personally experienced occasions where they were helpful, emphatic and try to do what they can and go above and beyond. Today however, I had the pleasure of speaking with receptionist L** (i will refrain from naming him out of courtesy). The embodiment of professionalism, charm, articulate and manerism that are exemplary. He raises the bar and sets a standards for all to follow..... NO!!!. This young man comes across as a stereotype underage teenager. Who lacks manners and is in need of severe training and a thesaurus. I appreciate the nature of the role you have and people you deal with and truely emphatise with you. However, understand that the people who approach you come from various walk of life; situations and in most cases approach you when they are in their most weakest/vulnerable. No one is telling you how to do your job L** (as you mistakenly thought i was implying which i was not) however, pay attention to your body language ( dead fish on a plate) ( thats an expression L**), tone ( autobot and lack any emotion), facial expression and most importantly be able to explain/express in more than 3 words ("dont teach me to how to do my job" i was not but clearly training is required). Your the 1st point of contact, a representative of the practice. People will make a judgement of the practice based on you. Consider this a constrictive critersim and your colleague who preceeded you was more experienced and mature. (To whom I thank for you assistance and trying to resolve the situation). All in all, you require more training and experience. Again, take this is a constructive criticism NOT a go at you. Learn from you peers, the practice has a duty to pick up on this and provide sufficient training. People who work in the NHS and GP practice have to be more understanding, emphatic and helpfull than other professions. But then again this may have been a bad day or your going thru stress which would explain alot. If so, I apologise and understand. Its ok, keep that chin up and smile. Tc

Author: Colin McHugo
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
All i can say this place is going down hill. Just been sat there booked in by the screen as that what you got to do. 20mins later the i was asked i was seeing. Found out its been booked at Haughton Vale by mistake. No other appointments for me until the next day.

Author: R R
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been experiencing kidney pains and expressed 2 days to be seen but kept being sent to the pharmacy who have said they’re not able to treat as it’s gone to my kidney. I have never known the surgery to be this poor and neglect issues that’s been raised twice consistently.

Author: andrew fraser
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Requested to see a Doctor via on line portal, explained my symptoms and was given an appointment 3 days later. Good service or so I thought. Went to the surgery and booked in and was seen. It was explained my prescription would be sent to my allocated chemist later in the day. On attending chemist no prescription written and I should call the practice. I then find out I was seen by a paramedic and not a Doctor. No wonder the quick service. I have to wait till a doctor writes the prescription which a paramedic has prescribed. I will ensure all my future appointments to see a doctor are with a doctor and not another NHS professional.

Author: Robert Barayuga
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Twice this thing happened. I've ordered my medication online and its taking them forever to issue the order to chemist. I phoned just now and I've told them I'm on my last tablet and probably won't have anything to take in maybe a week until the time they issue the order. If something happened to me because of not taking my medication, I'll take them accountable and still they're not bothered. Not very professional, reception and doctors alike. NOT RECOMMENDED.
