Practice: BODMIN ROAD HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: P91017
Postcode: M33 5JH
Google Maps title: Bodmin Road Health Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 40
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bodmin+Road+Health+Centre/@53.4274964,-2.3513999,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bac6df37947dd:0x6e556e0d8894bd80!8m2!3d53.4274964!4d-2.3513999!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hlqc7v8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Danielle harper
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist if you call them that ....paticularly one doesnt listen rambles on she thinks shes the doctor and tells you if you need an appointment horrendous woman,to the point iv come of the phone in tiers you just hope pot luck its not that one answering because she has no empthany no customer service skills and probably no interest in the job just holding out for her pension

Author: Sam
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful, kind and professional.

Author: LM
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I booked an appointment 10 days in advance (earliest). The slot states 8.30-12. No call. Rang the surgery at 12 to be told it’s up till 1.30pm. At 1.40 still no call. I ring back to be told I’ve got a morning slot!! I say but it’s NOT morning, it’s nearly 2pm! (I urgently need some tablets by the end of the day and I’ve been waiting in all day for a call, in addition I need to discuss another medical problem). Receptionist cannot give me any more assistance other than tell me I’ll get a call sometime today but it’s Friday and I go away tomorrow morning 😡

Author: Tom
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a medical centre

Author: Claire Isbister
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always been very accommodating for me and my family

Author: Mohamed Ramadan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse GP surgery ever. You can’t get an appointment by calling and they ask you to put a request online which we did weeks ago and no response yet.

Author: Pixie Dust
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered since I was very young at this practice and this surgery has been perfect. I took up the time of Julie, a receptionist recently and she was really helpful, kind and understanding. They make reasonable adjustments for family members who are not great at computers, they explain, reply and organise appointments in the best way they can. The NHS is far from perfect (which is down to NHS England!) but this surgery goes above and beyond.

Author: Beth Crofts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are very bad at communicating and extremely rude on the phone, just want to get you off the phone asap.

Author: Harry Hill
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Terrible experience getting any appointment when it was genuinely needed. Receptionist staff are horrendous both in functionality and understanding people with other circumstances than their own. The doctors and nurses, however are very lovely down to earth and understanding and give you the best treatment they possibly can do. It's just the very almost impossible wasted effort trying to get any form of appointment through the current Receptionist staff.

Author: Laura Clinton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with the surgery for 6 years now, and my hand on heart can say it's fantastic. I've never had a bad experience. The reception team is always super kind and patient. They've advised when I've had difficulty and ensured I've been seen as soon as possible. All of the doctors are wonderful, patient, kind, and caring. They look after me so well, and nothing is too much trouble. I like the ask my GP app, I think it saves a lot of time for all personally. I understand it is difficult to get on at 8am sometimes, but I've never not managed to get an appointment at some time in the week I've needed one. If you miss the cut off you can easily call and speak to the reception team, if it's very urgent or for a child a space will absolutely be made. I'm very happy with the service and do definitely recommend it as a great surgery.
