Practice: Lostock Medical Centre
Canonical code: P91627
Postcode: M32 9PA
Google Maps title: Lostock Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lostock+Medical+Centre/@53.4546807,-2.3291443,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bae9d5a74d215:0x457e50a44ef34162!8m2!3d53.4546807!4d-2.3291443!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc5q32rn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Ciaran
Date: Edited 6 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
If you want a sick note don’t come here you’ll be waiting as long as Philip J. Fry did to get to the 31st century. Will say staff are friendly

Author: Mohamed Ghassar
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A genuinely excellent practice. The doctors are very supportive and have offered all the help within their professional ability, even when my request required direct engagement with NHS services beyond their remit. The reception staff are consistently patient and take enquiries seriously, and the secretary is a particularly kind and helpful member of the team who processed my request promptly and without hesitation. Overall, a very positive experience with a practice that clearly cares about its patients.

Author: Mohmmed Nurelhoda
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Mohmmed Nurelhoda1 review3 months ago

Author: Neil Shepherd
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid this practice if at all possible. I have been registered with the practice for 13 years and initially all was great. Currently, every time I have to deal with them, something goes wrong causing stress and anxiety when help is needed most. I was sent to get bloods elsewhere and when I attended the appointment I was told that the surgery should have given me some paperwork which they hadn't. I called in on my way home and was told "of course you need paperwork" as though it was my fault. The text they sent confirming the appointment stated I didn't need any paperwork. I wasn't even aware what the test was for as there was no other contact. They recently put me on medication for high blood pressure. Initially, the "GP" I saw put me on a drug which caused my ankles to swell so I asked if it could be changed. Their remote clinical pharmacist changed the drug but when I read the leaflet, it stated that it shouldn't be taken by anyone on anti-fungal medication, which I am. Another drug was prescribed and sent to a different pharmacy. When I went to the pharmacy stated, they said they hadn't got the prescription as it had been sent to another pharmacy which was closed, so I was without the medication for 3 days. I have been sent another appointment with the clinical pharmacist for next week. The times don't fit around my work so I called in to ask for a later call and was refused. Dr Archer agreed I could have a flu jab due my lung condition. An appointment was made for this on the same day I went for a kidney function blood test and I was told I could have it at the same time. The phlebotomist was about to take bloods for a test she had already done about 4 weeks ago until I told her it was a kidney function test and informed her that I had been told that I could have a flu jab at the same time. Her response wasn't good, but suffice to say she didn't do it stating that she was thinking of retiring due to the stress that the admin team were putting her under. I went to reception and was told "no, you can't have a flu jab as you're not old enough". I really do think that this practice has gone downhill which is a great shame as I used to sing the praises of all the staff. I hope Dr Archer reads this and takes some action as some of the staff are rude, ignorant, uncaring and more importantly following unsafe practices. Not what you want from a GP surgery. I am quite willing to discuss things further with him if he wishes to call me. I am currently looking for another practice hoping things will be better there. In the meantime, if I can be bothered I am seriously thinking about contacting CQC. Avoid Avoid Avoid

Author: asad sarwar
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Improved massively. Everything about it is just much, much better. Leaving my original review below, it doesn't hold true now though... Absolutely awful experience since joining a few months back. So far between 4 of us we have only ever seen a Paramedic, never a GP, about 10 appointments in total. And waiting 30 plus minutes seems to be the norm, how is this acceptable?

Author: Lucy Pinnington
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The surgery has improved x10 over the last year or so. I have had VERY negative experiences here in the past but wanted to post that recently it's been better. I've had an urgent face to face as well as non-emergency tele appointments & bloods booked for the same week. I think the service is good now. It's still very busy but they are doing their best and I wanted to acknowledge. Thank you Lostock

Author: Nate Dawg
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr archer is great when he has the time I can't fault him at all, but this is place needs closing it's totally shocking!!! The receptionist think they know more than than the GPs. The receptionist tells me my local record probably NOT be updated this week and don't know when it will be, and we are on a Tuesday! It should have took a maximum of 10mins to update. They give the wrong injections and have to Google which injection I came in for at one point 😳 The receptionists are the worst by far tell patients there's no appointments when the place is empty all whilst playing with their nails and more bothered about who's putting the kettle on 😡 it's also still run like it was during COVID times 5years on what a joke!!! No way at all confidential as they announce what medication you are on to people in the que behind you. No discretion at all!! If you can avoid and find a better surgery then I suggest you should. I hope the Docs read this and replace the receptionist with people that can actually do their job properly it's disgusting how they treat people over the phone or in person. Hands down the worst around 👎

Author: M&C Byrne
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Its shocking how poorly the reception and admin team treat the most vulnerable who come seeking support, help, guidance and care. It appears the general policy is to exasperate poor health inparticular mental health and errode self esteem through untruths, inequality of shared information around their patient policies and guidance eg.information varies from one patient to the next and day to day. They treat the patients and doctors alike with contempt in equal measure. I have point out that the doctors themselves are lovely (when admin allows you to access them)

Author: Valerie
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service, some of the reception/admin. staff are offhand and unhelpful.I felt the Doctor wasn't listening to me, he was dismissive,telling me there were 7 patients waiting outside to see him. I expected to be given a prescription for the anxiety and sleeplessness I was suffering but came away empty-handed. Dr. Archer gives the impression that his job doesn't interest him any more, he's just putting in an appearance and going through the motions, as I had 'nt needed to see him for 7 years, I expected better than this.

Author: Bicks Singh
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor communication. Told should have my blood test results in 2-3 days. It's been a month. Have called numerous times & still no success. Not even a call back
