Practice: Whitley Road Medical Centre
Canonical code: P84054
Postcode: M40 7QH
Google Maps title: Whitley Road Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 90
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Whitley+Road+Medical+Centre/@53.4949241,-2.2227751,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb1ac2dfdb36f:0x362b955ff1fe725c!8m2!3d53.4949241!4d-2.2227751!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td6g0k0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Festus Azaka
Date: 11 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent

Author: Robert A
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you Robert for taking the time to leave us feedback. We look forward to helping you again in the future.

Author: Michelle Behan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Hi Michelle, we’re sorry for your experience at the surgery that lead to negative feedback. We will endeavour to improve our services in the future.

Author: Saber Mahmoudi
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic and helpful staff specially during phone call

Author: Katie Riggs
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic GPS and medical staff. Had my blood drawn by shamima and literally didn’t feel a thing no issues and she answered all my questions and told me all the details I wanted 🙌 I’m coming back to update my review - I wish I could leave another 5 stars just for Zac T. Thank you for being the best medical professional I’ve ever met. I was listened to and the root of my problem was addressed instead of just giving me a solution for now. I feel incredibly grateful

Author: Lauren Elizabeth
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Every time a telephone appointment is booked, they never call at the time the appointment is for, they'll call at any point of the day instead...(so what's the point in an appointment time). I've now missed two appointments because of this, I.e today I had an appt with my dr booked for me yesterday by the 111 operator for 11.30am. Whitley Rd Dr then tried calling instead at 8.30am and 10.30 am... but not at 11.30am. I was busy, I have children. Don't have telephone appt bookings if you guys can't even obide by the booking time. its just messing the patients around.

Author: simon flores
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been seeing Dr Xack toon for quite awhile now he’s such a professional nose his job and get things done. Unfortunately the receptionists are very rude very blunt. They don’t care what is wrong with you. They always tell you to ring at 8 o’clock in the morning and when you do you’re on the line for 20 to 30 minutes and then there are no opportunities for an appointment that day you have to ring back the next day to make an appointment if you’re lucky you won’t be in a queue for 20 to 30 minutes. The receptionist a lady is very very rude. Things need to change as they are not getting things done properly and efficient. If you’re sick that day you need an appointment and you can’t get it then you have to ring back the next day. I rang today to speak to Dr Zak toon make an appointment and he wasn’t in after I was told the other day that he’s back off his annual leave the staff. Do not care if they don’t like their job tell them to leave. I’ve read the reviews and it’s the same thing with the same receptionist over and over again. I’m an army veteran who suffers with PTSD anxiety night terrors. I have one leg and I’m trying to get my health back on track. Dr Zach is helping me but the receptionists are unprofessional. If you are striving to make this place better replace the receptionist to somebody who actually cares about the people and the job they do I understand they get calls every day but this is their job. They are the first point of call things need to change.

Author: Valerio Carretta
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I agree with many reviews regarding the reception staff. I have been with this clinic for 24 years however one member of staff - I think it is the Lady manager has been rude several times forcing me to put her to her place every time. Also I am concerned as they do not seem to fid documents on files - basically there is a bit of background incompetence going on which needs addressing.asap. Dr Mohindra has a good medical competence and I always ask to see him when I can. not sure about the others as they sll changes in recent years . one of them ( a young doctor think called Zak ) minimised a lump with a scan refer of almost 4 months to then be rushed to cancer care which is really worrying. another doctor ( a lady) even referred me for a ultrasound scan to the auxilla to a wrong place. I don’t think I need to say more….

Author: Mania Pa
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic medical centre, it has professional staff and amazing doctors. For years my children were seeing Dr Mohidra and he is great. Also, Dr Mansoor is exceptional, he takes the time to listen to your concerns, and explains things clearly. They genuinely care about their patients' well-being and it shows in every interaction. Thank you all for all your support!

Author: Sam Malone
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Julie on reception is rude, sarcastic and just shouts at you down the phone, she speaks down to you and tries to be little you, she does it every single time you call the doctors. The call times are also a joke, you wait on the phone for over 50 minutes with an annoying song playing and then they just hang up on you because they can’t be bothered to answer, place is terrible and i don’t know how Julie still has a job with the way she speaks to people
