Practice: Oak Gables Medical Practice
Canonical code: P85017
Postcode: OL2 8BF
Google Maps title: The Oak Gables Partnership
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Oak+Gables+Partnership/@53.5761561,-2.0950304,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb854374573cb:0x39b4da40080a8699!8m2!3d53.5761561!4d-2.0950304!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc13sgsq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: William Simon
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Saw Dr mahmud today. Nice guy. Very helpful. No problem at reception..

Author: Sugarlips x
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Ring at 7.59, 15th in queue. Get to you...no appointments left. They seem to take pleasure in telling you. Direct you to 111. I've tried for 2 days to get an appointment at oak gables. I'm in remission from cancer. And still can't get in. What is the point in this surgery. May as well go straight to 111

Author: ady khn
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently I been thier with my 72 old dad he had appointment there nice service nice staffs but really shocked to see that some how racism still exists there with some older type of English types people's so becarefull while when you was waiting there to see to your is Gp .. someone could be turn around saying sussh or being bullied or rude to you any time .... I meant normal old type of patients not staffs...... had bad experience there luckily I was with me dad or it's could be turn to worse 🙃

Author: Stephanie Fallows (Steph .x.)
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice new building, friendly staff and the doctors me and my kids have seen there have been great.

Author: Lisa Normanton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr Shibeika in July and August What a lovely GP! He was patient, understanding, didn’t rush me at all, and had time to listen to me, unlike others within the practice. One thing I thoroughly disagree with, is being rushed by a GP (we shouldn’t all be classed as time/wasters!) He carried out tests and was very reassuring, that I would be ok. I was sad to hear he was temporary and leaving at the end of August. I had to have some more tests, and knew I’d be seeing someone else for my results 😟 However, to my delight, when I made the appointment for October, Dr Shibeika was available 👍🏻 When I saw him this week, I said it was great to see him. He told me he would be with the practice until December. Whoever’s responsibility it is, please consider keeping this wonderful man on, on a permanent basis!! He’s an asset to Oak Gables 👍🏻

Author: Emily Hilton
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with this practice. My 2-year-old daughter received unsafe and delayed care: she was prescribed a Vitamin D supplement containing nuts despite having a documented nut allergy, and her paediatric referral was made as routine despite abnormal blood results and ongoing symptoms. The practice also fails to respond properly to complaints, leaving parents without answers or accountability. I have also personally experienced significant delays and poor communication when trying to get urgent care and test results. Repeated failures like this put patients’ health at risk. I cannot recommend this practice to anyone who expects safe, timely, and responsive care

Author: Mrs Swilly1 (Mrs Swilly)
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Mrs Swilly1 (Mrs Swilly)Local Guide · 26 reviews · 25 photos8 months ago

Author: Be Jan Sulayman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disrespectful doctor didn’t replied my good morning and i just had one question he also ignored me i felt more sick when i came back 💔 …

Author: Earth Angel
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Update Dr missed vital information on my medical records resulting In reception staff being told to call me to question whether I really needed medical exemption for the supplies I use to maintain a stoma 24/7 and have had for the last 15 years. Mine isn't reversible its permanent. Its not something a gp should miss. They Wrongly added schizophrenia to my medical records previously which was removed but eventually. Very poor surgery. Several weeks wait for diabetic checks, when results finally come through they are out of date. Staff have favourite patients who always get appointments and post openly on Facebook their thsnk yous to the staff. If your face fits. Given up trying to book can never get seen

Author: Angus Little
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Greatly improved since the old building. Dr shanker and my asthma nurse have been great and everything has been alot more snappy than previously.
