Practice: Perkins Practice
Canonical code: P85608
Postcode: OL1 1NL
Google Maps title: Dr B Perkins
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+B+Perkins/@53.5437506,-2.1168654,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487bb77e3916bf0d:0x93f66a947f64144a!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb77e730fbffd:0xed4dd7a0833a1a4a!8m2!3d53.5437506!4d-2.1168654!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc547tb4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Michael Higham
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
12 months ago I tried 3 days on the trot to get an appointment because I'm having difficulty breathing, especially when I'm laying down. After the 3d try i give up. I am now 65 years old and things have got worse, but I still can not get an appointment. Doctor Perkins is a lovely man. But I can not help wounder how many people have died unnecessarily because there condition was not diagnosed early enough. You need to go back to the old way of making appointments (before Covid) because early detection is crucial.

Author: Lloyd
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lloyda month ago

Author: picdriver
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Have been with Dr Perkins (Brian) since he took over from Dr Peel (old practice?) for well over 20 years. Very easy going & friendly & listens to you. Obviously he has time slots but you never feel rushed. I understand the frustrations & one stars regarding trying to book an appointment but this seems to be across the board now as opposed to it being solely an issue with this particular practice since covid. When you do get through to book an appointment you're greeted with a not so happy receptionist who makes you feel like a burdon on her day. I try & put this down to dealing with all the phonecalls first thing of a morning! Otherwise she's been very accommodating & helpfulI when the need arises. I don't like having to tell a receptionist what my issue is though...It should be between me & the doc. Paula the nurse was equally great & also had time for questions etc. A nurse I saw on an earlier visit was terrible...she couldn't wait to get rid...had no time...& the waiting room was practically empty! ..she didn't know why I was there! (health check). But overall no intentions of changing doctor....proper family doctor to us for many years. If I knew I was going to write a review this long I'd have sold it as a book...donations instead are welcome.

Author: Jamie M
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with dr Perkins for over a decade. By far the best doctor. Highly recommended

Author: Zowie Carter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely love dr perkins he's down to earth and doesn't hit you with long terminology like other Dr's do.

Author: Dave “Just Dave”
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Dr Perkins himself can never help me enough. The receptionist however is always very rude. I should have to tell them the ins and outs of why I need an appointment, my medical issue is embarrassing enough without having to tell them what is wrong every single time I book an appointment. Called today to book an appointment. It took 20 mins to actually get through only to be met with the most obnoxious attitude. I shouldn't have to deal with this as a patient. I called for an appointment, not to be spoken to like a child. Minus 2 stars Mr Perkins, because you reception staff are terrible.

Author: ENGLISH WITH SABBIR
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible Experience at NHS GP Practice The Absolute Worst I am writing this review to express my extreme dissatisfaction with Dr. Parkin's NHS GP practice. This practice is, without a doubt, the worst healthcare experience I've ever had. Here's a list of my grievances: Unbelievably Long Wait Times: Getting an appointment is a nightmare. Even after securing one, expect to wait in the waiting room. Unprofessional Doctors: I've had appointments with various doctors , and none have instilled confidence. They seem unconcerned about my health problems. I would recommend looking for alternative GP practices in the area. There must be better options out there with qualified professionals who genuinely care about their patients' well-being. If you're looking for a GP experience that will leave you feeling more unwell than when you arrived, then NHS is the place for you! Buckle up, because this is a tale of woe. Getting There is an Odyssey: Firstly, reaching a human to book an appointment is an act of pure masochism. The phone lines are permanently engaged in a game of dial tone torture, and the online system is about as user-friendly as a medieval trebuchet. Finally, you're ushered into the office. Prepare for a five-minute consultation. Don't expect in-depth examinations or thoughtful diagnoses. Here, a generic prescription pad are your only companions. I understand that the NHS is under a lot of strain, but that doesn't excuse the unprofessional and unacceptable service.

Author: Nick L
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Was a good doctors until covid since then I've had 3 appointments due to formally complaining my last appointment was 1year ago I'm still in agony daily but I resort to buying strong painkillers of the Internet because its easier to get them that work rather than trying to get a appointment

Author: Mehek Raja
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Actually i want to put zero star! This is pathetic! I can't even get a single appointment for my kids even i call promptly at 8am. What a daft 😡 …

Author: Angela Yearn
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Perkins has literally saved my life! His quick diagnosis and quick less than 2 week referral has currently (touch wood) got me on the road to recovery Even before recent problems Doctor Perkins and his practice have been brilliant over the years, and each deserve a gold medal for putting up with me 😐 …
