Practice: Bramhall & Shaw Heath Medical Group
Canonical code: P88016
Postcode: SK7 3EP
Google Maps title: Bramhall Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bramhall+Park+Medical+Centre/@53.3774146,-2.2379772,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBramhall+%26+Shaw+Heath+Medical+Group+SK7+3EP!3m8!1s0x487bb3522438cd59:0x683c7c527abd7233!8m2!3d53.3774146!4d-2.1617595!9m1!1b1!15sCitCcmFtaGFsbCAmIFNoYXcgSGVhdGggTWVkaWNhbCBHcm91cCBTSzcgM0VQkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jZW50ZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tjgp40q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Big V RD
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
James the new receptionist rude as hell. I don’t know who he thinks he is but maybe this sector isn’t for him.

Author: Dominic Keefe
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Some of the doctors here are more thoughtful than others but overall they reflect institutional neglect. I'm dealing with a disabling and frightening chronic condition that has been poorly investigated and diagnosed by the NHS and this health center. Tests have always comeback within their very broad definition of 'normal' and they refuse to apply any further clinical consideration to a patients' actual clinical picture. I asked for my medical records and I still haven't received the requested information three months later. I've complained but received no response. One receptionist a month ago completely ignored me. Then she dealt with me as if it was an inconvenience. The online triage system is now a grim joke. It frequently suspends the option to make an appointment for a week or more, and then every alternative method of contact filters you back to it. The clinic is at the forefront of a modern dysfunctional NHS where compassion disappeared decades ago. The patient comes very last in its considerations and it merely a source of LHA funding. Addendum : I am now discovering that the causes that I suggested for my illness and was laughed out of the surgery with ('Dr' Yazicci actually laughed at them) are indeed the issue and I am now self medicating with considerbale success. The dimissal of my theories by this surgery has cost me years of my life as I didn't act on it. Any attempt to complain to them is water off a duck's back to them. I've since changed surgeries. When I mentioned I was going to this, this one became even less responsive and more dismissive.

Author: Navin Sethi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Navin Sethi2 months ago

Author: Dawn Edge
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I used to boast about my GP practice but no longer. Service has declined dramatically in the last 12-18 months. Clinical staff are great when you can see them - 3 week wait for appointment and virtually impossible to get through on telephone. Didn't think it was possible, but service getting worse! No response to 2 triage forms. Cannot get through on phone. Little wonder A&E overwhlemed!

Author: Sue Pattinson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Filled in triage form and was then phoned to make an appointment. Doctor was lovely and asked me to arrange to go for blood tests. She sent me a link and I selected an appointment the same morning. Lady doing blood tests was very good, no pain, very quick. All done very efficiently, thank you.

Author: Charles Buckley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The doctors are lovely when you can get an appointment! The receptionists seem to lack empathy and are abrupt. The website is terrible and misleading and needs simplifying to make an appointment. The parking is diabolical with more scruffy, muddy garden than parking spaces.

Author: First Last
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just had to make a complaint for the first time EVER! I've been waiting MONTHS to get an appointment for plantar fasciitis, and finally had an appointment today, Thurs Sept 18th at 1.30pm. I thought it was at the Bramhall Health Centre close to the centre of Bramhall, and I got there for 1.30pm. Turns out it wasn't, so I have to double back to the very similarly-named Bramhall Park Medical Centre (your texts don't specify the address!) - which is twinned with Shaw Heath, get there for bang on 1.40pm, but I'm only on time to be classed as 'late' and marked down as Did Not Attend. I've rebooked for a couple of weeks from now, but after all this time of waiting, I think this is a DISGUSTING, INTRANSIGENT SYSTEM! Even Michael Douglas in Falling Down only went over 3 minutes at Whammy Burger, but for this, I was late at the precise moment my appointment was cancelled. I did ask if I could still be seen, but Computer Says No. As a result, to say I am ANGRY is an UNDERSTATEMENT! I'll be surprised if anyone cares about this complaint.

Author: Buket Özgür
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have been registered here for 4 years, and especially for children, we are usually able to get appointments on the same day. For adults, appointments may take a bit longer, but overall, things move quickly compared to the rest of the UK. Everyone is very friendly and organized. Although we have experienced occasional issues, we are generally very satisfied. Thank you to the entire team.

Author: JA Q
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly & efficient service from receptionist Amy as well as from Dr Walker - who was thorough with a caring attitude.

Author: Louise McGarrie
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Louise McGarrie4 reviews8 months ago
