Practice: Stockport Medical Group (Delamere Practice)
Canonical code: P88632001
Postcode: SK2 7NA
Google Maps title: Stockport Medical Group - Delamere Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stockport+Medical+Group+-+Delamere+Practice/@53.3881544,-2.1294489,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb4bed70276df:0x5571deaba2a146c!8m2!3d53.3881544!4d-2.1294489!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzsyht9h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Cameron Ahmed
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Simpson was extremely knowledgable and helpful

Author: Vikrant Kalukhe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I visited the practice for an in-person appointment to obtain a fit note while suffering from flu symptoms, including a high fever. I had made significant effort to attend despite feeling very unwell. Upon arrival, I was informed by the receptionist that the appointment was actually a telephone consultation, which was not indicated when the booking was made or confirmed. I politely pointed this out, explaining that it appeared to be an administrative error, and suggested it might help to flag this to prevent similar mix-ups for other patients in the future (e.g., someone travelling unnecessarily while ill). Unfortunately, instead of acknowledging the mistake or apologising, the receptionist repeated that I did not need to wait in the surgery for the call – raising her voice and speaking slowly and loudly on the second occasion. This felt highly patronising and dismissive, especially when I was already feeling extremely unwell and vulnerable. In the end, the journey was wasted, and I left without the consultation proceeding as expected. Clearer communication about appointment types and better handling of patient feedback when errors occur would greatly improve the experience here.

Author: Vicki venables
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My review for the doctors We have been with this doctors surgery now for a few years. The care the doctors took with my grandad i can't thank them enough he was having home visits they would come to the house no problem. The doctors are very patient with him as he could be stubborn. As my grandad became more poorly he had a doctor out most weeks as the doctor who came out was Dr Charlotte Kennedy I can't thank you enough you had patience and you took your time you didn't rush. But you didn't just support my grandad you also supported us as a family. There are many GP's that have looked after my grandad over the years and have gave great care. He also had nurses coming out for bloods mostly Naomi thank you for being so patient with him when you came to do his bloods. Things to be improved More appoiments and availability Not to be sent to mastercall To be able to see the same doctor

Author: Dagoth Ur
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What's happening here you should visit the hospital instead

Author: Amanda Neville
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A masterclass in how not to run a GP surgery. Reception staff appear to have taken on the role of clinicians, routinely dismissing concerns, deciding what does and does not warrant medical attention, and frequently redirecting patients to A&E or out-of-hours services for minor or ongoing issues. One wonders when this became part of their job description. GP consultations offer little improvement. Complex medical conditions, mental health concerns, and written recommendations from specialists are met with indifference or ignored altogether. Listening appears optional; empathy entirely absent. Complaints are treated with the same enthusiasm as patient care — acknowledged, if at all, then quietly disregarded. Patients are spoken to in a patronising manner and left feeling foolish for seeking help. If you are looking for accessible, patient-centred care, this is not the place. If, however, you enjoy being dismissed, redirected elsewhere, and made to feel like an inconvenience, this surgery may be exactly what you’re looking for.

Author: John Neill
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not register at this practice. The worst treatment myself and my partner have ever received. The GP’s are utterly unequipped to deal with anything other than a cold. The receptionists are the rudest, most inept people I’ve ever had the displeasure to come across and should have their parole revoked (I’m assuming they’re on parole given the aggressive behaviour they show anytime you ring up). As for the administrative staff, they seem to be incapable of reading a clinical letter, ignorant of how their ineptitude affects patient care, or blatantly money-grubbers. The practices operate a “total-triage” system that is a choice given to them by the government to abandon patient care in favour of increased subsidies. I probably don’t need to explain at this point; they took the subsidies! They don’t care about patients, and If they ever did they were incapable of doing anything about it.

Author: Graham Phelan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Graham PhelanLocal Guide · 449 reviews · 641 photos3 months ago

Author: Gillian Smart
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My son should have had a telephone appointment yesterday 10th September.. guess what it never happened.. absolutely despicable.. don't quite know what is going on with this surgery but its certainly not earning brownie points.. we have been with this surgery for over 30 years

Author: Caity King
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
First time visiting this surgery, I was seen by Dr. Simpson who was very empathetic and helpful. He explained everything in detail to me and made me feel very comfortable . The receptionist was also lovely to me on my way out.

Author: Suzanne Molyneux
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice for 24 years and over the last 15 of those years that the quality of care they give has just got worse and worse. As others have said, it's impossible to get an appointment unless you are online at 8:00 a.m by 8:05 there are no appointments left. One of the senior female doctors literally laughed at me when I suggested what my condition might be. I have since been diagnosed with the condition I suggested it could have been however, I was told I was menopausal. I was depressed! I was anxious. I was told to go away and take these antidepressants. Of course I was anxious. There was something serious going on and I was not being taken seriously. Woman to woman, I find this a pretty poor show!
