Practice: Urmston Group Practice
Canonical code: P91006
Postcode: M41 8AA
Google Maps title: Urmston Group Practice
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 77
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Urmston+Group+Practice/@53.4524934,-2.3937427,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487babe007c1359f:0x86df8120b9d69f63!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bac065ed5f23d:0x5e3a9fc28cc190b2!8m2!3d53.4524934!4d-2.3937427!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bxb9scy3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Robin Sumner
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Second class teatment which was a let down

Author: Dan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 stars if I could. I was born in Urmston and was at Urmston Group Practice til late teenage years, moved around and came back and signed back up. It's not the same doctors surgery that we used to know and love on Church Road. The receptionists need to go on a humility and compassion training course because their actions or there lack of are directly affecting peoples health and mental health. The receptionists also like to try and It seems to be a common theme that one or two of the receptionists (not all) do not seem to have any level of care or sympathy towards their patients. They forced me into crisis because I missed a phone appointment at 18:30 when my appointment was supposed to be 14:45. Apparently they tried to call me twice but number was dead. I know this to be untrue because not only did I not get any notifications that they tried to call but I also have a voicemail as well and they could have left a message. So when I call the next day )which was a friday) to find out what's happened and if I was going to have an appointment then rather than the one that didn't happen the day before. I was met with the usual "you've got to make an appointment, you'll have to call on monday" Despite the fact it was mental health tablets that I needed a review on, for them to use a poor excuse of "it didn't go through" when my phone is connected to wifi calls as well. I was so upset after it all I just told the woman if they aren't going to take me seriously I'll do something serious for them to take notice. No call back, no duty of care, no safeguarding, no making sure I wasn't going to do anything stupid. NOTHING. Then I received a very SNOTTY letter from the practice basically telling me off for saying what I said to the receptionist without even acknowledging that had they of cared or done their jobs, I wouldn't have been in meltdown mode and said what I said. So off the back of that, I have sent a complaint to them TWICE about the whole disgrace of a situation and I have yet to hear from them. Not even an acknowledgement. This review is my last hope that they see this and reply to me because if they don't then I'm going to go above their heads as it's becoming a joke at this point. Business are expected to acknowledge a complaint within 3 days and set out within that acknowledgement a time frame of when I should hear back from them. It's been months.

Author: Eftychia Lazari
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Have had good and bad experiences in the past, but my worst ever experience was with a member of admin staff today. Very poor communication/ listening skills, extremely rude during the whole discussion, and gaslighting at the same time. Obviously dislikes her job, but poor patients should not be at the receiving end of this. Of course my query was not resolved and I was blamed for that as well. Very unfortunate staff selection, this is the public face of the surgery and needs to be selected and trained appropriately.

Author: Stephen Jackson
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called at 08:00 today by the time I got to receptionist all appointments gone, receptionist polite but unhelpful, I asked if I could send a pic in as dermatologist professional based on photo evidence suggested my skin infection showed signs of cancer, no interest and blocked me getting to doctor, online they state on urgent cases they will still make an appointment, I found this to be false. I understand it must be difficult for the receptionist but they block their patients seeing a doctor, they then have the nerve to tell you to go A&E no stars for the practice “USELESS”

Author: Paul Chapman
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Paul Chapman3 reviews6 months ago

Author: Pam Costello
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really happy with the care I received from the Reception staff, Wendy was very helpful and patient with me sorting out my details, she really deserves five star's, thank you.

Author: Nigel Woodward
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nigel Woodward7 months ago

Author: THOMAS (Harris Coleman)
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hello there here it’s my new name Thomas. I love enjoy at doctors appointments all best from Thomas

Author: matthew corbett
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No appointment or phone conversation availability for 5 weeks what a joke , staff on desk not helpful at all ,

Author: Paul Dixon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wendy on reception was incredible yesterday! Spent time with me trying to resolve an issue i had, and it was very much appreciated, an excellent member of staff. Many thanks.
