
New health problem

Something I haven't contacted my GP practice about before

New Bank Medical Practice said, What are your symptoms?

I said, I'm trying to make an appointment. I have [medical details redacted]

New Bank Medical Practice said, What do you think may have caused them?

I said, "them?" that question makes no sense. [medical details redacted] is not a 'them', it feels like it's asking about what caused the meds? [medical details redacted] is genetic, tho it flared [medical details redacted].

New Bank Medical Practice said, Is there anything you are particularly worried about?

I said, yes, my [medical details redacted]. Does this 'AI' always ask such stupid questions?

New Bank Medical Practice said, How long has the problem been going on?

I said, I already answered that. Get a better AI, or just let me me an appointment.

New Bank Medical Practice said, Is it getting better, worse, or staying the same?

I said, Staying the same

New Bank Medical Practice said, What has been tried to make the problem better so far? Has it helped?

I said, I'm on [medical details redacted]

New Bank Medical Practice said, If there is someone at the practice you would prefer to help with this problem, please give their name here. Please note we cannot guarantee they will be available. (Optional)

I said, How would I know that?

New Bank Medical Practice said, If you have thoughts on how you would like your practice to help, please let them know here. (Optional)

I said, I already answered that too.

New Bank Medical Practice said, How would you like to receive help from your GP practice? We will do our best to accommodate your preference, though this may not always be possible.

I said, Face-to-face consultation

New Bank Medical Practice said, If there are times you’re unavailable for your practice to contact you, please put them here. (Optional)

I said, I work nights and sleep days. You can try ringing me, but I probably won't answer. I've discussed this in some depth with [redacted]




Bob's Note. These questions are not remotely 'AI'. What is actually behind this? cos it isn't reactive/aware of my input, and seems like a pre-configured set of questions.