Practice: BANKHOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: A81007
Postcode: TS24 7PW
Google Maps title: Bankhouse Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bankhouse+Surgery/@54.6817679,-1.2177101,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487ef384fee3e313:0x2c5a84ff99619a7f!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ef3850e920477:0xcd89842d699cbf86!8m2!3d54.6817648!4d-1.2151298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0wnscz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81007-bankhouse-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lindsay Davies
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned for appointment with nurse as advised by Dr on previous appointment to be told by receptionist dr has given wrong information and couldnt give appointment for another month even though appt was needed within 5 days and that drs "dont always know information". Not giving us much confidence in the doctors by receptionist. Was a waste of time

Author: Stuart Hansen
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Father had a blood test last year as he was suffering multiple issues with headaches, jaw issues and this surgery told him there was nothing wrong. Since switching doctors they have looked at this same test because he is still suffering from the same issues and told him that there was something that showed up on that test and possible long term effects of it could include blindness or heart attack. I have also tried to have a prostate exam carried out as i am over 50 years of age and they have told me there is no need, strange when every push to have people get this checked says otherwise. Do not use this practice.

Author: christopher graham
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This place horrible doctors reather dont know anything about they job or judt do not care at all as I told them 3 times now and hospital told them and still all u get is anything I can help u with well iv just told u everything and hospital for 3rd tine witch takes over hour explain to doctor and he says anything thing I csn help u with...so I give up wots point anymore

Author: Pat Swinney
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lines always busy, can't get thro to make appointment then lines go dead. Not possible for me to go down to make appointment & I would like a face to face appointment not a talk over the phone. Some doctors have a service were if u are a long line in a queue someone will phone you back. This practice has neither of these options....its just an engaged signal.

Author: Simon Henning & Steve Dowson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service - recently moved into the area and they have been extremely helpful, providing a joined up service and liaising with other providers to make sure I get the right treatment at the right time. I'm very impressed

Author: peter trainer
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
never had a problem with any consultant i have had appointment with mind it is pretty hard to get an appointment when phone lines open though they do also advise of when to call and always try there best to get an appointment during the day

Author: Shannon
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very impressed. Recently moved to Hartlepool and registered with Bankhouse. Called up to book an emergency appointment for my 18 month old and managed to get a same day appointment. The receptionist who took the call was so friendly and so was the lady who checked us in. The GP was very helpful. Would recommend.

Author: Gill Handisides
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have totally had a nightmare with this practice since joining the practice Dr Monica only last week pescribed me a medication that made me violently ill for a full week I was laid up goes to our hospital and the nurse who seen me couldn't understand why I had been prescribed this and as for the receptionist's there is one gentleman he is ok but the other two lady ones are absolutely atrocious I'm still feeling under parr now through that medication I feel as if I have been poisened and it took over two years to get that appointment

Author: WENDYJAYNE1970
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since me and my husband moved to this practice. We have been pleased with the service. Receptionist staff are very polite and the GPs have been very good especially Dr Kipling. My Husband had a TIA and they were very thorough and the Pharmacist has been very good with him.

Author: Becky Norman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Someone seriously needs to change this surgeries process’ and procedures. Don’t get me wrong on the face of it their receptionists are absolutely useless but I can only imagine this is down to their poor script and signposting. I’m all for automation and introduction of AI but when it actually streamlines a process and speeds up a service, but when you’re signposting someone to something else that doesn’t work and is ineffective all that does is create an extra problem and another phone call! I could talk about the over prescription mistakes this practice has made, but what would that do? This practices foundations processes and procedures are broke and need looking into from the bottom to the top. Then deal with all the fluffy stuff (bells and whistles) I will say one thing.. there is a gentlemen with dark hair and glasses (reception) that is phenomenal and very resourceful. Dr Kipling is also the most thorough and empathetic doctor I have ever had the pleasure of meeting the practice is VERY lucky to have these two.
