Practice: NORTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A81036
Postcode: TS20 2UZ
Google Maps title: Norton Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 167
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Norton+Medical+Centre/@54.5887803,-1.3108099,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e929129d324a3:0x783d31b566c91285!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e929724a1b829:0x16e3aff1b15ad4ff!8m2!3d54.5887772!4d-1.3082296!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vwlnp_g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81036-norton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: charles best
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
been with them for years yes and found them very helpful i have read bad reviews about them but they help me lot when i needed them and found very helpful i had been to the hospital for treatment and they emailed my results, I had a bad infection on my shoulder which was treated at the hospital ,after asking what was happening to me ,was told that she would find out and ring witch they did on my mobile and landline telling that the hospital had referred me to 2 hospitals for treatment gave me there numbers and told me to ring ,then said she would ring them for me which she did rang me back and told me an appointment as been made and gave me date then said after writing this down said she would post me letter with all the details on so in my eyes the treatment i get from them is second to none from a very pleased patient Charles Best

Author: Jaime Millington
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I apologise if I have the name incorrect but it sounded like Dr Amillio who they referred me to today. I've never had such a thorough investigation into my troubles and he asked me loads of questions with great care and has referred me for other tests which I'm truly grateful for. He was clearly worried he'd gone over the time slot and was running late but I'll say this for him, I felt looked after from start to finish. I didn't mind waiting for the service I received. I felt heard and cared for. This doctor is what the NHS should be in its entirety!!

Author: Kieran
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a great experience with Kath from the patient liaison team. Same day econsult which is also good; but the econsult reply was a bit disappointing and vague. I tried to reply to the email but the email address that sent me the email I could not reply to. So I rang up and managed to get Kath on the other end of the phone who made me feel listened to and actively tried to help me and my issues. She was very attentive and lovely Hoping this means an end to the issues that I have in a few short weeks.

Author: Paul Critchley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
First class treatment from reception staff and doctor

Author: Kim Barnes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
The service is shocking most of the time. My last appointment pre booked weeks ahead from e-consultation 9:45 in th morning over 50minutes late. I had been waiting for over an hour I went in the GP room he tried to up my medication which I knew he couldn’t, asked me what I want well your the doctor th professional you tell me what you advise with my symptoms. then to finally get to point I would need bloods can I go to somewhere else and get label from reception. I went to reception to be told take a seat again be 10-15 mins for my label to get printed for me to go elsewhere. By this time my head exploded luckily just inside. I haven’t been back still need investigation, still in absolute state and no further forward. Absolute shambles. I’m trying to find somewhere else. I work in an NhS dentist our patients would be furious if they had to wait over an hour for pre booked appointment and then get asked what you want!

Author: Jenna McLeod
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The receptionists, staff and drs are always very pleasant and understanding. The communication system such as e consult really needs looking into, im pretty good with technology but it is so complicated to work through. All I wanted to do was to ask for guidance on getting a specific test done and was lead down a dead end each time, despite following the receptionists instructions (not their fault). The process for requesting medical appointments is relatively good but I really do worry for those people who cant deal with technology. The e consul usually opens at 8:30 and quite often by 8:50 it is closed due to high demand, can this not be open throughout the opening hours for non urgent requests? When having tests and referrals across the different services, surely all the documents should be linked to the patients portal. Ive had tests carried out at different hospitals and the results dont appear to get linked to my GP account.

Author: Lisa
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tried E consultation just after 8am which I found easy to use. Got a phone call at 10am and was offered an appointment 2 days later. Didn’t know they now don’t close on a Thursday anymore which is good. Staff pleasant and the doctor I seen was very helpful. Have no complaints and hopefully the excellent service continues

Author: Anna B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I can't put no stars so one will do. I can't believe how appalling this surgery actually is. Firstly this isn't my real name because I know someone who complained and was asked to leave the surgery. I plan on doing so. You just can't get to see a Dr and in the rare occasion you do, it's a Dr not registered there and aren't very good. I had to wait weeks for a blood test (that was recommended by the hospital) until I kicked up a fuss, then one miraculously appeared the next day. You go in and most of the time it's almost empty of patients, how? With 16,000 patients I'd say it should be busy every day! One receptionist is particularly patronising and will not help, but the others are generally friendly. The phone regularly can't take any more calls, it's very difficult to get through. Econsult time ends too soon. They play havoc with your mental health. It's no wonder it was or still is I'm not sure, under special measures for illegally not allowed access to a Dr. Obviously they don't listen to reviews but they are still taking patients on, with already 16,000 patients. At A and E and at the hospital NMC are well known for being poor.

Author: Sugar Shack
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
On hold for years and still no appointment

Author: Phoebe Mccabe
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid. They do not answer the phone, rang at 11 o’clock to be told the phone queue is full try again later yet they shut at 12 for 3 hours how does that work! Tried to sort an econsult out online yet they only have a certain section open. Trying to be seen by them is next to impossible, do not care about your health.
