Practice: LINTHORPE SURGERY
Canonical code: A81026
Postcode: TS5 6HA
Google Maps title: Linthorpe Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 145
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Linthorpe+Surgery/@54.5633134,-1.2441278,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487eed1ee828dda9:0xb60c5c41019cedb5!8m2!3d54.5633103!4d-1.2415475!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1txfnqjy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81026-linthorpe-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jess Briggs
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
After completing an e consult I received a same day response informing me my prescription has been done and was called by a lovely receptionist Pippa informing me it was sent over to collect she is a credit to the team couldn’t be happier with this practice very happy with the service

Author: Sam Harrison
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Don't bother replying to e consults, it says 2 days is the max time for them to reply, end of day 3 now they haven't even bothered to reply

Author: Elijah Karl Wyatt
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I do like the surgery when they are working and on board however, this use E-consult and making appointments online is pathetic, half the time it tells you to go to hospital when all I'm after is medications. why is a computer telling me I need a hospital when all I need is to speak to a human. However not the humans behind the reception desk (applies to most), They are rude and really couldn't care, some of them even act like they are the Doctor or Nurse prac. Why should a receptionist know my problems? It feels really confidentiality breaking. You know I tell you what's wrong half the waiting room hears. Oh and self check in when you get to the Docotrs. Why have a receptionist when all they do is point you to a screen and tell you to book yourself in? You going to pay us for their jobs??? Seems unlikely. Don't even give you chance to tell them what's wrong before they jump down your throat and tell you you are wrong. It wastes more NHS time to send someone to a hospital for a nurse to do a Dr's Job! Better still why have Doctors Surgeries? 9/10 they send you to A&E or Hospital anyway. It's pathetic how the Doctors Surgery's in the UK are failing or failed. You could also save time by getting Doctors to takes bloods I'm sure they train for that? I mean you could cut waiting times in half if the Doctor thinks you needs blood just take them there and then and not come back in 2 weeks time??? Or whats the point in giveing us a time slot and being in the waiting room on time and yet still being 15 minuets late to my appointment because the Medical professionals aren't on time. Yet they can't help you if and when you're late?

Author: Bernie Carr
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since I was diagnosed with breast cancer, Linthorpe surgery have been excellent. In particular, Dr Alberti, Dr A Heyward and Dr Chahal. They have helped and supported me through the illness. I could not have asked for better care.

Author: Mir Parwani
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No wonder they got less stars they play with their patients they sent me to the pharmacy three times in five days still my prescription is not issued I don’t know how long it takes I’m in pain every time I ring them they say go to the pharmacy and get your medicine when I go to the pharmacy they say we haven’t received anything from your doctor

Author: Syma Zafar
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst experience ever after surgery did not have any appointments for me for my wound packing/dressing left me to contact 111. Been with them for years but recently everything has gone downhill can’t even get appointments even for tests have to wait for months. Changed my surgery at peace now glad to leave them.

Author: john butler
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A fantastic doctors surgery, the level of care from both linthorpe and north ormesby surgery’s are second to none

Author: Janet Beament
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Janet Beament7 reviews6 months ago

Author: Colin Patterson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery is hopeless came for a blood testbecause I have had a stroke 20months ago he did a test for thyroid and liver function??? Refused to do a test for prostrate. No check for colestral??? I have been waiting for a face to face appointment for 4 weeks they say that they arevery busy but when I was having bloods done surgery was empty. What a terrible state of affairs to have not had a check up or been seen for over 20months by a doctor. CJP

Author: Ruby Ali
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Surgery is spot on one of the best in Middlesbrough
