Practice: THE DISCOVERY PRACTICE
Canonical code: A81064
Postcode: TS1 2NX
Google Maps title: The Discovery Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Discovery+Practice/@54.5754195,-1.2386575,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487eed1164a68fbd:0xa8274d105830aa48!4m8!3m7!1s0x487eed11820db803:0x3bf53cef4cfbb47b!8m2!3d54.5754164!4d-1.2360772!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wtbtg6w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81064-the-discovery-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Racheal Breen
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionists are awful, cant see a doctor.

Author: Amenze Otakponmwenhi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst service I have ever had. Lack of empathy and kindness for a GP practice. Poor conduct and communication.

Author: Nelu Florea
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Nelu Florea3 months ago

Author: jo sells
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have not seen a Doctor from this practice in years and I am 83 years of age. I have more chance of seeing the vet with my dog even though I have to pay. Reception are very good and always polite. I got a text regarding how frail I am and to answer questions. I thought it was a joke so did not reply. Then they sent it again and I did reply how do I know I am not a doctor so I have to diagnose myself these days. I order my prescriptions on line and my chemist delivers but that takes a full week Apart from that I am still alive and kicking.

Author: Mechanical Jobs Done Felix
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless better of just hoping for the best than using this GP. Last year I was incorrectly diagnosed by a doctor at this surgery, which resulted in me being taken to hospital after getting a incorrectly diagnosed. The doctor wasn't even able to ascertain a tempreture of over 40°c was a high fever. Today I tried to get a appointment urgently as its urgently required, to be offered a phone appointment in almost 2 weeks, by which time I will no longer require a appointment as I needed help today at 8am when I called after waiting all weekend for it to open. Absolutely useless. They do not care about their patients or their health, I'm not even certain if the doctors are qualified as they seem to miss very basic medical issues. Anyway not sure what to do now as apparently it's going to be 2 weeks by which time they will no longer be required. That's for certain. Shame on every one of you working at discovery practice, you should all hang your heads in Shame because the service you provide isn't fit for purpose. Absolute shambles.

Author: Mudassir Ali
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst practice ever, receptionist won't show any respect. Crowded parking and not many spaces nearby. Doctors aren't good. All together they deserves less than a 1 🌟 …

Author: JakaAbdul FattySanneh
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
JakaAbdul FattySanneh11 months ago

Author: Catalina Ipate
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Can’t even get an appointment when calling only using e-consult.

Author: Rama Alkhaled
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Bad bad bad! Doctors don’t take your concerns seriously and receptionists aren’t on desk most of the time. I got mad at them last time i went because i came on time and they didn’t respond to the bell when an old lady rang it so i rang it multiple times for her and they stormed outside to see whose ringing the bell like that i told them how dare you leave an old lady out here waiting on her stick she can’t even stand up for long. Absolutely piss taking. And they ended up leaving me wait for 20 mins what the actual heck.

Author: Rose Fielding
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
The reception team and nurses seem lovely and genuinely helpful but the quality of the doctors is lacklustre at best. I’m overweight - a fact that I’m very well aware of and am actively trying to do something about, but this means that whenever I call about anything the response I get from Dr Nanda is “oh well if you lose weight maybe it would help” - as well as reading my weight to me repeatedly to hammer the point home. Genuinely think I could be struck by lightning and Dr Nanda would put it down to my weight! The best part being she hasn’t seen me in over 8 months and in that time I’ve lost 4 stone but I don’t understand how I’m any less entitled to medical care because I’m a few stone heavier than I should be? In addition to this, the whole country is dealing with a shortage of GP appointments and then when I rang up on a Wednesday afternoon just to arrange a call back for any other day, I’m told the practice is closed from 1-6pm. At best this was a lie to me for whatever bizarre reason, and at worst it’s true. How are people supposed to be seen when they have work? Honestly it’s a joke.
