Practice: WOODLANDS FAMILY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A81046
Postcode: TS18 1YE
Google Maps title: Woodlands Family Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 85
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodlands+Family+Medical+Centre/@54.5611647,-1.3237481,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e92fe8ba67bf5:0xc1d7890167cfe99c!8m2!3d54.5611616!4d-1.3211678!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jkvtvry6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81046-woodlands-family-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aung Min
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Lack of Professionalism and Poor Communication I booked an appointment for a cryotherapy session. Just a couple of hours before my appointment I was told on the phone that the machine was broken so I needed to book an appointment next week. I thought it was understandable even though I believed they could have told me way earlier. I told my employer about my next appointment so I could attend the clinic. Just on the day of my appointment, I received a call but wasn't given an opportunity to answer and listen because as soon as the call came in it just ended in a second. Not even another call. A few minutes later I received a message with a vague excuse mentioning 'unforeseen circumstances' and was asked to get in the long queue and book another appointment. No reason why. I am very disappointed as this was a waste of my time and interfered with my work and risked leaving an impression on my employer that I am making up excuses to skip in person work. I would have appreciated a honest explanation with alternative arrangement whether it's the GP taking initiative to offer me another appropriate appointment instead of me having to call them again as this was second time cancellation from GP or offering a referral to another GP for the treatment if required and appropriate. And I believe it is reasonable to ask to communicate a few days in advance if it is expected the treatment was not possible instead of telling the patient at the last minute and expect the patient to deal whatever consequences. Do better! Because of this I do not have any confidence I will receive the treatment I wanted in a timely fashion, therefore I am going back to my previous GP.

Author: lynne bell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Found myself 25th in line on phone so opted to press 9 for a ring back. They didn't ring back.

Author: Lily-Hope Barnes
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lily-Hope Barnes2 months ago

Author: Roberto Ramadoro
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Asked for informations in November after I got hurt by Paula the nurse prescribed medications now the recording of the call still not available nor the letter from the doctor from the hospital that proves without any doubt that I am right, all of this since I mentioned medical negligence Edited from here They ignored 10 emails and then send a pointless letter to top it up I officially requested all calls stored from and to me they sent a form to fill out with days and time as they don’t want to be hold accountable thinking that that will stop my request not realising that they just adding petrol to fire adding more evidence on how this rude people treat patients be aware if you want your health to be looked after properly be very aware

Author: Sarah Hartnett
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Place is a joke can never get an appointment receptionist rude think they know it all. Wouldn’t bother going here!!!

Author: julie hollingsworth
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Great practice if you can’t get appointment I use the e consult the next day get phone call regarding my problem then they book you in for bloods tests or appointment face to face with doctor, reception staff are lovely especially Jill so helpful , I would recommend this surgery

Author: jamie morgan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Fantastic doctors but some receptionist need to learn some manners as they can be rude

Author: Roberto Ramadoro
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not stand for you rights in there it’s not allowed 😂😂 Allison the so called supervisor don’t react well if people stand their ground and retaliate against you forgetting that her feelings shouldn’t get in the way of medical needs, a little more to add to the lawsuit for medical negligence nice assist allison …

Author: Roberto Ramadoro
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have diabetes after a ton of wrong advice from the Nurse Paula yesterday I was put in dansger by some of the tablet she gave me! playing about with my health! today on a call yet again she was stubborn and patronising not listening to any of my problem just keep interrupting me to try and make a point that quite frankly I was not interested In as I was trying to resolve my health issues I will file a formal complaint against the surgery now as this incompetents are playing with people health how can she get an idea of hats happened if she tell her story without listening to the fact?? What a horrible person to deal if you have medical problems absolutely disgusting. I rang 111 that send me to the hospital urgently the doctor did some checks and told me to immediate stop taking those tablets and she will write a letter to the gp to say this and also recommend a medication that I should take ! If a doctor that never see me identified this with a click of finger why the incompetent nurse that have access to my file every single day didn’t? I think best for all she quit and move on as people like this will kill innocent people due to their incompetence. Shocking is not even the right word for this monster

Author: Jessica Foy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited on the phone for 45 minutes. Reception then hung up on me when I reached the top of the wait list. Rang back and went to place number 31. Opted for a call back, no one rang. Poor service.
