Practice: THE HEADLAND MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A81063
Postcode: TS24 0NZ
Google Maps title: The Headland Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Headland+Medical+Centre/@54.6966838,-1.1857022,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ef4067252fb4f:0xdb3353a7036af67!8m2!3d54.6966807!4d-1.1831219!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc329tzb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81063-the-headland-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lillie L
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
this is not a complaint towards the doctors or the reception team but more against the nurse who covers the TS24 8 area of town sent from this practice. what type of nurse tells a 70 year old HOUSE BOUND woman that it isn’t their job to collect medical samples to take back to the practice?? whoever this was, you made my grandma feel so small and left her gobsmacked. you were sent there to collect that sample; yet complained about doing so to my nana, even as far as questioning ‘where her family is’ . what a horrible piece of work and should definitely not have a job in this profession if that is the treatment you are giving older patients. i will be taking this as high as possible, ridiculous.

Author: Daisy Crump
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling treatment by Drs, my disabled mum is constantly treated in the most heartless and unempathetic way by Dr Ucelli. Belittling about physical health. Doesn't 'believe in' mental health conditions, begging the question - then why are you a doctor? My mum then went on to receive a diagnosis from the NHS, no thanks to Dr Ucelli. She's had poor experiences with the other surgery Dr too, Dr Ucelli's husband, who tried to prescribe her conflicting medications which could have really harmed her. He then told her to choose between treating the two conditions (this was not medically necessary, he just doesn't believe in mental health treatment). No bedside manner whatsoever, no kindness for those who are in pain. There's a reason that there's a pattern of poor reviews for this surgery. Suggest Drs might enjoy a career pivot into a role at a funeral home, they clearly have no business treating the living.

Author: JEAN MARRIN
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have never known doctors before with such a lack of empathy or understanding of patients needs. Even when a hospital letter arrives with them making a recommendation it's ignored. All patients are bound by a practice policy not to prescribe certain medications and you get palmed off with alternatives that are usually anti-depressants. I'm actively looking for a new surgery, despite the location of the surgery being very convenient

Author: Paige Cooper
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The two and only doctors I've seen there are Thacker and Ucelli and they are both useless, unkind and heartless. They don't listen to your issues and just brush you off. Any mental health issues get dismissed and they even tell you that you're just making it all up in your head. They should not be practicing doctors.

Author: Derrick Baker
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to get to speak to a doctor. They do their best to fob you off.

Author: Claire clark
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went for my bloods lovely friendly staff

Author: Miquel Maceo
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Visited the medical center for micro surgery on my toe, first surgery I've ever had and was in and out in less than 15 minutes,staff are friendly and very helpful (I was terrified before going in) Within minutes I spoke to the nurse and was assured I would be fine and she was right, Thankful for our NHS and all their staff ❤️🙌

Author: shaun haller
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to get an appointment tday and was just met with bad attitude from the reception ended up phoning 111 there's a signing the doctors about abusing staff it's the other way round at this practice

Author: Sam Appleby
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors in here have poor level of care. It’s got to the point now were I’d rather just suffer than ring them. Both can be rude and they do not listen. Speaking to them makes me depressed. Knowing they won’t treat me or get me the help when needed. Honestly what’s the point in them at all. Receptionist’s in here have a serious attitude problem. They like to hang around on the phone chewing your ear off for ages just because they like an argument and want to take their bad day out on someone else. One called Laura has been the worst to deal with to date. People like this should be working alone. Not dealing with patients with mental health struggles and other medical issues causing them more harm to their health.

Author: Andy Minister
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgraceful service, to think this is what we the public pay for 😩 …
