Practice: ALMA MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A81067
Postcode: TS18 2BP
Google Maps title: Alma Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 87
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Alma+Medical+Centre/@54.569563,-1.3202262,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e92f09d2cf355:0x3bc1daaaa406cbb9!8m2!3d54.5695599!4d-1.3176459!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v2yyffv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81067-alma-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Jones
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience so far. My wife and I transferred from the Eaglescliffe Health Centre 18 months ago. To date we have found the service at ALMA very efficient. We all have to be realistic, this is not private medical care, you are not offered a free cappuccino but equally you don't get a £200 bill for a consultation either. Too many people abuse the NHS system, they book an appointment and then fail to attend without having the courtesy to cancel the appointment which could be given to someone else. People arrive late and still expect to be seen. Pharmacies have expensive medications sat on their shelves which are never collected. I have friends who live in other parts of the country and have listened to their comments about their GP practice, I can therefore assure you ALMA is excellent by comparison. The NHS system and its dedicated staff should be treated with the respect they deserve.

Author: Brian Dixon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely apauling receptionist. Zero manners zero respect and zero bedside manner. Doctor come and go without passing notes so you are left in a never ending cycle.

Author: Jackie Elliott
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke take hours for them to answer th e phone yet when you visit surgery they don't look that busy sick of wasting my time and money on.phone calls .I have now left this surgery due inadequate care all the receptionists say is go to urgent care no duty of care what so ever . The place has changed dramatically since Dr Barlow retired . Glad me and my family are out of the place absolute disgrace !!!

Author: Albert Sturdy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Albert Sturdy4 months ago

Author: Steve Imberg
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
As a result of spending days simply trying to get through to the receptionist, (this was not a one-off), I've sadly decided to leave this practice, after many years. My 3 stars reflect the fact that I have no complaints about the doctors, medical staff or even the receptionists. However the mechanisms for getting an appointment are sadly lacking. So yesterday, I contacted another practice! I got through on the telephone swiftly, was regularly informed of my position in the cue, and spoke to a receptionist within a few minutes. This is in stark contrast to getting a constant busy message for nearly 6 days (2 of these were the weekend) and then eventually when I did get through, being left in a cue for around 30 minutes, with no indication as to my position in that cue. Previous attempts to book appointments have been equally arduous and frustrating. This is in contrast to my new surgery where I was registered within hours of submitting my transfer request! I then phoned the following morning, explained my needs and was phoned back with 90 minutes and an appointment was arranged. I arrived on time and was seen swiftly. This just goes to prove that it is possible to run a surgery where getting an appointment does not feel like playing the lottery while moving through a mine field. I hope that Alma Street will review their booking practices and improve the experience because, as has been proven, it is possible and would greatly improve the patient experience. In fairness, before COVID I would have rated them excellent, but this appears to be still being used as an excuse for the poor front end service they now provide. I hope improvements are made as the decidated staff should not have their efforts compromised by a failed booking system, not to mention that your patients deserve better.

Author: catherine miller
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Too long to wait for doctor, always. Last week seven of us were waiting outside the locked door for 30mins and when she unlocked it she said there's no doctors available atall! I was gobsmacked and everyone else was too..

Author: francesca
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It can be a bit awkward to find (not used to the area) but the staff are absolutely lovely and the surgery itself is spotlessly clean. The waiting area is spacious with comfortable seating. The receptionist was helpful and managed to get a same day appointment (last time I got one of those at my old Dr's was in 2010s!!). Glad I moved medical practices

Author: dave muldowney
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alison was amazing. Quick diagnosis that has made a massive impact on my quality of life. Cannot thank her enough. I don't go to docs very often but next time I need to go I will ask for Alison before anyone else

Author: nettie bammy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
no problems with the service i get month medication the prescriptions for which is sent direct the the pharmacy everyone posting the complaints here obviously have internet access so why cant they book appointments and request medications via the system on line service

Author: Helen Gillingham
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid !!! Worst Drs, -( dirty ) unprofessional mindless staff- receptionist think they are above their position. Drs, don’t have a clue about health problems. Don’t register here….
