Practice: NEWLANDS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A81035
Postcode: TS1 3RX
Google Maps title: Newlands Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Newlands+Medical+Centre/@54.571921,-1.2288701,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487eed104a8ac4a9:0xc5e0d406d798d331!8m2!3d54.5719179!4d-1.2262898!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj2n0k2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81035-newlands-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: yvette sheekey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this surgery for well over 40 years and it has gotten worse and worse. It is impossible to get an appointment, even when desperate for medical care. Looking at other reviews, its certainly not just me that feels this way. I have called 8am every working day for last 3 weeks trying to get an appointment, and after being on hold for at least 30 mins each time, have been told 'no appointments left'. When ive expressed my frustration and that i am now desperate to see someone, ive been given the tel no for 'The Crisis Team' 😳 Shocking!!

Author: Emma Alberti
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kind staff - very happy with the care

Author: Susan Clements
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Desk staff are unfailingly helpful and pleasant. Overall we are very satisfied with the good care we receive,

Author: stephen whitehead
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been in Newlands medical Centre when rude and disgruntled patients who can’t get there own way so they give negative feedback. Ive been with Newlands since they where at Cleveland Centre I have never in all that time been spoken rude to. In fact they’ve always been polite and extremely helpful wether on the phone or been in the surgery. Stop knocking people who are only trying there best for you

Author: Lee Golden
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had go go back several times to report a lump in my neck, no physical examination, I was told constantly there was nothing visible. Eventually got an MRi scan at the hospital and told the area where I reportedthe lump was clear only to find out two years later there was a benign tumour on the scan but it wasn't in the area I had reported the lump. it was about an inch below. I'd sack at least 80% of the Doctors in this surgery! completely self absorbed in their own social lives!

Author: Mayra Barrera
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They never have time for consultations and nothing seems like an emergency to them and when it is their answer is to ring the emergency number so a consultation with this GP is not possible.

Author: Ummar Hanif
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude reception lady, “call back tomorrow morning at 8am” is their default response. I have called everyday for 4 days and cannot get in and when I do get through, there are no available appointments! I work and cannot just call at 8 everyday! She was awful, attitude was appalling and just did not want to help in the slightest! How in this day in age is this type of archaic style of customer service still allowed and accepted? Truly awful and is why people are leaving them! Over years I have been with this practice and cannot wait to leave!

Author: sara coates
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
This is regarding an appointment for my father, the receptionist give great advice and was really empathetic she suggested to ring back the next morning for an appointment which I did and was given an appointment the same day, the wait time to see the doctor was over 45 minutes, and my father was seen by Dr Cooley who was excellent, I then understood the wait time as she was extremely thorough, overall if you don’t mind the wait you would be looked after and listened to very well.

Author: Peter McKeone
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Azad is a genuine diamond of a bloke and a brilliant doctor. Excellent reception team also.

Author: Eliano Addis
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve never left a GP appointment feeling so invalidated. Dr. Azam, Naveed showed no compassion or willingness to listen. Instead of supporting me through what was already a difficult and vulnerable time, he was cold, dismissive, and more focused on questioning my choices than actually offering help or support. It felt like he was trying to catch me out rather than understand me. What’s even more concerning is that I know others—including my own family—have had similar experiences with him. This doesn’t seem to be a one-off. Patients deserve to be treated with empathy, especially when they’re already struggling. That was completely lacking here. To be clear, I have no issue with the other doctors at this practice. Even when I haven’t heard what I wanted, I’ve always felt respected and heard. But Dr. Azam’s entire demeanour was so poor that it massively worsened the situation. I wouldn’t feel safe seeing him again—only judged and disrespected.
