Practice: CAMBRIDGE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A81051
Postcode: TS5 5NN
Google Maps title: Cambridge Medical Group
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cambridge+Medical+Group/@54.5546478,-1.251872,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487eecde8dde4dbd:0x20646292c6c0764f!8m2!3d54.5546447!4d-1.2492917!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdh8008?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81051-cambridge-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Hasan Gomazaly
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
My queue position is 2 for 2 hours everyday I call no one answer . and also I had test they told me everything normal and four years after they tell me that was something wrong in the test how could you do this mistake and many other mistakes they seem like they don't care it's terrible

Author: Kathryn Dykes
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited this practice last Friday and saw Michal. He was very friendly and approachable and listened to me. He was also very thorough and arranged for me to have blood tests. I went to the surgery this morning for blood to be taken and saw Sarah who again was very friendly and approachable. She also took the time to arrange for my upcoming Covid boost and annual review to be done at the same time saving me a journey. I cannot recommend this practice highly enough, each time I have attended or phoned all the staff have been polite, courteous and helpful. I appreciate that I can get a call back if the telephone waiting time is long, this has always been done as soon as possible and the staff are very polite. I have never had a bad experience and have been impressed with their professionalism especially when witnessing a member of the public being verbally abusive to a receptionist. I would never go to any other medical practice. Now that the extensive alterations have been completed it is clean and well appointed with good information broadcasts in the waiting rooms and clear information about where to go, Thank you to all staff at Cambridge Medical Group for doing such a great job of caring for the health of your patients. It is appreciated.

Author: Noah Jones
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
Was told I’d speak to a mental health specialist, spoke to a regular GP who struggled to understand me and I struggled to understand him. I can’t agree with some other comments here I’ve never called a receptionist here who wasn’t absolutely lovely but as everyone else has mentioned what was the point in updating the practice building for the practice itself to go unchanged. Everyone charge ringing at 8am and only getting same-day appointments is absolutely insane it’s an objectively terrible way to run things. I went in for my insomnia, was told to download an app that cost £300, told them I couldn’t afford it, was told I’d hear back. It’s been about four months since then so I’m sure I’m due a call any day now. The nursing staff (specific shoutout to annemarie and sarah) and Dr Paddick are the only highlights of this practice in all honesty and it’s unfair their reputation is tarnished simply for being here.

Author: Les Blasco
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice when it was Renwick Hewell and Strachan next door to sacred heart on linthorpe rd.Then it was a very good practice. Moved to cleveland centre still a very good Practice.Moved to Cambridge Road was still a good practice Dr Herbert was my Doctor for years.Since he retired and all drs changed it has just gone down hill.Cant get appointments.Some uncaring receptionists the nursing staff a wonderful. Dr Paddick is very caring and considerate. I was suffering with severe gout and could not walk my sister went in to surgery at 9.30am and asked for a prescription to be made out for my medication was told couldnt do it without seeing dr and all appointments were taken and told to go to A+E a Doctors that cant look after their patients in an emergency is a very poor thing.

Author: Yerram Varshitha
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good treatment wonderful care thank you

Author: rj
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
THIS IS IN NO WAY DISREGARDING THE GOOD CARE GIVEN BY THE DOCTORS AND NURSES AT THIS SURGERY, ITS THE RECEPTIONIST THAT ARE LETTING THEM DOWN This doctor surgery is not good enough The some of the receptionists have a ego problem and like another review said "Gestapo like and always try to back heel you" they always try and make you out to be wrong, it's happend on a few occasions Getting a appointment is impossible by phone , you need to go in person at 7:30am and queue and even then they make you wait out in the rain The repeat prescription is god awful as they seem to cancel it without knowledge and also send it too the wrong chemist.

Author: Jak Peaock
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So I've been with this practice my whole life (32 years) and it has never been as bad as it is right now. Part time doctors Rude and Gestapo like reception staff Nurses are all very good and lovely if you do get a chance to see one. Calling for any sort of appointment for 3-4 weeks in advance is impossible as "you can only call at 8am on a morning for an appointment" despite it not being an emergency you're left with no choice but to try and get an emergency appointment if you're lucky enough to get through before they all go. What ever happened to the 'family doctor'?!

Author: Daniel Vout
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst practice ever! If you dont go down in person for opening time you wont get an appointment! Pointless even phoning! Reception staff are rude and try to back heel you. I've been told by a doctor that i'm overreacting when describing my symptoms and dismissing my problem as long covid, after months of badgering them they finally relented and sent me for a ct scan which shows I had an infected mass in my lungs. I've been prescribed the wrong thing and then told I had to foot the bill AGAIN for the right prescription. I was referred to a gastro specialist instead or a lung one wasting both my time and the NHS resources. I was supposed to be sent for a CT scan every 6 months to monitor a nodule on my lungs to check it isn't getting larger (if it gets any larger then it will be classed as a tumour). Still waiting for my CT scan I was supposed to go to in September, I will be due another one next month! NOT GOOD ENOUGH!

Author: Karmand Osman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Karmand OsmanLocal Guide · 9 reviews · 18 photosa year ago

Author: Przha Swara
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Przha Swara2 reviewsa year ago
