Practice: WEST QUAY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: A81060
Postcode: TS26 8DB
Google Maps title: West Quay Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 39
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Quay+Medical+Practice/@54.685128,-1.221298,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ef383e3d277eb:0xf1e5d4c5fe658c20!8m2!3d54.6851249!4d-1.2187177!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzzz7s86?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A81060-west-quay-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zoe Swinbanks
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can be “first in line” on the telephone queue for over an hour and they still don’t answer

Author: A R (AC)
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phone system still ridiculous. 37 minutes in a queue

Author: Ken McClure
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't even get a repeat prescription ordered for inhalers without jumping through hoops. Eventually got a one off sent for half the amount I normally get only for a text later to say it can't be fulfilled. Guess I just have to get better at breathing magically. Impossible to book an appointment on the app and the phone line might aswell be unplugged. Will be switching as soon as I can. Got even worse after Trory left

Author: BlackRaven
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors is awful, been having ongoing issues and they refuse to address

Author: F Gump
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Full mrns

Author: Jackie Hepple
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My first visit at West Quay Medical after relocating from Kent. After careful research to choose the best surgery near me in Hartlepool, I know I’ve made the right choice. Clean, friendly surgery with a pleasant atmosphere. Booked for blood tests and MOT with Barbara Dolan today. What an absolute pleasure she is. I didn’t feel rushed, happy to discuss my concerns and offered advice. Worth moving to Hartlepool for this great NHS service.

Author: Ste Simo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Ste Simo5 reviewsa year ago

Author: Reg Gant
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reg Gant1 reviewa year ago

Author: D Davies
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Since the previous practice manager Jane left, this practice has been declining steadily and noticeably. From the service provided by the newer GPs, to the constant failings and regression of the online services, to offer less than they did five or six years ago, everything is worse. Now that Dr Trory has retired and Dr Koh has stepped down as a partner, the service has completely nose dived. I'm writing this whilst I've been 'first in line' for 40 minutes and 45 seconds now, at 4:07pm on a Tuesday. It's ridiculously difficult to get a doctors appointment. You cannot book online (despite them spamming adverts on the screens about how great their website is for managing appointments online etc., you can't cancel appointments either - if you can get one! Appointments booked via the phone don't even show up in your future appointments list). The GPs and admin staff frequently violate GDPR by failing to include important information that is discussed in consultations or over the phone with them. They record incorrect information on your personal medical records, they do not inform you of test results but mark them as 'patient informed' and they mark things as 'no further action' that absolutely do require further action. Example: told I couldn't have an appointment and had to submit an e-consult. Was told I'd get a call from the doctor on Monday afternoon. Instead they booked me in for a short notice appointment that I didn't know about, because I'm unwell with issues they're not helping me with and slept through the text, I missed the appointment. They issued a 'Did Not Attend' warning letter for an appointment I was first told I couldn't have, didn't know about and didn't agree to. Refused to remove the DND even though it's their fault. Called that afternoon and was told I needed a wound swab, hence the appointment. I said I'd call back. When I called back I was told I couldn't book an appointment with a nurse for a wound swab because there were no notes on my record to say that I needed a wound swab. So why did I have an appointment and a DND if there's no notes to say I needed to come in at all?! I've had this infected cut on my chin for nearly a month. Do I need to get sepsis and die before it's taken seriously? The GPs make so many mistakes that basic things are drawn out for months. I was given an expired urine sample container by the GP and the lab rejected the sample as 'compromised' due to the tube being past its expiration date. The doctor then marked this as 'no further action' and 'patient informed' without consulting me and I was and still am symptomatic. In the end I had to call the sexual health clinic and ask if they do urine cultures, which they do. That came back this week as 'no growth,' so no urinary tract infection, but I'm still having issues and it's been nearly four months since I went to the GP initially. When I last spoke to the GP we discussed the urinary tract problem, an ultrasound of the area, and my thyroid. In his notes he made absolutely no reference to the urinary tract problem, to requesting the ultrasound be expedited and he was waffling on about my anxiety meds and one of them already having a recent dose adjustment. We never discussed anxiety and that medication hasn't been changed in the slightest for 5 years and 8 months. I'm going to report it all to the Information Commissioners Office, because they're leaving inaccurate, incomplete or outright misleading notes on my records. I had to ask a GP THREE times to add an inhaler to my repeat prescription list for asthma. First two times two different doctors did one off prescriptions and didn't add it to my repeat prescriptions - the whole point of the requests - so now I have three inhalers. Had major issues with the current practice manager. Don't have any faith in their ability to be impartial and it's a conflict of interests to investigate complaints about themselves. I'm complaining to the North East and North Cumbria Integrated Care Board, the Care Quality Commission and the Information Commissioners Office.

Author: Alice Clark
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with this practice all my life. Dr Koh has watched me grow up and when my mum had major heart surgery, he seen me outside the practice and as her GP too, he took his time out of his day to ask about my mum and my mam was a character. The nurses that have been there for many years also remember her too.
