Practice: CAPTAIN FRENCH SURGERY
Canonical code: A82025
Postcode: LA9 4JE
Google Maps title: Captain French Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Captain+French+Surgery/@54.3233487,-2.7508709,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCAPTAIN+FRENCH+SURGERY+LA9+4JE!3m8!1s0x487c8de662ce1cad:0x4fb137291147f4c0!8m2!3d54.3232467!4d-2.7480336!9m1!1b1!15sCh5DQVBUQUlOIEZSRU5DSCBTVVJHRVJZIExBOSA0SkWSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0t7kjw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A82025-captain-french-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Graeme Francis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Graeme FrancisLocal Guide · 23 reviews · 1 photoa month ago

Author: marzena kruszewska
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Yesterday, on January 25th, at 10 a.m., I was at this clinic because I felt very bad, I couldn't breathe. The receptionist said that she can make appointment next week and then sent me to the pharmacy. The pharmacy staff were more responsible and told me to go to the hospital immediately. I had a collapsed lung. The receptionist didn't care about me and didn't help me at all. This is a terrible lack of empathy. I hope no one will have to go through this. Maybe she treated me like this because I'm not British, very sad !!!

Author: Ant Mancan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice has put my personal safety at risk. I made it very clear that my phone number must never be kept on my child’s records, because if those records are requested my details could be exposed to my abusive ex-partner. The practice told me they understood the situation and had safeguards in place. Previously, my email was listed with a note to contact me by email to arrange a call if needed. When booking an appointment, I repeated explicit instructions not to put my number on their system under any circumstances. I was assured it would only be used for the consultation request, deleted afterwards, and that I didn’t need to worry. This week I discovered they ignored my instructions, kept my number on their system for months, and even deleted my email address. That is unacceptable. I am now contacting the Information Commissioner to make a formal complaint. If my details end up in the wrong hands because of their negligence, I will press charges.

Author: Antonio Fononio
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had repeated problems with this practice when trying to access information about my child’s healthcare, despite having full parental responsibility. Social services have previously intervened and told the practice directly that they must provide me with the information I request. Even after this, they continue to make things unnecessarily difficult. I was told to travel a long distance just to collect a form, and now I must return again with ID before they will release any information. That means two separate trips for something that could be resolved in seconds. Other healthcare providers are willing to help once standard telephone security checks are passed, but this practice refuses. As a father, I feel discriminated against and treated unfairly, and they have made accessing healthcare for my child far harder than it should be.

Author: Zibii Paw
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Zibii Paw2 reviews · 8 photos6 months ago

Author: Tracy Hodgson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 stars I would. Happy to hand out antidepressants to 17 year olds with no blood/urine tests first. Surely throwing pills at 17 year olds isn't at all appropriate without checking medical histories and looking at all the alternatives. Very unhappy!!!

Author: Elena Sinclair
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
DUNNO

Author: Roy Carder
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Can’t get to see a Doctor is the main issue …one appointment I had to wait near 2 months …big seating area but never looks busy …what happened to turning up before 10.in the morning and waiting in a queue to see Doctor …Some fine Doctors the best a lovely South African lady who has now a new role mostly a non patient seeing role ….the Practice manager needs to review things I’ve never seen a surgery as empty as this one …no issues with the Doctors when i eventually see one but no patient doctor rapport because you hardly see the same Doctor twice …reception staff always helpful…..shame it’s fallen back initially a great practice but I could be dead by the time I get to see a Doctor …like many thinking of going elsewhere

Author: Varun
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Varun5 reviews · 2 photosa year ago

Author: Patricia Gibson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
You can only contact by telephone why is there no email option
