Practice: ATKINSON HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: A82062
Postcode: LA14 2LB
Google Maps title: Atkinson Health Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 22
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Atkinson+Health+Centre/@54.1101705,-3.2275745,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ca8dce15ca98b:0x44fbe6c7b43dfd96!8m2!3d54.1101674!4d-3.2249942!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf9xzyh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A82062-atkinson-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tej Kumar
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Very worst thing happened about my appointment today . Actually my appointment was scheduled for 12 march 2026 at morning time but they didn’t mentioned time frame that when I have to arrive . When I called after some time they just simply saying that I missed an appointment for 9:20 am But in call they said that they will get back to me when it’s time for appointment of gp . When I went to health centre to know the details they simply saying that I have to wait for until 26 march . This is ridiculous never has to happen to any patient whose is suffering from severe symptoms like me.There is mistake from their side and trying to address it on me . I mean the receptionists who are working not on the doctors . Always immigrants has to suffer after paying tax money to utilise nhs services . I thought uk NHS is very good but today my decision got changed . Thank you for you service Simple suggestion whether it is anyone or any people be kind and respond immediately if they have health issues don’t ignore at last humanity has to survive . 🇬🇧🇬🇧 lot of families depend on people try to understand and make changes

Author: Helen Tomlinson
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Helen TomlinsonLocal Guide · 20 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: John Judgey
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Started off brilliant this doctors when I first went to them, not so good now... Had an appointment got blocked in by a car...So I couldn't get there on time when I got there.10 minutes late, they refuse to see me. That was the first incident , It's OK when they have.You sat in the waiting room for 40 minutes , though I just thought it was a bit unfair And ended up in hospital for a day When all I needed was antibiotics I appreciate that the doctors are over Works at the moment But a patient with respiratory problems should not be turned away at all

Author: Steve Rushton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Not had any issues since changing from liverpool house surgery except the one time i need to get an insurance form filled in by a doctor. 2wks max at my old doctors no problems, atkinson health is anywhere from 6-12wks as doctors class it now as private work so its at there leisure.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Good Afternoon, Insurance reports are not part of our NHS contract, therefore cannot be completed during NHS time, which is why they are completed in a GPs own personal time. As these forms dont fall under our contract we are not obligated to complete them but do so as we know this is helpful for patients. Whilst we do aim for as quick a turn around as possible, its not always something we can guarantee during busier periods unfortunately. Thank you Atkinson Health Centre Practice

Author: Kony Giachali
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kony Giachali2 reviewsEdited 6 months ago

Author: Angie Spriggs
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am new to this surgery but so far in comparison to my previous doctors, I have found the receptionists to be very helpful and pleasant, the nurse that took my bloods, funny and saved me a trip to the path lab. No issues in getting an appointment. At a time when the NHS is stretched more than ever someone being helpful makes such a difference.

Author: lynn Johnson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was supposedly referred to a cardiologist in March only to find out the referral was not sent,this was supposed to be a rapid access clinic seen within 2 weeks, I was the one who had to do the running around to see what happened, not a happy bunny

Author: Phoebe Anderson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist at Atkinson was lovely and polite on the phone, managed to get a same day appointment.

Author: David Lee
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling Health Centre. After leaving a simple yes/no form to be completed for private health cover by Dr Prentice, after 5 days id heard nothing so contacted them, to be told a form takes 4 to 6 weeks. This is despite me having to pay £50 (cash only...I wonder why???) for the privilege!! I explained I was in pain 24 hours a day and the rude dismissive receptionist said " nothing we can do, you'll just have to wait" I then asked for an appointment with the doctor instead and was given one 9 days later. Because of this I wrote a letter of complaint to the practice manager Chloe Lowe, that was 3 weeks ago and as yet no reply!! What is the point of her position??? They happily respond to negative feedback on social media, but do nothing to address patients concerns. My appointment was cancelled by text the day before, so I called them and asked why? there response was " because we'll do the form to save you coming in" I informed them I needed to speak with the doctor about pain medication so the appointment was reinstated. With more and more people seeking private health cover, easing the pressure on the NHS, you would think they would acknowledge this. My family have all been with this same practice for over 50 years, due to their shocking treatment I will be moving immediately. This practice needs to start thinking about patients well being rather than their own unjustifiable high wages. SHAME ON YOU P.s as mentioned Chloe Lowe is happy to respond to negative feedback but my complaint WAS HANDED TO THEIR INCOMPETENT reception staff. Let's hope Keir Starmers cuts extend to practice managers!!! #Jobsworths
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
Good Afternoon, The practice procedure regarding private work can be found on our website -https://www.atkinsonhealthcentrepractice.nhs.uk/non-nhs-services and explains why this may take time for the practice to complete. I also do not seem to have received a complaint about this from you so I apologise that you have had no response however private work is completed in the GPs own personal time and is not a contractual requirement of the practice to complete so all contractual NHS work does take priority. Kind Regards Chloe Lowe Practice Manager

Author: Debbie Johnson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Risedale surgery is appalling, 1week I tried to get an appointment, - none available 2nd week - got a phone call appointment - Dr never listened to me , prescribed something, that was useless to me , in spite of me saying so. Week 3 symptoms got worse - had to go on sick from work - went to surgery - had to beg to see a Dr. - got to see one ,next day - DR no idea what could be wrong ,but took a swab , made a appointment to see gyocologist - had to wait - yet another week , still in pain ,no sleep, on sick from work , phone hospital myself - got an appointment to see gyocologist - more swabs taken - have to wait 2days for results -went back to surgery to ask if I could get to see the nurse , and see if my results were back as my symptoms were driving me crazy , - have to see doctor - yet another phone call appointment made , but not until 19th march. - I phone gyocologist dept to see if they had my results instead and they did , turns out I had very bad infections, was given antibiotics same day. The relief could not come sooner. To think if I had not gone and phoned hospital myself , I be still suffering.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Hi Debbie, I am sorry to hear you are having an issue with your GP practice however your review has been left on the incorrect GP surgery. This page is for the Atkinson Health Centre GP practice which is also based inside the Alfred Barrow … More
