Practice: JAMES STREET GROUP PRACT
Canonical code: A82047
Postcode: CA14 2DL
Google Maps title: James Street Group Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/James+Street+Group+Practice/@54.6447832,-3.5528005,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48632c75ef866a79:0x6ca0def8a520259b!8m2!3d54.6447801!4d-3.5502202!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj7vt3d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A82047-james-street-group-pract.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alan Ferris
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
About 2 weeks ago I downloaded the NHS app in order that I could see my medical records. What was on there was very limited but there was also details of another patients records. That is the second time, that I know of, that this has happened. I made a complaint and spoke to a "manager" who told me that the circumstances would be investigated and that I would be advised of the outcome. Still holding my breath !!! Not expecting contact now....probably all swept under the carpet. Absolutely shocking, don't get bad fettle!

Author: Rhiannon Staden
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Still trying to figure out the secret to getting prescriptions to appear at the pharmacy after I have requested them. Apparently approved means something different because it certainly doesn't mean I can have my medication.

Author: Steve haywood
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have attended the access centre on two occasions over the past three weeks. On both occasions I was seen promptly and received excellent care. Thank you so much.

Author: Rafal Gibki
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m very disappointed with this medical practice. Access to a doctor is minimal and it’s extremely difficult to get proper medical attention when you need it. During my appointments, the doctor appeared to make decisions without even checking my medical records, and the consultation felt rushed and superficial. A 5-minute visit is not enough to properly assess a patient, especially when important information in the patient’s history is ignored. In my opinion, this centre is not functioning as it should. It feels unsafe for patients and I do not trust the quality of care provided here.

Author: Joseph Stead
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
These doctors are absolutely ridiculous can't get an appointment face to face and when I told the receptionist I'd been asking for a face to face appointment since October she came back with I find that hard to believe absolute joke wouldn't touch this place with A barge pole

Author: chidinma aboh
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
chidinma aboh6 months ago

Author: Val Jefferson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very very poor. After being sick for almost a week, and seeing three doctors, being seen by the last doctor, sorry l can't remember his name. It was left he had booked me to go to hospital. But he did listen to me. I am a diabetic, haven't seen a diabetic nurse, since mine left, almost about two years, who was brilliant, actually got my diabetes under control. After that it started to spiral out control again. The last time l was sent for a blood test, the staff had cancelled thee appointment, being in February. I can remember this date, because, it was the same day, as l had a heart attack. This was after seeing visiting 3 or 4 doctors. Yesterday i had to make a second appointment, this was due to the first time, nobody after trying for third time, could not take blood from me. However the nurse tried once, and there was no problem. As l said l had a heart attack. i have being trying to see a doctor, since l came out of hospital, or a diabetic nurse. Now being 6 months on. I have not got a technology brain and only have a cheap mobile phone, who like me isn't very good trying to use the link to make an appointment. I am not sure if l am the on the right medication. I recieved phone call from a doctor telling me to stop taking some pills, l have but pharmacy still sends these. Talking about my lucky husband did get to see a doctor, was treated for back pain, However discovered these pain killers who had also had a suffered a heart attack, and read the leaflet and packet was advised please don't take these. but the doctor said he was fine ,Again he is trying, to see the doctor, about this medication. Another thing is why was my mothers prescipton canceled, by the receptionist, Who did not know about her health, had take certain pills daily.

Author: Terry Rourke
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Used the new triage system to arrange an appointment. Received a phone call within 4 hours and was seen very promptly. Great communication throughout, and everything sorted. Keep up the great work 👍 …

Author: Joe Southwell
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went on the app to order my repeat prescription but only 2 items are on repeat. Every time I ask for the rest of them to be put on repeat nothing happens.

Author: Lexi Keast
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking service. I literally have to go through 111 everytime I have a medical issue because they tell me to use the online service to book an appointment, and it's constantly shut, even at 8am. Then when I ring up all I get is a doctor texting me saying they will make me an appointment within the next few weeks and they never do! Out of hours is now my new doctors as my only option is to phone 111 instead.
