Practice: NORWOOD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A82008
Postcode: LA14 5ES
Google Maps title: Norwood Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 55
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Norwood+Medical+Centre/@54.1197963,-3.2247541,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ca8cf6d9bd06d:0x3f41a4bdd1c182dd!8m2!3d54.1197932!4d-3.2221738!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tc_dttl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A82008-norwood-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Amanda Neale
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Amanda Neale2 weeks ago New

Author: Aaran D
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Never been spoken to so badly by an entitled receptionist before. I was told to expect a call when I rang at 9am. Nothing came by 6pm so I rang. You'd think Id stole something from the receptionist. Argumentative, rude and no customer service at all.

Author: Adam Smith
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Not great, Called to get an appointment sorted and the receptionist hung up on me

Author: tyeisha stamp
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
tyeisha stamp5 months ago

Author: Nott
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nott1 review6 months ago

Author: Michelle Pearce
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Along with others the receptionist is rude. I tried explaining something and just constantly spoken over, not listening to what I was trying to say about needing an emergency controlled drug prescription. I had phoned 111 the night before and they sent a request to the chemist but the chemist couldn't do it with it being a controlled drug. The chemist said someone would call within the hour to sort it which was 8pm so I could get there in time before it shutting as it's an important pain medication. I waited until 12 then went to bed in pain. I checked my phone at 6 and they'd tried ringing at midnight and 1am when most are in bed. I then rang 111 again at 8am and he said the gp would ring within 2hrs still no call at 12 so I've missed this morning's aswel. I tried explaining all this but the receptionist almost made me feel like I was lieing and wouldn't allow me to fully explain and said bye and hung up mid conversation. Exceptionally rude and not helpful. We are not allowed to speak like that to them or they can refuse treatment so why are they allowed to with patients that are ill with disabilities and certain diseases that need the pain medication??

Author: Victoria Campbell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been at this GP all my life but in recent years the care (of receptionist) is absolutely dispicable. 4 weeks ive been trying to get a appointment for hormone treatment (which is not about to run out) and everyday all I get is "phone back tomorrow." ITS HORMONE TREATMENT ITS NOT TO BE MESSED AROUND WITH!!! Though im not surprised...on 3 occasions they gave me depo jab appointments 2+ weeks outside of my 12 week window causing horrible symptoms...again hormones, but its ok, they dont give a flying one....so if you're thinking of signing up...dont bother. You're just a name , reception talk to you like you're a peasant, your medication reviews wont be on time because you can never get an appointment on time, and its tough luck. I could go on with bad experiences in the last couple of years.

Author: RAHIM Khan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been trying to get an appointment at Norwood Medical GP for more than three days now, but unfortunately, no one has been able to help me change my appointment to an earlier date. Despite my serious health condition, the delays continue, and I feel that I am not receiving the proper attention and care. Additionally, the reception staff’s behavior has not been very helpful or professional. I hope this feedback helps improve the service for others.

Author: Amanda Silver
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctors at this surgery are excellent. Receptionists…..well……., some need to go on a customer service course, ringing for an appointment is quite stressful as some receptionists give you the impression you are interrupting them. The appointment system is the worse I’ve ever used. I tried booking an appointment last week and there were only two available so what happened to the rest? Do people who phone up get priority??? Who got all the appointments. The appointment system should be staggered out between 8 & 9am then nobody knows the exact time they will be available. It’s a free for all at 8am ( there should be prizes if you can actually get an appointment). By 8:02 they have all gone.

Author: Katie Carpenter
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Katie CarpenterLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 5 photos9 months ago
