Practice: MARYPORT HEALTH SERVICES
Canonical code: A82032
Postcode: CA15 8EL
Google Maps title: Maryport Health Services
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Maryport+Health+Services/@54.7066047,-3.4970565,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMARYPORT+HEALTH+SERVICES+CA15+8EL!3m8!1s0x48632acf6a5eae6d:0x147b32f1a72de80c!8m2!3d54.706689!4d-3.4942584!9m1!1b1!15sCiFNQVJZUE9SVCBIRUFMVEggU0VSVklDRVMgQ0ExNSA4RUxaIyIhbWFyeXBvcnQgaGVhbHRoIHNlcnZpY2VzIGNhMTUgOGVskgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWOaAURDaTlEUVVsUlFVTnZaRU5vZEhsalJqbHZUMnQ0WVZWV1duVmliVVptV1RKd1ZsUlRNVzVTTWxaM1RtcFNSVmxzUlJBQuABAPoBBQi2ARBJ!16s%2Fg%2F1hc28ph8n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A82032-maryport-health-services.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Naihal Sarfraz
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really nice surgery. Dr jenny is lovely and got seen by dr Andrea yesterday really very experienced and helpful doctor. Really appreciate for all your help.

Author: Richard Scott
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting service, nothing but lies and cover ups to protect negligent doctors.

Author: B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Incompetent beyond belief. Doctors say one thing, admin do another. It's an utter clown show. Place should be shut down, the doctors struck off and a tender put out to find provider. I have a catalogue of absolute monumental cock ups that have happened to me at this surgery and having talked to others it's a pretty common theme. Some people saying it's not the doctors it's the system. Sorry but you're wrong, sometimes it will be the system that they have to adhere to but the majority of the time it's just lack of empathy, stupidity or downright ignorance or incompetence. My prescriptions have been messed up at least a half a dozen times in the last 4 years, that not the system it's the staff, be it doctors or admin. Oh and the rudeness and arrogance from some of them is unreal.

Author: Ian Wilson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ian WilsonLocal Guide · 34 reviews3 months ago

Author: Big Splash One
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since I moved to Maryport in 2020 I have received excellent medical care from various staff at the health centre. Also the receptionists are very helpful and friendly. A big Thank-you to everyone.

Author: Mercia Phillips
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It isn't the doctors and staff , it's the system they have to legally adhere to and since the triage system was introduced it puts the patients at risk , although some may disagree. I personally think the staff are doing a fantastic job against all odds .

Author: wez turner
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors ever. I have insomnia, anxiety and heart problems. I've now been awake for 6 days, been hallucinating, getting paranoid about everything and one step from being taken into hospital. The stress of it and lack of proper sleep has set off my heart conditions really bad and my anxiety is through the roof. I basically begged for help and he said they can't do anything because sleeping tablets are addictive. How are a few days worth of sleeping pills going to get me addicted. They are basically saying it's better my physical and mental health keep deteriorating rapidly and possible die from a heart attack or something than offer any help because I might get addicted from 3 or 4 pills. It's crazy negligence. How did they ever become doctor's in the 1st place

Author: C A
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This was the worst experience I’ve ever had at a doctor’s surgery. The care provided was completely inadequate, with my concerns repeatedly dismissed through medical gaslighting and misinformation. It’s shocking that this place isn’t under investigation. I’m currently in the process of filing a formal complaint to ensure this unacceptable treatment is addressed.

Author: Mark Wall
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
There are a bad service cant speak to a doctor coz they cant be bothered to talk or help they just send stupid txts saying they wont help instead of actually talking to patiences , also rude people on phone that dont help

Author: Skydome
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst doctor service in the UK. They constantly lose paperwork and make mistakes and because of them I waited a year thinking I was a on a waiting list but in reality the bloody reception 'forgot' to send it off. Edit: 2024 update, its even worse now they have new receptionists who don't know what they are going on about not to meaning the new answering machine takes ages
