Practice: MANSION HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: A82075
Postcode: CA28 7BU
Google Maps title: Mansion House Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mansion+House+Surgery/@54.5460503,-3.5906789,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486331e570a7a8a5:0x337aad54ede0ad7b!8m2!3d54.5460472!4d-3.5880986!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v3kgy25?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A82075-mansion-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: william thorne
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Prompt , friendly and efficient reception, and excellent travel service , which had full inoculation records and useful advice. If nothing else, this surgery is in one of Whitehavens most beautiful Georgian houses of which there are many ( needs a lick of paint - if the NHS spends £380,000 per minute it can surely pay for some emulsion paint).

Author: Joanne Kelly
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Absolutely had enough of doctors giving out medication and then taking you off it! No word!? Waiting 20 days for an appointment and I’m pretty sure I feel sick without my meds. 1. All the doctors gave Benzos out like sweets and got everyone addicted and then decided to take them off them. People take fits and should not be given benzos for long periods. They should be weened off. Now people like me who need them from time to time cannot get them because they put you all in one bracket. 2. They gave Suboxone out and people who have never even taken heroin were addicted and selling them. Now they want everyone off them. Never took them and never will! 3. Pregabs are the new benzos and handed out like sweets for people to sell and die off them. I wouldn’t take them for free! 4. Opiates Again are being stopped and I’m pretty sure it’s illegal to stop them. I had 60 gallstones come out of a hole in my stomach nearly 2 years ago and if you’ve had gallbladder pain you will know how bad it is! I swear if I had money I would sue the practice I am so disillusioned I have not seen a doctor in 2 years they are judgemental and I only went the hospital because the pain was so bad. I have mental health issues but no one cares. So I give up I get my b12 shot every 3 months and I am done with them I wouldn’t even go there if I was dying! My sisters a nurse and I’d trust her over any doctor.

Author: Denise Armstrong
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
19 Jan 26 Thank you so much to all the staff, receptionists, paramedics and Doctors for prompt action for both my parents. So grateful for their outstanding professional service. Just cant praise this doctors enough. Every member of staff has been brilliant. Thank you so much. Thursday 9 Oct 25. - rang this morning re my mum. Fantastic receptionist, wish I had got her name as she was so kind and understanding. Thank you so much Outstanding customer service. Rang this morning regarding my mum and they sent a brilliant paramedic to her! Very grateful to you all. Thank you Excellent customer service again yesterday evening and this morning regarding my dad this time. Special thanks to Dr Walker and Sharon who were brilliant. Thank you all

Author: james powe
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
james powe1 review6 months ago

Author: Karim Abdalla
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been there some time ago because of a chronic lower back pain and after going through all the visit reports in my registry the GP said that lower back pain is physiological as we're supposed to walk in 4 legs and not standing up and that nothing can be done for the pain. At that moment I just wanted to laugh from shock, but the "fun" feeling was gone shortly after. I genuinely wonder if the GP also included these words in his reports or decided to omit them for decency's sake.

Author: Benjamin Waller
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing service. Lovely receptionist and staff, help sign my friend up as a temporary patient and got seen the same morning. We were so grateful. Would recommend.

Author: Allan Dryden
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Allan Drydena year ago

Author: Azeem Arshad
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible system to book appointments The people at reception perform poorly and don’t take calls

Author: Charlie Coyle
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Unwarranted rude!!!!! Receptionist answering the calls. I was polite and respectful and should receive the same curtesy- I was talked over and not even listened to I have called 77 times since 8 am and then when I get through at 9:10 I am told to call at 8am!!! And there's no appointments and no advise given accept call at 8am or stand infront of the surgery at 8am. If you don't like your job.. get another. You need compassion and empathy to work in that environment...clearly this person no longer possess those qualities.

Author: Eranda Gero
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eranda GeroLocal Guide · 3 reviews · 6 photos3 years ago
