Practice: MIDDLE CHARE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A83028
Postcode: DH3 3QD
Google Maps title: Middle Chare Medical Group
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Middle+Chare+Medical+Group/@54.8559508,-1.5779204,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMIDDLE+CHARE+MEDICAL+GROUP+DH3+3QD!3m8!1s0x487e7c7099f5cdd7:0xff8719a66a4c2e0a!8m2!3d54.8559508!4d-1.5731568!9m1!1b1!15sCiJNSURETEUgQ0hBUkUgTUVESUNBTCBHUk9VUCBESDMgM1FEkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWPgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11b5pknf6p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83028-middle-chare-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ash Coco cookies
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm at a loss here I honestly don't know what to do, I booked an appointment for my daughter on the 19th of February as she was very unwell being sick high temperature and sore throat took her in to be told it's virus and and they is nothing this particular doctor can do. And that I should not give her calpol for her temperature of 41! I we them went on holiday and she got very much worse her hole body came out in a rash and her throat got worse and her temperature got higher went to a doctor out there and thankfully he actually helped her came back home and her skin gotten worse and her sore throat was still there so booked another appointment that was on the 6th of March and again it was the same doctor. That refuses to help her. She then said her skin rash is Eczema. And given her some cream. I've used this cream for a week now and she's still not getting better her temperature is still high her throat is still swollen. And I know if I take her in again they will do nothing to help her.

Author: Razvan Alexandru Patrascu
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
They are not friendly at all – more rude than helpful. The surgery is always fully booked from the morning, and you cannot even book an appointment for the next day. Instead, you are told to try calling every morning, and maybe after a week or two you might manage to get an appointment. This is very unprofessional and extremely frustrating, especially for people who actually need medical help. I recently moved to the area and chose this GP surgery because it was the closest one for me and my family. Unfortunately, based on our experience so far, we will now have to look for another GP surgery and hope for a much better service elsewhere.

Author: Emma Boyle
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good afternoon Can I pass on mine and my children's happiness with the service provided by doctor edwin. Never in my 30 yrs of seeing a gp have I felt welcomed, listened to and this lady is amazing My daughter seen her today and she is 3 and came out saying "I love that lady" Kind, caring, compassionate and gets to the point. She is a credit to the NHS and this should be shared and her service appreciated Thanks Emma boyle

Author: J P
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not bother. Call queuing system doesn’t work at all. Filled out an E-consult form to be told my issue was urgent so I had to call. I was on the phone for over two hours, got to the front of the queue twice just for the line to drop both times. I called at 8 o’clock too. Absolute joke.

Author: Nora p.
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was really disappointed with the service and the level of attention from the GP. I didn’t feel listened to, and my concerns were not taken seriously. Overall, the experience was unsatisfactory.

Author: Linku710
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The last 5 times I've called this practice at 8am there has been 0 appointments left for the entire day, yet the practice doesn't allow you to book future appointments a day ahead? How is there no appointments left at the start of the day, it makes no sense. The E consult is broken, so you can't get an appointment that way either. The receptionists also do not check if appointments are free at Lumley, they will just say there is none. The practice has been outsourcing appointments here but doesn't check without being directly asked? The receptionist Leanne always sounds sick of you, gives rude responses and slams the phone down while you're trying to say bye. Really horrible to deal with, and it seems like others have the same issue. Why has she not been spoken with?

Author: Ken Parsons
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't understand the hate mail below. I've been coming to this surgery since 1978, which possibly says it all. I have never had a bad experience with them. I can only suppose they are suffering, and consciously or unconsciously, they are looking for someone to blame. Some of the criticisms are wounding and possibly damaging. . ~I won't embarrass anyone by naming names, but one doctor was very kind when I reacted in shock when told I couldn't go home. If it hadn't been for her insistence I would have been dead by now.

Author: Jennifer Wailes
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient at this practice for over 30 years. Myself and my family have always had the best care when needed. The reception staff are always super helpful and friendly. The nurses are so kind and considerate and when I've needed to see a doctor they have all been excellent. I have recently been in contact with the menopause specialists. Speaking to them has really helped me and that's why I'm writing this review. Thank you to everyone at Middle Chare Medical group

Author: deborah francis
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
deborah francis1 review8 months ago

Author: Anna Carney
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give it a 0 I would, my mam had a heart attack last Wednesday. Went to hospital waited 8 hours for them to just discharged her. And told to make appointment for follow up test and x-rays via her doctors, she call this doctors just to be told to call back after the Easter holiday she managed to get thought today just to be told they won't see her and if her symptoms worsen to call 111 again. This place is an absolute joke.
