Practice: BRIDGE END SURGERY
Canonical code: A83009
Postcode: DH3 3SL
Google Maps title: Bridge End Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 58
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bridge+End+Surgery/@54.8593191,-1.5760783,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7c776bde20ff:0x959c7d7173fa6083!8m2!3d54.859316!4d-1.573498!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj912tg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83009-bridge-end-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John Thompson
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saw a relief doctor today and felt I had to do a review. Without a doubt the most thorough and professional doctor I have seen in over 25 years. (Your face to face appointment with Dr H Mukherjee is booked - 8:45AM - 19-Mar-2026.) It took me back to a time when your doctor actually took the time to listen and then offer the best solution to the problem. If only he was permanent. I must also pass on a word of praise for the reception staff who always do there best under incredibly difficult circumstances. You hear horror stories about our NHS but we would be lost without it- well done Bridge End.

Author: Lyndsay Hamilton
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang for an appointment pressed 1 for a call back as I was 18 in line, when they did phone back the line went dead 😡 tried again no appointments left this is at 8.45am, so frustrating …

Author: Nick Gibson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
A very efficient practice with highly qualified, caring and empathetic staff from the reception desk to the nurses and GP's. I understand some will gripe but any issues are part of the wider NHS, not this practice - I cannot praise them more highly.

Author: sanjay hamilton
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors is an absolute shambles. Can never get an appointment. I have requested an advanced appointment because I work away. They know my circumstances yet the receptionists still couldn’t care less. Terrible service

Author: Colin Lynch
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always there when needed. If you go through the right ways (8am appointment calls) I have always managed to get to see someone. I had a stroke 3 years ago and they have always been very kind and caring towards me. And I am very grateful to the surgery for this. Thank you for all you do. I appreciate it is not easy so just wanted to share my thanks

Author: Martyna
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Martyna1 review2 months ago

Author: Rachel Blacklock
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I can never get an appt here - bar from a smear. I did manage to get one once about a year ago, and the GP recommended I see him to keep an eye on things but never managed to get another. I thought this on-line thing was going to help. After I submitted it, they rang twice and each time only had one appt to offer me (the same one in both occasions) and I told them I was unable to attend. They said they would phone back another time to try and fit around my employment but I never heard back. Today I finished work at 4 - winner! So I thought I’d try the on-line thing again. Don’t know what time they stop it but couldn’t request an appt. I don’t get how other people who I work with get appts with their GP and I can’t with mine?? Why can’t I get an appt or do I have to go on the sick? I have a list of stuff I’d love to ask about because it’s so hard to get an appt and it’s just accumulated over the years🙈

Author: Mary Watson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have tried 3 times this week to get a telephone appointment with a doctor. I rang exactly on 8am I was 11 in the queue only to be told there were no appointments available, I tried the next day I was 7th in the queue still no appointments. I thought the government said that surgeries were supposed to offer online appointments but this surgery doesn't. I have given up even though a doctor told me to make an appointment.

Author: Brenda O
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They don’t seem to care about patients and never get an appointment 4 months down the line nothing changes waited in the queue 45 minutes to be told no appointment left then expected to do it all again tomorrow what a joke of a GP surgery

Author: Lynn Robson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First class service from Pam in reception Came to see a doctor was told I needed to go to hospital was a bit stressed but Pam was lovely called my daughter to come Thankyou for your help .
