Practice: CLIFTON COURT MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: A83040
Postcode: DL1 5JN
Google Maps title: Clifton Court Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clifton+Court+Medical+Practice/@54.5211927,-1.5521586,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e9bd04b8c6fc5:0xd40632589469d579!8m2!3d54.5211896!4d-1.5495783!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12htrfqj2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83040-clifton-court-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Viktor Yan
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Lynn for being so kind and professional during my blood test today. I have always had a very positive experience with this GP practice. Thank you for your excellent care.

Author: Philip Todd
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Philip Todda week ago New

Author: Leena k Saju
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Leena k Saju1 review3 weeks ago New

Author: Ian Keith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Ian KeithLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 187 photosa month ago

Author: Liz Berry
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always feel heard and safe at my appointments. I know I am getting the right advice and treatment from my doctor. My doctor is always professional, very pleasant, wanting the best and doing everything he can for his patients.

Author: Gareth Mcgee
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Delayed communication, 7 days before you can speak to a doctor regarding an issue, calls not returned, delayed diagnosis after 2 yrs of explaining the problem is from my heart and lungs am still not getting anywhere. Independentaly asked others about the practice and not one had a good thing to say about it. This is my honest opinion and true to date and not written in anger but as someone whom is suffering a horrible condition that is affecting my life on a day to day and getting no where after 2 yrs. Edited as of 28/12/2025. Now its the end off 2025 nearly 6yrs and getting closer to what it could actually be. The doctors have refused to put me forward for an echocardiagram and a deeper lung function test wich would have been the final checks to see what's going on. I wonder why I was refused ? Tell you why.... because they know ive been saying something is wrong with heart and lungs since 2020 and they know they will find what ive been saying it is from the beginning. Time to find a doctors who are all about the patient and not about delaying diagnosis. Remember I patient cured is a patient lost.

Author: N T
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Tha staff members, that I have contact with, at clifton court surgery are higly recommended by me. Staff are polite, professional, kind and listen well. Apologies are given if clinics are overrunning, hands are cleansed when asked to do so and instructions are followed at each of my attendances. Staff try to tailor care individual to my needs which is greatly received as I am neurodivergent with memory problems. I have noticed an increase in GP availability on SystemOne which allows me to book online rather than via telephone-big plus if needed. Care is compassionate, collaborative and patient centred in the main. Thank you Clifton court staff members, you are appreciated 👏

Author: Caitlin Littlefair
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Kinchin is a credit to the surgery; she is always so thorough and I always feel leaving so reassured. She saved my little boys life when he was 2.5 weeks old after noticing sepsis in the extremely early stages after a routine check up for him, I couldn’t thank her enough. I have also had really positive experiences with Dr Gray, Dr Carling & Mark Rose

Author: Sean Thomas
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Clifton court Practice has been very good to me. I find it so easy to make appointments and the reception team are very polite and tentative when dealing with enquiries and appointments. Dr Kinchen is one of the most professional people I have ever dealt with. I feel I’m a person and not a number when I’ve had an appointment and her care and attention is so valuable. This Dr is a credit to the medical profession and to Clifton Court Practice

Author: Anthony
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Practice is purposely misleading, misdiagnoses delaying treatments, refusing basic treatment, it's obvious to see they are purposely delaying and refusing treatment to myself other patients lying about scans, refusing to send my medical records and images. They are not treating you me or anyone else the way they should. Do your own research, your just a pile of medical data for them to record and to keep you as a little pet customer. I have had to prove myself multiple misdiganoses from this Practice of you are reading this I suggest you get second third opinions from anything this place has diagnosed you with or is constantly prolonging treatment or shoving you aside. Bleeding from the rectum no help Spewing blood no help Multiple injurys caused from delayed treatments. Can't beat from stomachs pains no help A lipoma has damaged by how lower spine area due to delayed treatment and is causing horriic pain through my body testicals a whole lot more. Yet this GP and all the GPs inside keep telling me this lipoma shouldn't hurt. Instead listening to there patient that's telling them it's hurting. How much more evidence dose there need to be.
