Practice: SACRISTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A83026
Postcode: DH7 6JW
Google Maps title: Sacriston Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sacriston+Medical+Centre/@54.8204462,-1.631821,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7e8eacbe44cd:0xbfc68194b8682b58!8m2!3d54.8204431!4d-1.6292407!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6wggrc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83026-sacriston-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tracey
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Far too slow in the pharmacy.

Author: Shell Picken
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been in touch for 3 days, email IF offered is generic and couldn't find a discharge for meds urgently needed, as discharge notice sitting in boxes after I personally rang hospital and next day reception eventually rang them again following am again,district nurse tried to help as she had print out from sane system as did hospital then get told got to order with 2 or 3 days in advance, really!!plus doesn't count when wrong life threatening tablets prescribed but not taken due to checking !!

Author: Ian Stobbart
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The appointment was quick and easy

Author: David McGurk
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
So far its always been quick and easy.

Author: Jo. H
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I live out of area but have been trying to deal with something as the granddaughter of one of the patients. I have to say all the receptionists I have dealt with have been fantastic, they have been really helpful and havent just fobbed me off which they could of done. Today I was on hold for an hour which ok is frustrating, however I dealt with Audrey and what a fantastic woman. She really went above and beyond, she listened to what I had to say and made sure she understood. Its not a straightforward thing we are trying to sort out as its connected to paperwork which involves Durham Council so as you can imagine its never simple. Audrey gave me the number and details of other organisations that might be able to help. She also put a request in to the Doctor although she was honest that she wasn't sure if the Doctor would or could help in this situation as its a difficult one. However she did it and so has taken details and will let us know when theres a response. She was clear and let me know it might take a while to get some news because all though important to us there are other priorities the Doctor deals with, which I completely understand. I really feel this is exceptional re caption work and I wish all the staff were like this in the North West where I live! Honestly Audrey is a credit to the surgery and the other lady I dealt with last week (so sorry I didn't get your name ) have been a real help and gone through all the possible options for me which is genuinely appreciated. They haven't just tried to get me off the phone. Thanks for a professional warm and friendly knowledgeable service 👍

Author: dawn blakey
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
called this morning for a same day appointment, receptionist was lovely. originally requested a female GP but only males available but that was fine.the GP i saw was lovely very helpful and considerate DR Ayeni. we also had another female GP in the room (sorry i dont remember her name) she also was helpful. felt at ease with both doctors all staff are always friendly happy to help.

Author: Stephen Shields
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stephen ShieldsLocal Guide · 191 reviews · 3 photos10 months ago

Author: Kyle Mos
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Holmes is a professional and his skills in history taking and bedside manner are unparalleled. I am happy with the service at Sacriston Surgery; the reception staff who are always helpful and professional at what they do is also the cherry on top. Could not fault the service in any way and booked in for blood tests a few days later- no issues.

Author: Christine Mordue
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had my yearly review with pharmacist Yvonne. She is brilliant, explained my recent blood tests to me in detail, and booked me in for further tests. After our phone call she conferred with the GP and rang me back with his opinion. Lovely, friendly, efficient lady a credit to the surgery

Author: David Robson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely hopeless. The left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing. And good luck if you work for a living and want an appointment. Appalling.
