Practice: SKERNE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A83054
Postcode: TS21 3BN
Google Maps title: Skerne Medical Group
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Skerne+Medical+Group/@54.6540355,-1.4513645,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e8f04e17a7f57:0xbb7cc7af2d369ce9!8m2!3d54.6540324!4d-1.4487842!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fy18cv2d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83054-skerne-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alan Stephenson
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
We’ve only been with Skerne medical for 1yr and so far cannot fault the service we have received , the reception team are very friendly., very quick responses to e consultations and appointments available when needed. Thank you

Author: Brian Payne
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to all staff at Skerne Medical, all branches, for their care since joining their practice 3 years ago. Face to face appointments with all disciplines have been friendly and efficient during my multiple visits for complex medical conditions.My wife and I find the Econsult service excellent. Problems and queries dealt with swiftly.People who complain about this practice have, obviously not experienced GP services in other parts of the country in recent years

Author: Amanda Gillett
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery/ doctors play god with your life, it's truly terrifying to live in this area, knowing how incompetent they all are.

Author: ivan valentin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been begging for a year and a half to do a blood test and they don't want to, they put me off or tell me it's not necessary. If my problems with very high blood pressure, chest pains, and terrible rheumatic pains are not enough for them, I think this GP should be closed, I have never found such malice, lack of empathy and incompetence anywhere. Minus 5 stars

Author: Marty
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is no better than in the year 2000 for all the money spent and all the changes no improvement, the safety screen is for angry patients, the root cause of this is the education communication and professionalism that is lacking in staff, it was never needed in 2000 it was a nice friendly surgery, as you can tell i have more experience than most about Sedgefield i have seen its decline from a close pitmatic community to a bunch of gutless snowflakes that are to self obsessed to say hi in public.

Author: Cassidy Lambert
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been back and forth for 3 months with chest pains, heaviness, palpitations and skipped beats. Submitted many econsults as per what they asked, but half of the time I can’t answer “yes” as it tells me to end the enconsult and call 999. I have received more text messages dismissing me and putting it down to mental health than ever being taken seriously. I have always had so much respect for NHS staff and been brought up that way but I can not believe the neglect I have received at this doctor surgery. So disappointed, and still going back and fourth. I was told I could finally have the test I have been pushing for, and that urgent care have pushed for, to then receive another text saying that they can’t do it and need a referral to cardiology. Didn’t even mention that they would do that, and the text message was sent after the practice had closed on a Friday. Can’t join another practice due to postcode so I’m truly stuck. Hopefully I will be able to change my review in due time and that I get seen to and listened to properly. If not, ICB is the only option.

Author: Angus Fletcher
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very efficient!!

Author: baljit kaur
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Karen reception at surgery always lovely and helpful goes extra mile to be helpful and kind Nursing staff lovely too As Dr's Holland luke and Ramsey Thank-you

Author: J
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely horrible doctor she didn't care what's so ever

Author: john beston
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Ramsey at Skerne Medical Group in Sedgefield is without doubt the best GP I’ve seen in a long time. His interpersonal skills are impeccable – he genuinely listens, gives you the time you need, and makes you feel completely heard and understood. His medical knowledge is clear and reassuring, and he explains things in a way that puts you at ease. All in all, an outstanding Doctor who goes above and beyond. I feel very fortunate to have been seen by him.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you very much for your kind words.
