Practice: BLACKETTS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: A83034
Postcode: DL3 7JR
Google Maps title: Blacketts Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Blacketts+Medical+Practice/@54.5273574,-1.5617307,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e9bc4118c5207:0xa266087b82a4b312!8m2!3d54.5273543!4d-1.5591504!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tffcrwh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83034-blacketts-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ce Ri
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Have removed me as a patient so I cannot request my repeat prescription that I need so I don't get seriously ill. Absolute joke that they can do that without informing you and when I haven't moved house.

Author: Rachael
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rachael12 reviews3 months ago

Author: Mandy G
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Phoned to request some medication for my mum who was away on holiday. The receptionist was excellent and spoke to one of the GPs and then organised for a prescription to be sent immediately to a pharmacy. Thank you for an excellent service

Author: adam kane
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Couldn't fault this surgery in any way, staff always obliging and go that bit extra, they do put others surgeries to shame. they cared for me when i was poorly above and beyond what was needed.Today i phoned for my prescription as i will be abroad next week when its due only to speak with a snotty unhelpful receptionist how oneperson can change the opinion of a service. Some customer service training wouldnt go a miss and these people need think who they are speaking too.

Author: jak Miller
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant doctors overall expect one bad experience with Dr Pearson😡 but no longer see him if required.best doctor in there has got to be Dr Shaw or Dr Bremner. …

Author: Jamie Stokes
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had the snip this morning staff friendly it was fast and painless top work 👍 …

Author: Tom Wright
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Pretty happy so far compared to othet GPs. No 8 am phone call silliness as far as I can tell. Instead they get back to you on a few days. They don't hide their numbers and they leave a message if you don't get their call.

Author: Anonymous 123
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
would give 0 stars if i could honestly. had issues with multiple gps being horrible and treating me like a burden. they do not care about a patients lived experience at all. saw Dr. Timothy Pearson today and he told me i was inappropriate and demanding when i was nothing but polite… i am autistic and he basically bullied me out of the appointment after 30 seconds when i asked for him to give me a second opinion saying he wasnt going to get involved and implied i was being dramatic and shouldnt have even been offered an appointment. i left in tears while having a panic attack. after 8 years of trying to get help for my chronic conditions i didnt expect to be treated with this much disrespect by someone so much older than me. the receptionists on the other hand are always so amazing and compassionate with me. DO NOT GO TO THIS GP

Author: becky reid
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
First time seeing Dr Pearson as new to the surgery and the lack of care/understanding and willingness to help was shocking. He basically made out that im just a " hysterical woman " and that my pain and ongoing issues are all in my head. I left today feeling so deflated and seriously contemplating returning to seek further help as feel a complete lack of compassion and adequate care and im not being listened to. All other doctors ive seen have been great and receptionists lovely.

Author: Анастасія Семента
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Review of Dr. Pierce Unfortunately, this was not my first visit to Dr. Pierce, and each time I encountered the same issues — a complete lack of professionalism and respect for the patient. The doctor ignores complaints, does not listen, interrupts, and shows no desire to understand the problem. During my last appointment, his behavior was simply unacceptable. Instead of offering help, he started being rude, raised his voice, and eventually just kicked me out of the office. I left in tears, feeling humiliated and helpless. Such behavior towards patients is completely inappropriate for a doctor. Dr. Pierce is not only unprofessional but also completely incompetent when it comes to interacting with people. I strongly advise against seeing him if you are expecting help, attentiveness, and respectful treatment. But I am extremely happy with Dr. Green and Dr. Charlotte. They are excellent specialists, especially when it comes to treating children. Both are professional, attentive, and truly care about their patients. The reception staff is also very polite and always willing to help. They listen carefully and make you feel comfortable. Everything has been great with them, and I’ve always had a positive experience. However, my experience with Dr. Pierce has been completely different.
