Practice: BELMONT & SHERBURN MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A83014
Postcode: DH1 2QW
Google Maps title: Sherburn Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sherburn+Medical+Centre/@54.782691,-1.5289678,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBELMONT+%26+SHERBURN+MEDICAL+GROUP+DH1+2QW!3m8!1s0x487e7d5661c49f4f:0x8152c17dda5352d0!8m2!3d54.7784841!4d-1.5087366!9m1!1b1!15sCipCRUxNT05UIGFuZCBTSEVSQlVSTiBNRURJQ0FMIEdST1VQIERIMSAyUVdaLCIqYmVsbW9udCBhbmQgc2hlcmJ1cm4gbWVkaWNhbCBncm91cCBkaDEgMnF3kgEGZG9jdG9ymgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVVJDTm1OWUxWTjNFQUXgAQD6AQQIABAq!16s%2Fg%2F1xpwjbhc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83014-belmont-and-sherburn-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Avril Wintle (Av)
Date: a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
Still don't no why you can't book an appointment when in the building it's ridiculous

Author: Colin Senior
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Rama is a very good GP after Dr Dailey was pushed out. Pharmacists are getting into a habit of future dating medication. By one day. Yes one day.. it not as good surgery as it used to be many years ago.it is what it is.

Author: Agostino Gebremedhin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Agostino Gebremedhin3 reviews8 months ago

Author: James Lee
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I was diagnosed with coeliac disease approximately 5 years ago and after following a gluten free diet my symptoms went away for around a year or 2 and since then I've been suffering with stomach problems, I have attended many GP and specialist appointments over the last few years and there has been no resolution. I attended Sherburn surgery today for an appointment with a young male doctor, as my stomach problem has been bothering me continuously for the last 4 days, and I suspected I might have lactose intolerance. I had seen a nurse practitioner the week before about a different issue and she suggested I make an appointment with a GP to perform an examination and tests for lactose intolerance, I was advised not to cut anything out of my diet until I'd seen a GP. The GP read the notes from the specialist that I saw at the beginning of the year and basically just shrugged his shoulders, he said lactose intolerance is usually diagnosed in childhood, I explained the links to coeliac disease and lactose intolerance, his response was I don't have coeliac disease... my recent test results from the hospital shows nothing in my blood... As if, miraculously, I had cured myself... I explained to him that of course my blood wouldn't show anything because I've been following a strict gluten free diet for the last 5 years... he just fobbed me off, he said tests for lactose intolerance aren't covered by the NHS... when it's on the NHS website, it states your GP may ask you to follow a strict lactose free diet, perform blood tests or a hydrogen breath test... none of this was even known by the doctor, never mind offered... I had to prompt him about the hydrogen breath test, which he then googled and said you can pay and do it private... like I pay my national insurance every month to then be told by my NHS GP to pay privately for a test that their website says is offered. Also, the doctor stated he would discuss with his senior colleagues in regards to these tests and get back to me by the end of the day, he did not get back to me. I went to the doctor because I feel lost, this problem is affecting my every day life, my work, my relationships and you call your GP for help... and they do nothing but tell you to deal with it... I've been registered with Sherburn and Belmont surgery since childhood, I am 30+ now and feel the only way to get better care is to move to a different surgery or pay privately.

Author: Timothy Robinson
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Made a formal complaint about one of the GPs back in October 2022. It is now March 2023. Zero response from Nicola the practice manager after dozens of phone calls.

Author: Alexandra Irina Andreescu
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception is polite and helpful as always.

Author: paul kirby
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy with the staff helped me

Author: Hannah Louise
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst doctors surgery I’ve even been apart of. No appointments, wait times on the phone are ridiculous, your 50 in a queue and when you get down to being the next caller, the phone is answered as the music stops and it just rings and rings, clearly your put on hold by staff and wait even longer …. When you eventually get through, just like I did after waiting 25 minutes, you have to explain your problems and then reception staff deem whether your reasons are worthy enough to be given a slot with a nurse… I’m now having to wait more days as my daughter requiring an appointment to get items on her record so she can have a repeat prescription wasn’t deemed important enough to speak to someone same day. Yet it’s funny I can be offered a slot for 3 days time… I had a reminder for my smear October 2021, I rang they were prioritising covid jab clinics and couldn’t see me and told me to ring back in a month. I did this exactly on the date they told me to call back and was told the clinic is now booked up for November. December comes and still can’t be booked in.. Roll on till June 2022 and I eventually get an appointment for July.. I shouldn’t have to chase this, especially when your texting me to book it and I try and you won’t provide me with an appointment. It’s scandalous…. I’m also sick of having booked appointments myself wanting to see a doctor, they make you have an appointment with a nurse first who then says ‘you need to see a doctor and they then book you in a day later as there’s nothing no available…. My last visit ended up with me being very poorly and in hospital. I was told I didn’t have a water infection, refused antibiotics, 2 weeks later I can’t walk or get myself dressed due to the pain which had then spread to my back. To go into hospital to then be given morphine and antibiotics as I did in fact have an infection…… Covid isnt a massive worry anymore, I see no reason why doctors can’t see patients face to face. This doctors surgery among others is still hiding behind that as a reason not to see you.

Author: colin Davison
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Never known it so hard to get a repeat prescription,been spoke to like a petulant child by the gp nurse.i pay for my prescription so sort it out. Absolutely fuming with the pathetic service.

Author: matt shewan
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thanks Christine for sorting out my insalin problem so quickly. Matt Shewan
