Practice: CHASTLETON MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A83036
Postcode: DH1 5BH
Google Maps title: Chastleton Medical Group
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Chastleton+Medical+Group/@54.7957972,-1.5896608,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7dea44496891:0xb2f4b1d2ac689d1!8m2!3d54.7957941!4d-1.5870805!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hm1y1625?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83036-chastleton-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ghadeer Alshamrani
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ghadeer Alshamrani7 reviewsa month ago

Author: Kayla Ferguson
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The new triage has changed the way patients can get appointment which is much easier than waiting in a long queue only to be told no appointments available. The new form is on the website or wait for your turn on phone for the receptionist to help fill in. It is available from 8:30am for a short while until they reach capacity but because it’s a triage system if you need urgent help a doctor will decide who needs seeing sooner I have to say that unlike a lot of surgeries you can actually see a doctor and not offered a nurse. Dr Turpin, Dr Greenfield & Dr Flemming are very good doctors who I have seen personally Receptionist are helpful Like most surgeries it feels like doctors have too many patients ratio to doctors and doctors workload is very high

Author: Louise Sharkey
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Outstanding service, completed online form and got an appointment within 5 days. Arrived at appointment, seen on time. Thorough appointment with Nurse Tynemouth and felt like she really listened to what I needed help with. Advised to arrange blood test, which I done whilst leaving. Offered to get my bloods taken the same day 1 hour later. Attended for bloods, seen early and done within a minute. Nurse McManus is one of the best nurses I’ve had take my blood, quick, pain free and comfortable. Really great doctors surgery, thank you.

Author: Melissa
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They don’t take women’s healthcare seriously at all, I’ve been numerous times, bleeding through a box of tampons every single day, to be told that it’s not an emergency and just keep waiting for a scan, they literally don’t care. If you are a woman and are having serious issues with your reproductive health, think twice about being a patient here. Jessica Brady a 27 year old woman died after drs not taking her health seriously, although my situation is a different problem, it’s sadly very relatable. I feel very upset and frustrated at the way I am being treated.

Author: Psy Mong Ski
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
*EDIT The new Triarge system they have out in place is absolutely brilliant, bo more waiting for hours in the morning just to try and get an appointment to be told there is none. I know this is just a trail but I hope they keep it in place. My old review was 1 star but bow they are 3 star and if they keep on this track maybe a 4. Thank you EDIT END* Its no wonder its so hard to get an appointment, they make a mountain out of a molehill. What should of been as simple as a single appointment or even a 2 min phone call has ended up being 10+ calls and 3 appointments plus another appointment I am waiting to goto. Absolute disgrace so unorganised they struggle to get dates right even when it's written down infront of them on a note, when asked to fix the issue of the date being wrong they fixed that date and sent it out making another mistake on a different date that on the original letter they got right. Do they have some kids on work experience thier because they have been so usless at times. People don't have time to be pissed about for weeks on end when it's something that should be simply sorted within a single appointment.

Author: Sharon Forster
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon Forster3 reviews6 months ago

Author: Amy
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently registered with this practice, however, the customer service is very poor. There is no pre-book appointment. I was told to call 111 for gp prebook appointment. When you walk in for 8:30am appointment, there will be a long queue. I need to register with aother gp practice and I will strongly not recommend this practice.

Author: martine mitchell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant surgery. Staff so helpful and understanding. Never had a bad experience with them in 30 years.

Author: Morris Phillip Gretenburg
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Couldn't organise a nap in a sleep study, the past 10 years has gone nothing but downhill, from doctors leaving, and being verbal about the issues to patients. The phone system, its almost like they have a months free trial, then switch to someone else - the STUPIDLY long phone message, its unnecessary. Just have a simple, hello - press 1 for appointments etc but have them timed, so if its after 12, send option 1 to a looped message saying please call back tomorrow.... its not hard. Just please please please sort your selves out.

Author: Malcolm Frostwick
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service from the practice today. Made appointment today. Saw doctor. Had blood tests all within four hours. Well done all.
