Practice: DENMARK STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: A83047
Postcode: DL3 0PD
Google Maps title: Denmark Street Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 157
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Denmark+Street+Surgery/@54.5388807,-1.5548553,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e9bb0b2621f7b:0xb27a2b5e7ded78e2!8m2!3d54.5388776!4d-1.552275!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th7xxyz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83047-denmark-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Julie Elliott
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Phoned 8am Monday morning as i had a chest infection. Seen by 9.15 and treatment given. Now Tuesday at 8pm and feel so much better. Thanks to receptionist and nurse for prompt action.

Author: mugsytop
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good doctors,shame about the chemist. Sometimes long wait times.

Author: J
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Polite, Professional, Helpful staff. Accessible entrance however on a camber so a bit of a struggle if in a manual wheelchair. The lock on the toilet is difficult too, staff will help you open the door if you struggle. 1 wheelchair designated space in the waiting room, there is an annex over the road so check if you should be there when you make your appointment.

Author: Sadie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have no idea what happened to the state of this GP surgery. You used to be able to make an appointment over the phone without issue. Simple as. Now you're interrupted by reception staff and forced to use an online booking system which doesn't work. You're directed to book an appointment for certain times and dates but clicking these appointments simply tells you they are unavailable, then you're back waiting on the phone again. Want a same day appointment? Good luck.

Author: Stephen Toner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sorry to say but this surgery is absolutely horrendous. Can't book appointments to see a doctor. Fill out an online form to be sent a link to be given a date/time that you can't make. Call them up to be told that you have to just keep clicking a link every morning at 8am. Anyone that works and commutes between them times is just lost in an endless loop of despair. System is totally hopeless. What about the older generation too? Not everyone is tech savvy and may not understand how to use the online service. Total waste of time.

Author: derrick hunter
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Update. Made an off the cuff remark, "That i might as well be dead and off their system". To which receptionist replied "That is you choice" and hung up. Just as well I dont have any mental health issues if this is how they speak to patients that do. Don't use, service is atrocious. No problems with doctors just admin side of things. Care quality commission report is 8 years out of date when it was a good surgery. They do not take repeat prescriptions over phone now either, Saying request by email but don't give email address, post or app, which wouldn't let me. I have a repeat prescription which I've had for over 40 years now for epilepsy I should be able to order 2months supply on the nhs app. However every 2-4 months i seem to not be able to order it on the nhs app states i have no repeat prescriptions to order and that i have to ring the doctors. But my tablets are listed on the nhs app as a repeat prescription so it makes no sense. I am now out of meds and I know it will take 2days for docs to sort and 3 days for pharmacy.

Author: Gail Ferguson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely infuriating to try and book an appointment to see a GP. The link from the unhelpful receptionist was totally stupid. No calendar. Zero links to make an appointment. Just utter trite. My BP is through the roof, after a recent blue light visit to hospital. I am going to walk in the surgery this week and show the screen shots that her supposed link to get me to see a GP was a waste of time.

Author: Teresa Smurthwaite
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Like someone else on here - I've deleted my previous review from 3 years ago as times have changed. My views on the doctors hasn't changed. The ones I've seen - and my own GP are very understanding and helpful. Unfortunately - some of the reception and admin team are not so helpful. The admin team seem to lose emails and letters on a regular basis. These people have a difficult job, which i really appreciate and always start my interactions politely. However, there are some people who - the moment you start speaking are obnoxious and rude which makes it very difficult to not reflect that back. There are only a few who are like this but it's still a shame. I have several serious health issues so I do have a lot of interaction with the surgery so my view is based on a lot of interactions.

Author: Damion
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Damion5 months ago

Author: Michael
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
MichaelLocal Guide · 58 reviews · 59 photos6 months ago
