Practice: CESTRIA HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: A83050
Postcode: DH2 3DJ
Google Maps title: Cestria Health Centre & Pharmacy
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cestria+Health+Centre+%26+Pharmacy/@54.8516704,-1.6000661,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7c0f02354385:0x59769c3178ee0a88!8m2!3d54.8516673!4d-1.5974858!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tzgj5vq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83050-cestria-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A C
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
If you ring after 10 you get completely stone walled, they wont even ask your name or whats wrong. So why do they have so many receptionists? A waste of money that could be spent on more doctors ajd nurses to see patients... you are told to call back at 8 am good luck if you have sleep issues! When you do ring back at 8 you get an appintment in 2 weeks time, 2 WEEKS! if you question why do I need to ring back at 8 am if you have appointments in 2 weeks, they threaten to hang up! Pathetic excuse of a surgery if you ask me.
Practice response date: 2 weeks ago
Practice response:
Hello. Thank you for your feedback. We’re sorry to hear about your experience and would like the opportunity to discuss this with you directly. Please contact our practice and ask for the Practice Manager or Operational Lead so we can help resolve your concerns.

Author: Chris Robinson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This has to be one of the worst gps I have been to my blood pressure 149/107 and they say it’s absolutely normal

Author: Jacqueline Haddon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service at all times keep it up teams!!!

Author: Lee Hutton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Lee HuttonLocal Guide · 83 reviews · 25 photos2 months ago

Author: Roger Clayton
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I just hope I don't get ill anytime soon since whever Itry ringing the phones are turned off. Very nice urses tho, nurse receptio do at least answer their phones. And may I add, when the web site says clays at six it should mean 6! Closed at 5.50pm leaving me without a prescription all weekend! This pharmacy is a shambles. A bloody disgrace!
Practice response date: 4 years ago
Practice response:
Dear Mr Clayton, we are sorry you have had problems with the phones appearing to be turned off. Our phones are never turned off. There is always an answering system (unfortunately often with a "you are number 3 in the queue" type message), or a different message when the surgery is closed. So if your phone call results in some kind of error tone or silence, we would be extremely grateful if you could let us know any way you can exactly what is happening, because it means there might be a technical problem. We haven't had anyone else reporting this specific problem yet. It may be a new or intermittent problem?Thank you.

Author: Dianne Short
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been at Cestria 58 years, and can wholeheartedly say, I wouldn't be happier anywhere else. I've seen old drs, nurses, receptionists, move on/retire, new ones taking over their roles. I've received good and bad news, but I can count on the support of whoever I'm seeing, to help me through whatever the problem is. Recently, I had the pleasure of seeing a new nurse practitioner, Julie Swift? Never did I think anyone could replace Heather, but, yet again, the practice chose another diamond! She has given me a new lease of life, for which I am eternally grateful. And our nurses are 'second to none'. All long standing members of a great team. Especially Michelle. I remember her as a young girl, answering the phone in the nurses station. Look where that got her... That has to be 20+ years ago? Same with Sarah and Tracy? But I will agree, I hate the automated switch board. When you're 42nd in the queue, but you're on a quick two minute skive! More receptionists definitely needed on a morning. On the whole though, I think 'my doctors' are the best, most dedicated, practice in the North East ❤️ I thank you all 🙏
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Hello Dianne Thank you for your compliment! Our staff strive to deliver exceptional care and a positive experience for all. It is appreciated when this care is recognised, and staff are delighted when they receive compliments or kind words from a patient or their family member. By sending in a compliment, you are helping us to learn about what you have valued within your experience. We will of course pass on this compliment to the members of staff Many thanks Cestria Health Centre

Author: Ashley Turnbull
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I think the one stars are a bit unfair on the reviews. You do end up in the queue for ages but it's because they're good doctors and they are helping everyone they can. Start worrying when the phone is disconnected.

Author: Andrew Watson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No one seems able to answer a phone to book an appointment.

Author: neville riches
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The nurses and nurse practitioners are superb and the reception staff are the best always helpful and polite cannot fault the service 10/10

Author: Anne Lyttle
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service from Annabel in reception. I really appreciated her being so kind and helpful Overall I am always very happy with the treatment I receive from this practice
