Practice: WINGATE MEDICAL PRACTICE INTRAHEALTH
Canonical code: A83610
Postcode: TS28 5PZ
Google Maps title: The Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Medical+Centre/@54.7250921,-1.3805214,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e8bd105534a0f:0x41df6b4a5bdbdcf5!8m2!3d54.725089!4d-1.3779411!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgf2snh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83610-wingate-medical-practice-intrahealth.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Daisy D
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Update 2026 The main change was the unfortunate departure of Dr Dougal just over a year ago. As a GP, he was a huge loss. He was the most experienced and thorough GP I’ve ever had in the NHS. As a patient, it was clear he commanded respect from his colleagues and managed his team and practice confidently, always putting patients’ care first. It really was the dream team from a patient’s perspective. I moved my father here because I was so confident in the care this practice offered. IntraHealth replaced Dr Dougal with a GP, and on the three occasions I’ve seen her, I was left perplexed and upset. I was taught if you can’t say anything nice about someone, then say nothing at all, so I’ll leave it to your imagination. Fortunately, this practice still manages to run with the same patient-facing values and care. The efforts of Nurse Practitioners Kieran Devereux and Julie Hughes are particularly noteworthy. Kieran is the lynchpin of this practice, holding it together to provide excellent care. Julie also plays a key role. Notably, they work alongside and support their colleagues, including nurse Kate, HCA Beverly and Gosia Baines, the resident pharmacist. The front of house staff try their best, and Tracey, who is very experienced, will do her very best to help you. Still recommended but holding out for a suitable replacent GP Outstanding Practice I have been under the care of Doctor Dougal for over 7 years, after leaving a previous practice to follow him on his promotion. He has always treated me with dignity, respect and kindness. Spending time to listen and talk through a complex medical history. I always feel involved in decisions about my care. His whole team have always been helpful and friendly. I would not hesitate in recommending The Medical Centre Practice.

Author: Kim Bamling
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
From walking in all staff are friendly and professional. From the receptionists to the doctors. They listen and they help. Brilliant surgery.

Author: Peter Dolan
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Within the last 6 months, this place has improved dramatically and you can see it with the changes in staff. I can not praise their dedication, commitment and overall actual care enough. Receptionist and the doctor today were fantastic. This doctor is such a breath of fresh air. Even the receptionist, with certain members of this town going in with appalling behaviour and language, the receptionist stayed professional and tried her best. Thank you 👍👍

Author: Ina Aeon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Go to peterlee instead, receptionists are lovely but the doctors, not so much, except Kieran who is great, and is why this review gets a star. But otherwise you’ll end up with Dr. Rude and Dr. Stubborn.

Author: Michael Jackson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
If there was a minus it would be five unfortunately had to leave one star to do a review. Was only with this practice under two months. Never saw a doctor, was implying I was a liar, told time scales which they didn’t keep. Then had the audacity to blame me! Since that I demanded to be taken off their list. After that I have been lied to many times by not just staff but by the so called manager. The worst was after all this they have given out my personal information to a third party, without my permission! I informed them four months ago to send my records to NHS England. So I’ve had no access to the medication I need. My health has deteriorated massively, caring profession (DEFINITELY NOT AT THIS SURGERY) I need cannot/will not get a new doctor as they still haven’t sent my records. The only thing I can find out from the NHS is that I’m still registered with this lying practice! Please avoid if you value your privacy and accusations of being a liar!!!

Author: lex international clubs
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception staff are very helpful and friendly. However Dr Dougal is extremely rude and talks over patients when trying to explain systems. It's either his way or the highway. Will not authorise repeat medication but gives no reason why. Left me without medication at 5pm on a Friday evening and the chemist only had the previous manufacturer of the medication in stock due to him not doing the meds that were ordered on Tuesday but he still refused to change them back to the previous manufacturer just for now. Definitely getting reported to the GMC. Avoid this place at all costs if you value your health!!!! It should be minus stars b

Author: Lesley Strange
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lesley Strange2 reviews · 1 photo2 years ago

Author: Therese Hemchehirlian
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Outstanding care. Have been registered with them since moving to the area two years ago and my family and I feel safe and believe the surgery to be very well led. Thank you 😊 …

Author: Laura Dolan
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Laura Dolan3 reviews · 1 photo3 years ago

Author: Diana Dorey-Willis
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
We moved here recently & joined this Dr's. Their staff all of them from reception, nurses, clinicians & Dr's are brilliant. I can't praise all the staff enough. They are a credit to the NHS. Thank you all. Diana Dorey-Willis 😍 …
