Practice: BOWBURN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A83635
Postcode: DH6 5AL
Google Maps title: Bowburn Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 39
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bowburn+Surgery/@54.7357774,-1.5290742,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBOWBURN+MEDICAL+CENTRE+DH6+5AL!3m8!1s0x487e87b5cfa854c7:0x82b75796b0a18de7!8m2!3d54.7355922!4d-1.5260156!9m1!1b1!15sCh5CT1dCVVJOIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIERINiA1QUySAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tdc0645?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83635-bowburn-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Copia Fees
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Waited 30 minutes on the phone in position 3

Author: Carl Robinson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up at exactly 8:30, by the time I'd listened to the instructions of which number to press i was then in queue number 10! Finally got through to be told there's no appointments left today and to ring 111 or try again tomorrow. For anyone ringing, do what everybody else does and just press '5' but you still won't get an appointment.

Author: angela robertson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited a month for a none emergency appointment just to discover it wasn't with the actual doctor again but was with the nurse practitioner. She wasn't empathic despite me crying, she wanted me out the door as quickly as possible. She tried to prescribe me Naproxen without giving me omeprazole to protect my stomach. Like the school, bus services and other none/barely existent amenities in this village, dreadful. I can't wait to move out of it.

Author: Charlotte
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went for a cervical screening. It was running on time and the nurse (Clare) put me at ease. She had a good balance of professional and approachable. She made me confident that I was accessing good health care.

Author: Lauren Wiles
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I managed to get an appointment on the same day as calling for a chest infection. Dr Hodgson examined me. She was really good at listening and was very measured in her approach to providing a diagnosis. I felt like I was in very good hands. My only criticism of this surgery is that appointments never run on time, but this is understandable on days when there are unexpected emergencies and complicated medical cases.

Author: Amber Clarey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
After being poorly treat at my home town doctors surgery I decided to take the plunge and register at a town over from me and WOW! So pleased I did. All the staff are welcoming and more than happy to do what they can to help you out. I’ve never had a problem getting a face to face appointment. And never been left feeling stupid for my health worries unlike at my previous surgery. Highly recommend Bowburn surgery to anybody who feels poorly treated at there current surgery.

Author: john w
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Couldn't add zero. Phone service atrocious! 3 times rang back per request and was 1st on list (the only person waiting) each time gave up after 10 minutes. Also used the callback system! Useless as no call back received. The lack of competence! They can't even use a 'get out' by saying busy time as calls were spread out at different times and was 1st in queue.

Author: Simon Field
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I attended this surgery approximately 2 years ago about a lump on my left foot that was getting larger and Smaller am still astounded at the answer I received from the Doctor. First off I could hardly understand him, I explained and showed him the issue he said probably nothing maybe wear a bigger shoe. To say I was shocked would be an understatement, after some wrangling eventually got a federal for an X Ray for or as he pronounced it an SJ, to be diagnosed with Arthritis. I keep dealing with this surgery as local but it is a complete lottery to the point I try and avoid until absolutely necessary. As a note the majority of the reception staff are ignorant and one practice nurse is positively rude and abusive

Author: Fiona Cuthbertson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
The service is getting worse. Waited for weeks just to get a call after only being told morning or afternoon not even a time slot! Then I missed the call and tried to immediately call back and waited in the queue for 20 minutes only to be told that I'd missed the second call and therefore had to rebook a call which would be another 2 weeks wait. I missed the second call because I was in their queue! No patient care and no customer service at all and I can see why the practice has such poor reviews.

Author: Harri Sykes
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
After moving to the local area two years ago I hesitated for a long time to sign up for this particular surgery because of the reviews - but I have to say I've been incredibly pleasantly surprised Save for one appointment with a male doctor, every other person I've interacted with at this surgery has been friendly, kind and caring. My partner and I have visited fairly frequently this last year and the regular nurses we see are so so lovely, they ask how we're doing and make friendly conversations and I genuinely look forward to seeing certain nurses when I have appointments (as much as a person can look forward to seeing a doctor that is!) Recently I've had a string of appointments for an ongoing issue, the first male doctor I saw didn't take my issues seriously but I'm glad I asked for tests because everyone I've seen since has been absolutely wonderful! My partner also had some issues with several other male doctors (must be a pattern) but I believe they're not at the surgery any more. I feel genuinely cared for by the lovely female staff at this surgery, I'm listened to and luckily I've ended up with the help I needed!
