Practice: BROWNEY HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: A83617
Postcode: DH7 9YT
Google Maps title: Browney House Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 16
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Browney+House+Surgery/@54.8003387,-1.6723258,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7fec0c87c697:0x10ec9014bed534d!8m2!3d54.8003356!4d-1.6697455!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3_9w82?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A83617-browney-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Joanne Bromley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We've been with the surgery for about 20yrs now. Is it perfect? Nope as no system is. However the staff have always been polite, friendly and helpful. If we have ever had further concerns about our treatment the GP has always referred us further on. I think a little understanding, both ways, helps.

Author: Callum Webster
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Highly recommend one of the best gp practices I've been always understanding and willing to listen

Author: Hannah Draper
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Slow, unhelpful, plays rap music in the waiting area. I've been too sick to work but the best they can do is a blood test four weeks later. The junior GP didn't want to see me because I'm a complex case, yet the senior one didn't even bother to read my notes first. Same old useless NHS, wherever you go.

Author: Sarah Harrison
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist at browney house surgery are fantastic, they are so accommodating and have helped myself and my daughter when we have needed it. Michelle and Marie are so supportive and helpful. I always feel like we have been listened to and helped. Marie has helped me a lot lately. Thank you browney house surgery. Keep up the good work.

Author: carl mccullagh
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
carl mccullaghLocal Guide · 84 reviews · 23 photos5 months ago

Author: Lynne Vickers
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Friday 21st July was 2nd in queue on phone my call wasn't answered for 45 minutes then today Tuesday 25th July I was 1st in queue on phone and again it was 45 minutes before got answered.last Tuesday 18th july handed in urine sample which was sent off to the lab today Tuesday 25th July results still not back I've suggested they ring the lab to see what the hold up is as hubby had bloods sent off same time and his was back within 2hrs no further action required.i like staff at browney house they always attentive but phone issues and chasing results up should be done asap

Author: Lauren Benwell
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been thinking about leaving a poor review for quite some time now but my latest experience has pushed me to it. The system for booking an appointment is absolutely absurd. Your only option is to book a same day emergency appointment, so I've had issues which were not emergencies but I've had to book a same day appointment which is wrong. I've had to take an appointment from someone else who was more in need because there is no option to book an appointment in a week/two weeks because I've still needed GP attention. There seems to only be a telephone appointment option when you call to book, which in my experience has always ended with "I'll need to see you in a face to face appointment". I mean, what an absolutely waste of time and appointments that is. If you could just book a normal face to face appointment like before there'd be no need to double up and there would be more people who could get seen. I unfortunately had to miss my telephone appointment because my hands were tied wrestling my toddler in to his car seat at the time. I called back immediately, although I couldn't actually get through due to a busy line their end for 10 minutes, to explain the situation and if the doctor would call me back. I was told they would send the doctor a message but he may not have time because he had a full clinic. Turns out, I didn't get a phone call. I feel SO let down by this doctor's surgery. Not only do they have a ridiculous system in place with booking appointments, which are like gold dust because you have to make sure you call the second the lines open, otherwise someone else will get in before you and the very very limited number of appointments will be gone (I've called every morning at opening time for 6 days in a row before to be told each day there were no appointments left and to try again tomorrow), but the doctor can't even be bothered to call you back when you've returned their missed call immediately. In my eyes, if a patient has been booked in then the time has been allocated to "see" that patient for that day. It takes 2 seconds to write on the notes the patient didn't answer their phone and to move on to the next one. If the patient then calls back immediately it's not too much to ask for the doctor to call back. After all, the time was still allocated. I honestly dread the times I have to call to make an appointment. There must be so many people who have put off seeking medical attention because of the way the surgery is run, because I know I have.

Author: Paul Gillespie
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul Gillespie1 review3 years ago

Author: Joan Gray
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
This Doctors practice is wonderful. They are always helpful, kind and caring. I have been with them for over 40 years. The new Dr. Is great too.

Author: Abbie Taylor
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Never get through to them usless
