Practice: SEATON PARK MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A84028
Postcode: NE63 0NG
Google Maps title: Seaton Park Medical Group
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 131
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Seaton+Park+Medical+Group/@55.1709655,-1.5635366,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e0da7c2eaf9cf:0xdc9d98c54a65d153!8m2!3d55.1709625!4d-1.5609563!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b6_r7qf2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A84028-seaton-park-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Craig Leathard
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Last year I switched to Seaton park and I have to say personally I find this practice superb. Every member of staff I’ve encountered have been friendly and helpful . I use the on line service , now I know it’s not for everyone however I find it really efficient and it works for me .

Author: Danielle Williamson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could rate this practice 0 I likely would. Dr Bell specifically has caused grave upset following a patronising and dismissive consultation. There is a ‘do not care’ culture at this practice amongst several of the GPs which refutes NHS values. I was not listened to at all, my past medial history ignored and my auto immune condition dismissed. The GP write up of the consultation is then very in accurate and has caused upset. This has been escalated to the ICB. If you have an option to go elsewhere please do.

Author: John Thompson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ordering repeat medication is impossible for this surgery, last month they took 2 of my medications off the online ordering this month they have taken 14 medications off the online ordering. Are you not aware how important medication is for physical health, mental health and pain management. Now having to put online request in to sort again the mistake. Do you not feel accountable, for the stress this causes disabled patients. 😕

Author: Carl Dawson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not only has "Klinik" failed me again with yet another prescription, but also my wife. I went to the doctors at 8.15am after dropping my wife off at work, but absolutely no communication between pharmacy and doctors about meds they cannot get!!!. They are next door to each other and communication is as dire and lame as the klinik app/device. 9 hours I regularly contacted the doctors and pharmacy regarding my wifes meds that for some reason they cannot get (none left at all)... but the stupid pharmacist could not lift the phone to let the doctors know next door. They even marked it as "URGENT" and still nothing after trying. WHAT A JOKE...NO COMMUNICATION AND ON THURSDAY WHEN TRYING TO GRT THEM SORTED...THE DOORS TO DOCS WAS SHUT, WINDOWS AJAR AND LAUGHING AND JOKING!!!!! Some training!!! Friday... nothing. Obviously Klinik rubbish is not working properly. Some people like me are not good with computers or tech. So why are we discriminated from talking to the receptionist.. who is actually about 10ft from the stupid klinik thing and the groove in a shelf for questions/repeat prescription. There was a young Idian/Asian woman there in the pharmacy that absolutely fantastic. A full 20 out of 10. Spot on. But this guy now... he is so slow like a sloth and doesn't speak. He crawls around and he is THE PHARMACIST. I have seen newborn babies move around a room quicker than him. He saw the queue and never said anything... just slowly walked from the counter to one room.. then another room.. then crawled back to the counter to slowly prepare prescriptions. Today on 2 occasions there were queues outside the door... A woman was slowly serving, and another girl who serves came up and asked if she wanted tea or coffee??? Another assistant knew a customer and went to the counter to chat with her for 2 minutes???? Why not serve?????? There is a queue and I was there about 15 minutes waiting!!! Anyway... after constant calling and visiting over 9 hours to doctors and it was marked as URGENT!!! no barcode for asda at the weekend or other pharmacies.. no nothing. Absolutely disgusted and no phone call and definitely no communication. Guessing my wife will probably suffer a Hemiplegic Migraine again (stroke like) thanks to their incompetence again. Oh and BTW... forget the doctors reading the extra information box at the bottom of klinik... They missed mine again. I am out of strong(ish) painkillers now and in pain and struggling to move. Thanks Seaton Park Medical Group for caring over the last few days... KLINIK DOES NOT WORK... KEEP RECEPTIONIST. But I will give a solicitor 10/10 when having a face to face with the doctors. I sign in and within minutes they are calling me in .Absolutely outstanding. I congratulate them on face to face appointments... shame about prescriptions, klinik and communications.

Author: Jenny Mcguire
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I find it very difficult to request an appointment. Writing an essay about my symptoms before I even get to see or speak to anyone. Came down with a virus on Nov 12th, and a month later I had a red raw throat and no voice. Doctor rang me and told me to ride it out until I felt better. Two weeks later I was still not able to speak and had to make another appointment. Antibiotics were prescribed and after the first dose my throat started to clear. Why wasn’t I given these sooner!!! It’s impacted my job and life in general.

Author: Abdel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
AbdelLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 4 photos3 months ago

Author: Sue Jacques
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
On the occasions I’ve had to use my GP practice I’ve found it to be a very positive experience. On filling in the online form with my health concern the GP has rung me within the hour & given me an appointment to go in to see them. The GPs & the admin staff are super friendly & very helpful.

Author: malcolm birnie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You phone up and explain your medication problem which is serious, they took my details then said they would get a doctor to ring . I'm still waiting. Shame on you seaton hirst.

Author: Michael Henderson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Michael Henderson6 months ago

Author: Leanne Jones
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Leanne Jones2 reviews9 months ago
