Practice: CHAINBRIDGE MEDICAL PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: A85010
Postcode: NE21 5AE
Google Maps title: Chainbridge Medical Partnership
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Chainbridge+Medical+Partnership/@54.9637959,-1.7142341,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e77ef1eb105a3:0xbf80952c1ac39b2b!8m2!3d54.9637928!4d-1.7116538!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11d_2n6lm6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A85010-chainbridge-medical-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ahmed Fuqaha
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ahmed Fuqaha1 review · 1 photo4 days ago New

Author: Jessica Denning
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They refused to review my medical records and make a judgement on whether I could have IVF at a private clinic or not. Completely unacceptable as they will have to do the exact same exercise for a patient going for an NHS referral. This will delay my treatment and has caused incredible amounts of stress at an already very stressful time. Another GP asked me who lives in my home with me before prescribing me a routine medication I have taken several times before at a low dose indicating he doesn’t trust me to keep medications safe in my home! How condescending and patronising.

Author: Merp Merpy-merpmerp
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
GPs failed me time after time after time. Can't fault the nurses though, they've always been great. £1000s of debt thanks to following their advice to go private, that they later won't recognise leaving me without any care at all. Which they didn't tell me I could have done under right to choose for free all along. Great example of the 'oh if only they went to the doctor in time' ... When they did several times... Recent highlights: Prescription wrong for months, nobody reads the notes, even after seeing GP specifically to sort it out it hasn't changed, paying over double for my prescriptions. Consultant writes to GP requesting advice/coordination before I begin potentially permanently damaging treatments, GP doesn't read letter, I flag it in appointment, GP is just like oh so what? I reiterate the treatment might not be necessary as problem could be caused by a medication (which they should be monitoring for but aren't) and all I get is "and?". Maybe we could save a fortune in NHS resources and not permanently alter me when I could change medication, it just requires GP to contact another part of the trust and relay back to consultant. As apparently GP isn't qualified to change the medication (and hadn't heard of it before). Nope not interested at all. "Continuity of care". Another NHS agency referral responds to GP I need a referral (one I was told isn't procedurally possible, which the Gateshead team confirmed is false). GP didn't read letter, and when asked about it said nah not worth the bother and refused. Well thanks for consulting me and the (actually qualified, hence referral to them in the first place) Gateshead team. Coming on 5 years the limited mobility and chronic pain that will go away in a couple weeks has been going too. Practice manager is useless/out of their depth.

Author: Natasha Tolan-Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get through for an appointment. Had 4 texts saying to get in touch with the surgery, every time I call its queue number 14 or more. No way to get in touch without calling. Seems backwards!

Author: Karen Inglis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Made an appointment for 10.50 am, unbelievable in itself that I got aStill waiting to be seen at 11.20am

Author: Kelly Short
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Almost impossible to get a doctors appointment. Havent managed to.get an appointment for well.over a year.or two. It's the third time I've had to use 111 during.surgery hours. Do they have too many patients on their books?

Author: Sam Shotton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The care I’ve received from Chainbridge has been superb. Registered in no time and the doctors I’ve seen have been very caring.

Author: Hanover Drive
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery goes over and above to help their patients, the care my mother is given is outstanding. I only wish I lived in their catchment!

Author: Graham Reed
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A fantastic centre, with helpful and kind staff.

Author: Jim Freeman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great Doctors. Fighting to keep us lot going against government cuts. Heroes all who work there. Thank You.
