Practice: LANE END SURGERY
Canonical code: A86016
Postcode: NE7 7XX
Google Maps title: Lane End Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 53
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lane+End+Surgery/@55.0084793,-1.5805021,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e710faa6b1855:0x2854772dda32d14b!8m2!3d55.0084763!4d-1.5779218!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v_0j9ms?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A86016-lane-end-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarra C
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The most incompetent GPs and receptionists I have ever come across. I was due to receive my first cervical screening so I rang up to book the appointment however I was told by the receptionist I was lying about receiving the letter and I should not have contacted the surgery! On a separate occasion I was told I would be contacted by a GP however they never bothered to contact me back! There is a severe lack of patient care from this practice and it is dangerous! Please avoid at all costs

Author: Leo Lau
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Leo LauLocal Guide · 155 reviews · 712 photos2 months ago

Author: Elle
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Honestly by far the worst doctors i have been to and i have been to about 3/4 in my whole entire life (i am 21) i had rang up got an appointment for 10:15 it is now 10:25, still waiting in pain. the person on the desk is honestly rubbish at her job and so nasty, she had been booking someone in for an appointment and then i was behind she walked out of the reception room and then told me to wait there i came at 10:14, she then came out of her room at 10:18 calling for the person she had booked in and told me to “go away” from the reception so she can talk to this woman then when i walked back she gave me a funny look and told me to go over there to book in (new system) honestly have not been here long but looking at going somewhere else if there’s not a new receptionist CHANGING IT TO A 1 STAR. when i finally went in, he done my obs and everything he needed to do anyway, he went i want to feel your stomach, laid down went to pull down my joggers just to get told to leave them and he proceeded to feel my stomach over my joggers he said aw sounds like you’re going to have to go to rakelane for some swabs done it sounds like you’ve got PID (pelvic inflammatory disease) it’s caused by stis i turned around and said i got checked for everything had a full screening not even 2 weeks ago and he went i know i still want you to go and get some swabs done. THIS IS A TRAINEE DOCTOR. spent about 40 quid in a uber there and back cos no buses go there from around me.. went in to the rakelane. said i didn’t need them done since i had them done not even 2 weeks ago…? i am really angry i rang back up the doctors and yes they clarified it was a trainee. you can’t keep playing with peoples life’s i get people need to train but when they’re in pain the last thing they want to hear is you’ve got this you’ve got that and then turns out you don’t. STOP GIVING TRAINEES TO PEOPLE THAT HAVE BAD MEDICAL CONDITIONS WE DONT NEED IT!. DO NOT COME TO THIS DOCTORS IF YOURE NOT WANTING TRAINEE GOOGLE DOCTORS TO TELL YOU HAVE SOMETHING WRONG AND THEN YOU DONT. Google will tell you better results

Author: Al Red
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is a perfect GP if you don't need to see a Dr, you'll have a better chance going to medical school and becoming a GP yourself, probably be quicker to get an appointment, half the time I'm wondering if anyone is even answering the phone. Not even sure they have any Drs are there to be honest. The few times I've been was to see a nurse for bloods and the place is empty probably cause they don't actually bother seeing patients, heck the receptionist barely bothers sitting at the front desk. If you get lucky you might get a call back at a random time from one of their mythical Doctors. Now I have actual medical conditions I am just fed up and will be changing practices after using them for far too long. Wish me luck I am going to try and ring them now, if I'm lucky after being on hold 30 mins I might get a 5 mins chat to a Dr on the phone for a phonecall appointment between 9am till 7pm.

Author: William Johnson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up at 8:30am when they opened to get an appointment, was put on hold for an hour and all appointments are now taken, told to go elsewhere to a walk in centre to be seen instead. Useless surgery

Author: Kaman Fung
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited 44mins to be answered only to be cut off from the other end when there is no wifi nor connection issue on my side. How frustrating!!!

Author: Sabrina
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this practise after issues with my previous GP and the difference is night and day. They have been really speedy at actioning letters from the hospital and have been really lovely responding to my consultations and fixing my issues.

Author: Haitham Safar
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Haitham SafarLocal Guide · 65 reviews · 482 photos11 months ago

Author: Paul Rose
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul RoseLocal Guide · 48 reviews · 2 photosa year ago

Author: Sir William Brown
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Does anyone actually monitor the reviews on this surgery? There are lots of complaints about the huge delays in telephone calls and the difficulty making an appointment but nothing seems to change nothing improves. I rang for an hour the other day to no avail so I walked around to the surgery. There was 2 people in the waiting room I photographed it. The receptionist couldn’t give me an appointment I had to telephone. I rang for. Over 1.5 hrs and then was given an appointment later that week good, but when the confirmation text came through the appointment was at a health centre over a mile away. I live virtually next door to my surgery
