Practice: SWARLAND AVENUE SURGERY
Canonical code: A86041
Postcode: NE7 7TD
Google Maps title: Swarland Avenue Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Swarland+Avenue+Surgery/@55.0066823,-1.580757,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e710f849f43d7:0x2a24d8a3411919a1!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e710f88c14e33:0x4339728c80a3e7f2!8m2!3d55.0066793!4d-1.5781767!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdx_g0j?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A86041-swarland-avenue-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: C Porter
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I was under the care of a female Doctor there. Let's not be too specific but suffice to say her behaviour/actions caused a lot of upset over a duration. I stood up for patients on revulsion of seeing further unpleasant behaviour from this Doctor in terms of a review by another patient in 2024. I was then surprisingly targeted by a member of staff there, then unfairly removed as I couldn't be bent against my will. I know what my experience was - I will repeat it in 10 years time as it's the truth. This other complaint was ongoing at the time of mine. A different approach was needed to resolve my situation including an open mind but sadly no thought was given to me. The Doctor concerned broke the entire relationships/connections I had prior down with the surgery - that makes me very, very sad. To this day, she hasn't apologised. I admire myself for looking out for other patients however.

Author: JJ Owners
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m a previous patient of this surgery and have made / raised complaints regarding GP’s and these being serious complaints that have escalated in various ways, i’m also aware others have similar complaints regardinv one individual. Firsty people should be aware thats there’s a conflict of intrests that exists inside Swarland Avenue Surgery, the surgery is part of a primary care network with many surgeries making up this primary care network, the senior director of this primary care network is also a senior GP at Swarland Avenue surgery so complaints are handled very differently than they usualy would be, I’m also aware of repeated reviews being left here, now some may be genuine and some may not be, i suspect some are purely made due to outstanding issues and are done so intentionally to discredit another. There’s alot of evidence & data of wrong doing that exists in regards to certain GP’s, and certain GP’s are well aware of this and have used various unethical ways/ methods to manage another person who’s stood up for them selfs, its very likely that some reviews are left intentionally to paint this person in a bad light and cause them further scructiny from certain places, certain aspects of complaints have escalated so far that various over sight bodies are now involved and retaliatory allegations were used to manage an nhs complainent. Swarland avenue surgery very clearly has internal issues and some serious matters left outstanding that they refuse to deal with, even when a factual chain of evidence exists that proves certain incidents happend and were left unresolved

Author: Christine Charters
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent surgery quick to see you Excellent all round care

Author: John
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I can suggest people sign up to NHS app if they want their test results and other information as available on there. Keeps you informed quickly. Slow service ringing. Means you can refer back to information if needed. Less burden on receptionists ringing for test results.

Author: Naz R
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could rate this place a zero… Appointments are never available, either next month or never practically. Dont prioritise high risk patients such as pregnancy, special needs, elderly etc. You cant get referrals or ask for help without them being rude over the desk. Econsultations are ignored. When you call back to get an update or get asked by the doctors to call in - apparently they “cant see anything” This place needs investigating.

Author: t t
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible behaviour by young female doctor there. Several serious complaints made by patients, visible online then removed, ignored and covered up by surgery.

Author: Tracey Hall
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient with Swarland for over 25 years and have nothing but praise for them. Doctors are brilliant and so are nurses and reception staff. Always very helpful and accommodating.

Author: Satwant Sodhi
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's a very good doctor's surgery. You are seen by appointment quickly. Receptionist are always kind friendly and willing to help. I love this surgery. People are really nice

Author: Jessica Watson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been a patient here over 10 years, and I've never felt as neglected, dismissed, and as much of an inconvenience as I did today. It has been coming as their care has been poor for at least the last year, but I never thought a GP would ever tell me to find another surgery. During our appointment she GP left the room for several minutes and then complained at me for the appointment running over. I have had several serious surgeries over the years and will have to have more, yet she decided to tell me my pain was in my head and I need to be mentally strong. After being wheelchair bound for over 3 years having seizures multiple times a day, I know what it is to be strong and get through hard times. I am appalled that this is the level of care offered and will be making a complaint.

Author: Ram Reddy
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was recently registered with this G.P,after registration I went to G.p to request for appointment,they asked me reason I said them as they don’t have appointments to book,after one day I got a link to book appointment by myself according to my availability to visit nurse practitioner.this is wonderful experience,I would thank for receptionist for helping the people who visit G.P and I would recommend this G.P who live close to it.
