Practice: BRUNTON PARK
Canonical code: A86033
Postcode: NE3 5NF
Google Maps title: Brunton Park Health Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brunton+Park+Health+Centre/@55.0271117,-1.6294935,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e76b27dad7501:0x46e688f503850dd9!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e76b27de90759:0xaaeabee591002098!8m2!3d55.0271087!4d-1.6269132!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfmmzb0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A86033-brunton-park.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Unknown Unknown
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exceptional service from the practice - GPs, Nurses and Reception

Author: Kyle
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
UPDATE : a about 1.5 years later and I can still confirm that the reception staff do not care if you live or die as long as you do not call in for an appointment I really dislike this place, getting an appointment is terrible, The staff act like they are the bodyguards for the entire NHS. They refuse to give appointments if they don’t seem fit. I have been trying for days and, despite calling right at 8. They are gone and say “well try tomorrow.” They are progressively declining day by day, trying to see someone. The doctor have all been lovely that’s I’ve seen.

Author: Megan Smith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Writing on behalf of my partner, who has been registered with this practice for some time and has always had very positive experiences with the doctors. Unfortunately, a phone call with reception this morning was disappointing. He was calling to request information from his medical history and was directed to an online form, which we fully understand. However, the receptionist’s manner was patronising and impatient when we explained that the options she was referring to were not visible on our screen (she was clearly on a desk top, we were on a iPhone). Rather than offering clarification or alternative guidance, she repeatedly gave the same instructions in a frustrated tone. This was unhelpful and concerning, particularly for patients who are not confident with technology or who may be elderly. Most disappointing was that, as the call ended, the receptionist audibly said “Jesus!”, which felt very unprofessional. A real shame, as previous interactions with other reception staff have been polite and helpful. A shame they didn’t answer.

Author: Al Corfield
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very difficult to get an appointment. E-consult takes 5-10 minutes to complete but each time it ends with a screen that says "we can't safely assess your symptoms via this online request. You need to speak to someone instead" . This is extremely frustrating as e-consult is the only way to get an appointment. It was my understanding that the surgery would review the e-consult form and decide whether an appointment is necessary, but how can they do this if the form will not be submitted and I have no other way of seeking GP advice?

Author: Jem Jones
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve only had good experiences at this practice. They listened to my concerns and referred me early enough to catch an early stage cancer and since starting treatment they’ve been incredibly supportive and responsive when I’ve had ongoing issues. Special mention to the lovely receptionist Mandy who is always kind and patient. Every GP I’ve interacted with has also been wonderful and helpful. Thank you for the hard work you do.

Author: zeeshan javaid
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice is the worst ever practice I have been registered to. They make people wait at 8am in the morning and after waiting for 20-30min for your turn, they end up saying there were no appointments whatsoever anyways for today. And then they say ring at 8am next day but they tell you only 2 appointments are available tomorrow. Their e-consults are never open. And this is not a one off things. Its always the case.

Author: Izzy Amir
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
WORST RECEPTION TEAM! Young blonde receptionist was extremely rude and talking to my mum as if she’s stupid. My mum unfortunately has broken English, something she always states prior to speaking to anyone so that they are aware. Very clear the way she treated/spoke to my mum came from a place of discrimination, talking down to her because her English was broken. Kept claiming my mum raised her voice on the phone earlier when in reality she wasn’t even giving my mum a chance to speak, knowing fine well her English is broken. They messed up my sisters appointment, and still blamed my mum and sister. The doctors are so lovely but the reception staff are some of the worst people you will encounter. You would think people who work in healthcare would be kind, compassionate and empathetic towards patients. Unfortunate that the reception staff are so hostile considering the GPs are so wonderful. Honestly find a better GP don’t waste your time. Reception staff will absolutely ruin your experience with this practice.

Author: Robert Mcglynn
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get a appointment and long waits on the phone

Author: Darren D
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
To be fair I don’t think it’s just this doctors but they’re Useless. I rang on a Friday to book an appointment for a review of my medication and the earliest appointment receptionist offered was 2 weeks time. I advised I didn’t have enough medication to last until then and I’d need a prescription ordered. She said she would request a doctor to look at it and sign it off. Monday comes, nothing at pharmacy. Walks over to doctors and they said it’s still waiting to be signed. Tuesday comes and still nothing. Called doctors three times and they all said it’s still waiting to be signed. Called fourth time and another receptionist said it was only requested Monday. So they’re also liars as well. Outcome, Call 111 and they can prescribe you.

Author: Nicola Halton
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Nicola HaltonLocal Guide · 17 reviews11 months ago
