Practice: BIDDLESTONE HEALTH GROUP
Canonical code: A86010
Postcode: NE6 5SL
Google Maps title: BIDDLESTONE HEALTH GROUP
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 84
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/BIDDLESTONE+HEALTH+GROUP/@54.98948,-1.5799338,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e70fb7d11858b:0x1b2658020e5c2d40!8m2!3d54.9894769!4d-1.5773535!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12cpd558b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A86010-biddlestone-health-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Donn Macdougall
Date: Edited 13 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
A certain nurse was so unhelpful and really never cared about the fact I was in excruciating pain. no examination of the inflamed area just told me to come back and speak to a doctor. I may as well have not bothered on this occasion. Whilst many of the doctors and nurses have at this practice been very good this was just a very your a number not a human interaction. Left me very angry and frustrated at this interaction. Edit - I had a phone call back from a doctor who rectified the situation. and completely made up for the inconvenience, was very very good in assisting my needs.

Author: craig dolan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I dunno why these guys have a low rating. They’re really good and quick to get you seen and the message thing they have works really well. Lovely staff. Best GP I’ve ever come across. 👍🏼 …

Author: Mokate Property Investments
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is the best GP and health centre I have ever been too. All the staff are fabulous, they take time to really listen to you. Their on line services are exceptional too and so efficient. If the rest of the NHS could learn from your processes then there would be advantages for many more service users. Fabulous team keep doing what you are doing.

Author: Luisa Righi
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Luisa Righi5 reviews11 months ago

Author: Md Mehadi Masud
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Usually, the doctors and staff at this facility are excellent. However, my and my family’s experience with Dr. Kamran Shafiq was disappointing. He seemed rushed and did not take the time to care my concerns, which made me feel uncared for. This happened in multiple occasions and hence I thought to leave a comment. It’s unfortunate that Biddlestone Health employs a doctor with such a lack of attentiveness. I sincerely hope not to be treated by him again in the future.

Author: dazza w
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Did the online consultation process this morning and was seen within one hour professional service.

Author: Mirsad Trcic
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve had an ear infection for over 2 weeks now .Filled that new form and got a phone call from reception telling me to go to walk in centre.Went to walk in , seen by a nurse who then prescribed some useless ear drops and asked to take for a week.These made my ear 100 times worse .After 7 days of agony and pain managed to get to see someone at Biddlestone .Was given ear drops and told to take for 5 days .Pain eased but ear still blocked .Filled the from again today and was told to go to walk in centre .God help us all.

Author: Graham Critchlow
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Patient confidentiality has no meaning at this practice. In a queue to see the receptionist and the first person did not have a appointment so was asked to fill the form in and stand to one side ,next Patient was seen,needed to give name,date of birth and talked about her problems, within one foot of Patient filling a form in,then my turn, I had to give my name,date of birth and all of my upcoming appointment and needs,still with the first Patient filling in form and could clearly hear everyone's information. I told the receptionist that Patient confidentiality has gone out of the window and she just shrugged her shoulders and smiled.not a very good service

Author: Barry Marshall
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always helpfull, polite, and professional. Both telephone and new online forms work well for appointments.

Author: Sophie Huxley
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I really thought my doctors appointment would have gone differently today. I started by expressing symptoms, ones that I've had for a while and avoided coming to the doctor about in fear I would not be taken seriously, and today I felt I wasn't. I shouldn't be made to feel like I've wasted your time because these sysmtoms are not normal and I really would have liked some kind words, understanding of how I feel and how you will help figure out my problem (do your job). If only that receptionist was my doctor today because they are always polite and considerate. If you're not happy with your doctor, choose not to be treated like that again and choose another doctor. Hopefully, the next doctor will give one.
