Practice: BETTS AVENUE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A86030
Postcode: NE15 6TQ
Google Maps title: Betts Avenue Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Betts+Avenue+Medical+Centre/@54.9730472,-1.6764661,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e770abdf0c065:0xf15037fca6ae3b90!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBETTS+AVENUE+MEDICAL+GROUP+NE15+6TQ!3m8!1s0x487e770abd95b5c5:0x13a49651c15fd518!8m2!3d54.9730124!4d-1.6738559!9m1!1b1!15sCiNCRVRUUyBBVkVOVUUgTUVESUNBTCBHUk9VUCBORTE1IDZUUZIBFXB1YmxpY19tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1tf4dlq8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A86030-betts-avenue-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chloe Moran
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The lack of knowledge and professionalism across this practice is genuinely alarming. I have repeatedly been given incorrect prescriptions, been scoffed at for understanding my own chronic illness, and even told outright medically inaccurate statements (including that women “can’t ride bikes”). As someone living with a chronic condition, I expect at minimum to be listened to and taken seriously. Instead, I’ve been dismissed, patronised, and made to feel as though advocating for my own health is an inconvenience. There was one great doctor here that made this surgery worthwhile who, unfortunately for me, is on maternity leave now. The situation is made significantly worse by the receptionist, who behaves as though she is the gatekeeper to medical care rather than an administrative support. She routinely refuses to book GP appointments, overrides requests that have been explicitly agreed between my doctor and me for managing flare-ups, and refuses to listen or engage respectfully. This is not only inappropriate but actively obstructs patient care. This practice demonstrates a worrying lack of respect for patients, poor understanding of chronic illness, and a culture where patients are dismissed rather than supported. I would strongly advise anyone — particularly those with long-term or complex health conditions — to think very carefully before registering here.

Author: Karen Mullen
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Aww the lovely doctor came to my home wat a lovely man is getting me help receptionist nice too prompt service very attentive would recommend

Author: Jill Dela Pena
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are not friendly, lacks courtesy.

Author: Meggan Surtees
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rubbish having to wait months on end for treatment of issues I have and they no this … countless of times they have promised me they have referred me places and they didn’t and the receptionists …don’t even get me started trying to be nice to them is hard considering they have an attitude constantly weather that’s on the phone or at the desk they are never at …and they aren’t sincere with what worry’s you have They don’t listen at all

Author: Missy J
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been at this surgery all of my life, so yeah i guess i can leave a genuine and honest review First off, The staf. are not as friendly as some may say, they have an attitude towards patients, here's a little tip, give them a call and see how they react toward you, if it's first thing and they are so-called busy, thats when the little demons come out to play Next, i have actually sat in the waiting area and rang the surgery to see how long they would take to answer the phone, i got an automative response saying that i was number 8 in line and not one of the staff were on the phone nor were they even on the computer as the two members of staff were busy chatting to each other and enjoying a cuppa, the older female was talking about how she had to go miles for her treatment or something like that, then as i kept ringing, the younger one stretched over to the phone and ended the call by pressing the button on the phone, i really wished i had recorded the incident on video Then when i eventually went in to the see the doctor, man why did i sit all that time for hime to tell me that i had a virus, only finding out the next day from the Walk in Centre that i had an issue that was far from being a common virus, and i never even got a check up, just "it's a virus, drink water and rest" this was a doctor that should have known better as he has already had complaints about him in th past i did think that maybe people were just being nasty as to leaving negative reviews, but seriously, i now believe every negative comment, why do i believe them, simple, as i have already said, i have been at this surgery all of my life there is not one member of staff that fully respects the patient

Author: Becky Yun
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have been this GP several times this year , I guess the receptionists are all friendly as my experiences. Just respect and polite to the people, people will react the same.

Author: Nokubonga Radebe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’m not quite sure what happens in there but to be honest, in my years of living with chronic rhinitis and asthma…I have not once been dismissed and gaslighted the way I had been today. He kept on telling me he won’t give me antibiotics (which I didn’t ask for) I was simply looking for a better solution since he’s the doctor. Was my condition an Emergency? Not at all but I could no longer handle the headaches and fullness in my ears so i simply seeked medical advice and I was met with sass and diva tendencies. The Dr that saw me today clearly was over worked and stresse. It’s unfortunate I do not remember the Dr’s name. All I remember is his face, and how dismissive he was. Gaslighting to say the least, and I couldn’t even get a word in to further explain my symptoms. He just told me to drink water, he was specific infact, he told me to drink 3 litres of water and my nasal congestion associated with cough, aural fullness in my ears and headache should subside in 10 days. I was even discouraged to further explain any other aliments. This was my last time ever being in this surgery and I shall be changing soon. It’s a pity that ethics and professionalism have left the room and just proper care for patients and conduct. There was no empathy or respect for my time. I had even expressed that I work and get paid for being at work. I left work as I was concerned about my health. Instead I was told to drink 3 litres of water. Weird! I myself am a healthcare worker and I took an oath as healthcare work, it’s pity to see some people not take it seriously.

Author: Christine Stockdale
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely staff and Dr Adam is good as well and my diabetes nurse is wonderful I don't understand the negative comments on here they've always been very helpful with me

Author: Dawn Rankin
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I see so much negativity here however I can’t agree with the comments regarding DR Adam, I have been with this surgery since birth (delivered by DR Black senior) I have recently had to stop working due to illness and I can’t stress the amount of support I have received from Dr Adam, the reception staff are only doing what they have been instructed to do. Dr Adam may come across as laid back and uninterested however that certainly isn’t the case. He in my opinion is the best doctor I have known there since dr black, dr McConnell, the lovely caring ones who actually take the time to review your records and as Dr Black junior used to say …. Keep to the same gp for the same issues as changing your Dr for the same illness is as he said “ bad management “. Dr Adam retired and returned to help the practice 2 days per week and yes sometimes we can expect a call that day however unforeseen circumstances arise. If you have transport and the doctor is at Kenton then ask to be seen at Kenton if time is available..

Author: Christopher Craig
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute disgrace. You que at reception for twenty mins. (Orderly n respectfully.) And then the receptionist chooses not to serve ppl in order of que. An when you question this they just give you a dirty look n continue serving the ppl who push in que even though she has see the full time of the order of people waiting. Another gps surgery that does not care about it's patients this particular incident happened on 29/11/24 at about 14.45
