Practice: THE GROVE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A86018
Postcode: NE3 1NU
Google Maps title: The Grove Medical Group
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 85
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Grove+Medical+Group/@55.0021525,-1.6216819,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e712cfaf42c65:0x7220b23fca7c7d33!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e712cf010cfd5:0xb5b446c52a86dc6a!8m2!3d55.0021495!4d-1.6191016!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bbrhvfy3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A86018-the-grove-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Denise Smith
Date: 18 hours ago
Rating: 2 stars
I try for a few hours trying to make a appointment, but I its hard so I given might as just go in the practice and book a appointment them,that puts me off to go to doctors denise smith

Author: carok wym
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good

Author: Liz Clarkin
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
I had a sore throat for 4 weeks and was worried about my hoarse voice and not recovering. I did the triage and was surprised to be fitted in the next day, a Saturday. Also I was late as went to the Grove instead of Osborne Road (my mistake) but the GP Dr Chowdry managed to fit me in. Really good kind treatment! Repeat prescription service works very efficiently too. My partner and I have found the triage system to work well. I wish it was like the old days too but the health system is under huge pressure.

Author: Caroline Coyne
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is an absolute joke. I have twice had to make formal complaints to the surgery and their response was "You should ensure you use the same GP foe each appointment so they understand your history" - It is hard enough to get an appointment with any GP nevermind the same one each time! My first complaint was due to me attending the practice 3 times due to abdominal pain, the first doctor made me take a pregnancy test and took some bloods, the second said I had trapped wind and prescribed me coedine for the pain, the third said I just have to deal with it. A few days later I ended up in A&E as my inflammation markers were through the roof, prepped for surgery and diagnosed with ulcerative colitis. Turns out they never checked the blood tests they'd done or they would have seen my inflammation markers were high and the drugs they prescribed made me worse. Luckily I responded to the correct medication in hospital, was in over a week before being discharged and didn't have surgery. This just shows how dismissive they are with patients, they don't listen, don't check their records correctly and just shove you out the door with something to manage the symptoms rather than dealing with the underlying issue. My second complaint, I booked a smear test in 2023 as I was having some pains, I attended to be told I can't have it as I haven't had a letter to say I need one. I checked my records and my last smear was 2018, they're supposed to be every 3 years. I left it as I couldn't be bothered with the back and forth. I got a letter in 2024 and attended the smear which came back as abnormal, I complained and said I knew it would be abnormal as I had pain in the previous year but no one would actually do the smear. I had to go to hospital and have cells removed. If this had been left any longer it could have developed into cervical cancer. Again showing that the surgery do not listen to patients. Surely if someone is asking for a smear due to pain it should be completed without any questions not sent away because you don't have a 'letter'. They recently deleted all of my repeat medication because I needed to go in for an annual check up. This meant I couldn't order any of my prescriptions including my inhaler which is potentially life saving and my medication to treat my ulcerative colitis. To say this surgery is underperforming would be a huge understatement, they have made so many errors in my treatment that have had the potential to be life threatening. They will be the cause of many deaths due to them not listening, not acting and being very dismissive of patients symptoms. I have now left the surgery and I will never be back.

Author: Nell Wilson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sue at customer service was unfortunately rude and unhelpful.

Author: LC
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely horrendous with appointments and treatments. I can never get an appointment, and it's even worse when I so need treatment. I can hardly get up the stairs without collapsing, I can't stand up in the morning without fainting, and all I got told by this stupid GP is "when was your last period, are you pregnant?" And then got told to go on a diet. I got told I need more iron, and he recommended everything that has litterally no iron. I got told I need vitamin D, meanwhile it's Newcastle, we don't get sun. I got told to lose weight even though I'm average weight for my age, height and gender, he didn't even check. I only just got booked in for a blood test which is gonna tell me the exact same thing and make me feel worse

Author: Lauren Bates
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with The Grove since birth. It used to be an excellent practice. However, unfortunately there are very few GPs left who provide a good standard of care. The receptionists are rude, dismissive and unapologetic. Nurse Joanne and Dr Muhammad are the only good staff at the practice.

Author: Mark Somerville
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors is absolutely disgraceful for anyone working nightshifts or late shifts as the “triage system” is only available during certain hours, unfortunately the hours some of us spend sleeping so almost impossible to get an appointment Edit: waiting right now for triage system to become active after their lunch break. It is now 13:40 and still nothing, fantastic stuff grove medical!

Author: Hazel West
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Filled in an on line form as i was concerned about having swollen ankles & feet after my blood pressure medication was raised just before my knee replacement surgery as my blood pressure had risen.. the doctor i saw thought it may be due to anxiety becauseof the forthcoming surgery......I dropped it back down to what is was before so felt I needed some investigation as to why these side effects had occurred... I got a telephone call from a doctor I've never had any contact with before....who has completely changed my prescription without seeing me or taking my blood pressure & told me to make an appointment with the nurse for 2 weeks time as the new meds can effect kidney function... I'm not happy at all & feel fobbed off..

Author: Vidur Kapur
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Vidur Kapur1 review5 months ago
