Practice: THE VILLAGE GREEN SURGERY
Canonical code: A87016
Postcode: NE28 6BB
Google Maps title: The Village Green Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Village+Green+Surgery/@54.9963938,-1.5318515,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e71ccd8436ed9:0x61ae94a16142a401!8m2!3d54.9963908!4d-1.5292712!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td5l7sg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A87016-the-village-green-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Reshmi Mathew
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Some of the receptionists at village green surgery is not been very helpful.I have called twice about my 4 - year -old daughter ,and I

Author: alan germaney
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The very best of care ,spot-on.

Author: Faiza Rezai
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception staff are very friendly.Dr Hales Hill is very caring, I felt listened to and understood during my GP visits. She’s very professional and helpful. All the female GP’s from this surgery are very good. I would recommend registering with this Gp.

Author: Amie Murray
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking experience, 51 calls it’s taken me to get through and I’m now in a queue of 24 people. Everytime I come here I seem to be dismissed of anything I raise. One incident leaving me to have to go to an and e and then surgery. Prescriptions still not back on repeat which lead to me almost running out over Xmas. Place has went downhill so I’ll be looking for a new doctors.

Author: Ethan Johnson
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Calling up for an appointment or prescriptions is always an issue with the receptionist staff generally being in a bad attitude. I went for an appointment back in August of last year knowing I had a stomach hernia and yet it took months before I finally got put through to a have a Gastroscopy. After 6 months later, the doctors tell me I have a hernia and offer the same medication i have already been taking. I'm 23 and according to this GP I will just have to deal with this for the rest of my life and take drugs that have been linked to kidney damage with prolonged use. I went ahead and paid £150 out of my pocket for a training device approved by the NHS that was never offered to me by the doctors even as an option. After being convinced to go in and speak to one of thier nurses. I went in which was difficult for me just to be told by the nurse that they actually are just covering and can't help at all apart from link me to some other services. It's not been until I have looked at other people's reviews that I have realised that perhaps it is the GP itself that has problems that need sorting. I would not reccomend it anyone sign up to this GP. (Been using this GP for over 15 years now)

Author: Sophie Hopper
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Changed from Hadrian health centre as moved out of area, amazing place small but more caring and professional than Hadrian health centre, was finally able to get a referral due to chronic skin disease after fighting for 3 years, dr Michael chidiebere is a very good gp and is very considerate towards patients, I don’t understand the bad reviews as I’ve only have one apt here and first impression wasn’t bad at all, if you are looking to change gp surgeries I would definitely recommend this place

Author: Jack Thompson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude staff, that openly read your notes out loud.

Author: Adéla Čapková
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception team at Village Green Surgery are unfortunately very unhelpful. No matter how basic the question, the only response I ever get is “you’ll need to speak to the GP” — which makes even simple enquiries unnecessarily difficult. Appointments are also cancelled last minute, even when it’s just about prescriptions. This caused I needed to pause and restart my medications, and then even nobody bothered to let me know when it was finally ready to collect. To make matters worse, I was given vaccinations here which I later discovered (from a private doctor) should not be administered together and in fact require a minimum six-month gap. This is really left me concerned about the standard of care. Not even talking they need to Google everything in front of me. I’ve already applied to change GP as a result.

Author: Jordan Bingham
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jordan Bingham6 months ago

Author: Elle
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This surgery is normally okay, good at getting a same day appointment and normally quick on the phone. Anyways I had an appointment for 4pm it is now 4:37pm and still haven’t even been seen. Don’t make this mistake again please otherwise I will have to change my doctors and I’d hate to do that as I have been with this doctors for quite a while.
