Practice: MALLARD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: A87615
Postcode: NE12 6HS
Google Maps title: Mallard Medical Practice
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mallard+Medical+Practice/@55.0372441,-1.5667842,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e7180e7fef3e9:0xda355f73ddc18d5c!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e71810df44b55:0xdd521faf8c27b1cb!8m2!3d55.0372411!4d-1.5642039!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfb63mh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A87615-mallard-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anastasia
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
AnastasiaLocal Guide · 15 reviews · 19 photosa month ago

Author: L
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible practice,ive been with the practice for approximately 4 months and it that time I've seen a gp twice..very late both times,gp put the wrong illness on my health record wrong,and they stopped half my medication I used to get on prescription from my previous gp...(I had to change doctors due to moving home and been out of the catchment area)they tell me I can buy it...I was well warned about this poor all round practice and believe me I wished I'd listened... I'm happy to be moving away from them now tho..

Author: Deborah Wardle
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Needs to be closed down

Author: Ellora Medhi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Ellora Medhi2 reviews3 months ago

Author: Mat Hunsley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mallard’s team have always been great with our family. eConsult and morning triage list work well for acute and semi-acute problems. We’ve always felt listened to by clinical and nonclinical staff alike. It can’t be easy dealing with the modern day workload of primary care and the rising, unassailable expectations of the masses. Thank you to everyone at the practice for working so hard to look after us all!

Author: Chaitra Hegd
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My first visit and from the receptionist to the doctor, everyone was patient and caring. I had booked an e consult and the clinic called me the very same day for a check up. The doctorr who spoke to me on the phone was extremely courteous . On my vist ,Dr. O Brien was extremely patient and helpful. I have been registered with another surgery before where the visit seemed transactional and here the visits felt more personal . Keep up the good work.

Author: Daniela Nistor
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Later edit The receptionists are not helpful lately. They contradict themselves, one says call at this time, the other one says call at another time, the 3rd advises to call the next day and the next day they advise to call next day. What is one supposed to do? Furthermore they often have a rather rude and patronising attitude on the phone, never say sorry, never show any empathy. It’s the 3rd day in a row calling to sort out a serious ear infection (as per doctor’s exam) and yet they told me ‘You need to call tomorrow, maybe, or I don’t know’ What type of practice is that? If the people answering the phone say they maybe and that they don’t know, who should know then? You were quick to thank me for my previous positive review, but you don’t seem to bother about the negative ones below left by other people in need. A friend in need is a friend indeed, but who cares morality, right? On your walls in the practice it’s repeatedly mentioned no rude attitude is tolerated towards your staff, but yet you tolerate rude attitude from your staff towards your patients? How fair is that? Previous review Quick appointments whenever needed, kind staff, the doctor and the nurses I've seen are well prepared and to the best they can to offer top service. One of the best GP practices I ever dealt with
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your positive feedback which will be passed to the team.

Author: J C
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dreadful Doctors surgery. Most of the receptionists are rude and unhelpful. Good luck trying to get an appointment or your prescription. They also forgot to turn their phone lines on the first day they were open after Christmas meaning we had to phone 111 for an emergency prescription

Author: ANNE Cleverley
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
My husband recently moved into sheltered accommodation and we had a problem with his medication. Claire was outstanding in dealing with this problem. In fact she was amazing. So pleased my husband is being cared for by such professional, caring staff. Thank you.

Author: Sue Durey
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this practice for around 30 years with no complaints. This week they have excelled themselves, bent over backwards to help me travel this week. I left it very late to advise my insurance co of a minor change in medical condition and they made it feel like I had a mountain to climb and would have to cancel my break. No such thing, a few phone calls to the surgery this week and some wonderfully helpful staff and I'm all sorted. Honestly if I couldn't have got away I think I'd have broken. There's nothing I can find on the website to leave feedback, so here it is. Marvellous
