Practice: PARK PARADE PRACTICE
Canonical code: A87600
Postcode: NE26 1DU
Google Maps title: Park Parade Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 32
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+Parade+Surgery/@55.0427212,-1.4530441,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e6c285673a8cd:0x7ab763e75b4fe2d5!8m2!3d55.0427182!4d-1.4504638!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg_wnfb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A87600-park-parade-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nikki Pantony
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nikki PantonyLocal Guide · 63 reviews · 919 photosa week ago New

Author: Lindsey Harrison
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I spoke to Vicky at reception over the phone who could not have been more helpful in advising me, requesting medicine for me and booking appointments I needed. I didn’t feel rushed and she took time to check if there was anything else I needed.

Author: Alan Gray
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sat in my car for 40 mins from 8am constantly ringing for an appointment and no answer. Absolute disgrace. I get one day off through the week every 6 weeks and it’s impossible to get an appointment. No excuse for this terrible service. Update, Again trying to get an answer after sitting for 10 minutes then the phone went dead. Tried to make an appointment online only to read that online appointments are unavailable at this time and to call the surgery. Has this surgery closed? I had blood tests 8 month ago and heard nothing. Changing my doctors as soon as possible. Absolutely disgraceful service or it would be if it existed.

Author: paula donaldson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very unhelpful receptionist on the phone, told Me to go to a walk-in in without even telling me Where one was, just stayed silent on the phone, I said thank you and still Met with silence, I was very polite to her yet met with no compassion for my circumstances at all.. didn’t even say goodbye when I said thank you, was just met with silence again… Very bizarre and unhelpful.

Author: Lacesmam
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never answer the phone, it is ringing for HOURS. If they do answer they're clueless or lie. Requested my daughter's medication nearly TWO WEEKS AGO and it still hasn't been issued, never had any medication for all this time. This is disgusting, disgraceful and vile behaviour of a "doctor's surgery". A full complaint to NHS will be made. No one should be left unmedicated when they have a disability/ diagnosis let alone a CHILD with a disability. All receptionists need sacked and this closed down. 3 months ago everything was perfect now the blatant ignorance and negligence will be submitted. Hang your head in shame DISGRACE

Author: CAROLYN ANDERSON
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I used to boast about this GP practice to my friends who had poor experience with theirs. Then the practice "merged". The lovely, friendly, helpful reception staff who would greet you by name as you walked in are gone. We now MUST enter details on a screen, in a totally empty waiting room. Always empty, when it used to be filled. I had a phone call, telling me I must have a blood test in February but as there were NO available appointments, in the whole of February, (with a nurse) I'd have to go to another surgery. Walking is very difficult for me so I asked about parking. Receptionist had no idea other than, "there should be parking". Now I know parking at Park Parade isn't perfect but I can usually find a spot in the lane etc. I explained that if I got to the other surgery and couldn't park close enough, I'd have to leave. At that, nurse appointments magically appeared and I was even given a choice of day and time. After my blood test, I received a text, telling me to book an appointment with the nurse, to discuss my results. The earliest TELEPHONE appointment was in FOUR WEEKS time. Four weeks to tell me a number they could have put in the original text. I am so sad this is happening in a once busy, happy, practice. I know we have to keep up with technology but we seem to have regressed into a faceless entity with little focus on actual patients.

Author: lilian fraser
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been in this practise for over 40 yrs. ALL DOCTORS and STAFF are so considerate helpful and polite. Best practise locally

Author: Marie Thompson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Marie Thompson2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Debbie Macpherson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Although we miss many of the Doctors that have left I think the surgery is still one of the best in Whitley Bay. The Doctors and nurses at Park Parade are all lovely and although I do not go that often thankfully .Its a pleasure to go.The receptionists have always been very friendly and helpful. A few changes of late but we have to move with the times.

Author: Helen Nicol
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Helen Nicola year ago
