Practice: MARSDEN MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A88003
Postcode: NE34 6RE
Google Maps title: Marsden Road Health Centre
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Marsden+Road+Health+Centre/@54.9805518,-1.4027255,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e6e367b06b555:0xfceef4fcbd3f8ef2!8m2!3d54.9805487!4d-1.4001452!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tk_nvfg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 6
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A88003-marsden-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Karen Brown
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I used to love this practice. I have been a patient for 30 years. But recently, this last couple of years and especially right now, there are a few Doctors, NEW TO THE PRACTICE, Who are power freaks who try and manipulate you to cease medications that are working well, simply because they have decided to do so . Then they will withhold your prescription until you do as they demand. This is not the first time this has happened yo me and both times it is a " New to the practice ", GP, who does not know you and has just read two sentences of your medical file. The secretary's are lovely exept for one THICK, one who you have to argue with to get an appointment . She has also made face to face appointments when I've specifically requested a telephone appointment, then Marsden road denies that you made a telephone appointment when you try to inform them off this secretary's error. Because this has happened several times, I now call marsden health centre hours before the telephone appointment is due, to ensure that the secretary has written " Telephone appointment " on the appointment.

Author: Ken Brown
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thanks for the kind review Ken
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thanks for the kind review Ken

Author: Joy Mogford
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
After 20 years with the surgery I've had to change. Be prepared to argue with doctors about diagnosis that they, other doctors or hospital consultants have given, they'll gaslight you, and do everything in their power to not refer you to specialists when you know they are oit of their depth. I can't fault any of the nurses, but the doctors can be rude, defensive and just don't want to hear anything other than their own opinion.

Author: RyanOcide
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant staff. Very helpful, and even though they had no spaces free for an appointment the same day, they rang around and still managed to get me one that very afternoon. Lovely staff and service
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the kind review

Author: Irene Melsom
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been at Marden rd doctors for many years and the service is second to none Doctors are so caring and helpful nothing is to much trouble to them always leave totally satisfied thank you to Dr Brian and Dr Gipson for great care given also Nurse Mel who made me feel so at ease getting bloods done wish I could rate yous higher Mrs I Melsom
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thanks for the kind review

Author: sharon wright
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Had appointment for 2.10pm.Bus was late was 10 late.Any other time I have waited more then 30 mins most appointment.Thrn to be offered app in 3weeks time which is a absolutely disgrace.I want to put complaint in about this appointment.my name is

Author: Mandy & Madison Gallagher
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Marsden rd Health Centre have been my Health care provider for 20yrs. I've never complained always get through on calls and appointments in a expected time frame. The staff are lovely always professional and friendly. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
Thanks for the kind review.

Author: Emily Wilde
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I attended the practise today 01:09 with my daughter in law for an appointment at 15.20 for the fitting of a coil the members of staff who dealt with her were absolutely amazing they talked to her and reassured her and even though the procedure was unsuccessful and she was very upset they spent time comforting her and explaining things and making sure she didn’t feel bad for the failure or embarrassed I want this passing onto them as I am genuinely bowled over by the experience yes ngs staff are supposed to to be kind but they truly went above and beyond
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the kind review, I hope your daughter is feeling better.

Author: JADE
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely doctors been in this practice since i was little.
Practice response date: 6 years ago
Practice response:
Thanks for your review 🙂 …

Author: Soda Inn
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
No comments
