Practice: IMEARY MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: A88601
Postcode: NE33 4JP
Google Maps title: Imeary Medical Group
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Imeary+Medical+Group/@54.9852556,-1.434312,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e6f23170dd191:0x49e4c20586398603!8m2!3d54.9852525!4d-1.4317317!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9ty771?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A88601-imeary-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dave J
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife had an appointment with the nurse last week as she had a water infection, she took a water sample with her to save going backwards and forwards,the nurse dipped the sample and said (you have all sorts in here, I will give you some antibiotics it will be at the chemist by the time you drive there), when we got to the chemist no prescription was there so waited 20 minutes as the lady in the chemist was keeping refreshing the page looking for this prescription,my wife rang the doctors and asked about it and was told the doctor has to do the telephone appointments first before the prescriptions,so we went home and had to wait an hour before going back for this prescription, my point is why did the nurse say that it would be there when it was an hour and 20 minutes before she got it, I think the doctor should be signing the prescription off first so people can get them before the chemist shuts as it was a Friday teatime and the chemist is shut all weekend, this doctor has taken far too many patients on in my opinion and can’t keep up with the work load,I look forward to your response (that’s if I get one because it looks like you only respond to the 5 star reviews not the 1 star ones). Part two of this situation, My wife had arranged a telephone appointment on Friday for today Thursday 22/1/2026 between 11.30-12.00, the doctor rang at 10.40 and my wife missed the call by seconds and rang straight back and was told the doctor will ring her back today, no one rang my wife back so at 4.45pm she rang the doctors and was told that her telephone appointment was between 10.30 and 11.30 and really the doctor would like to see her face to face but they is no appointments till the 2/2/2026, so you only get one chance at the telephone appointment,if you don’t answer then you will have to make another appointment.well done (too many patients and not enough time comes to my mind). Part three of this situation. Thank you for finding the time to reply to my review, it’s a shame the doctor can’t find the time to ring my wife back. If a clinical decision was made that this situation had to be made face to face why didn’t the doctor ring again after my wife missed the call ????, let’s continue, so since the doctor didn’t ring back and there was no appointments until the 2/2/2026 my wife rang a private menopause clinic on Friday morning and was advised that she would need a blood pressure test before proceeding any further, so she went to HOGG chemist (which is a very good helpful chemist by the way) and had a blood pressure test that showed her blood pressure was 180/120 which is very high apparently, HOGGS rang my wife’s doctor straight away explained the situation,the doctors rang my wife at lunchtime and said come in at 4.10pm today, I took my wife for her appointment (she also took another water sample because she still wasn’t feeling well),the person my wife seen (Iam not sure if it was a nurse or just a lady in a green uniform) took my wifes blood pressure and it was 170/120, my wife was asked to go back to HOGGS chemist and ask for a monitor to keep an eye on her blood pressure, I DONT UNDERSTAND WHY THE DOCTORS DONT HAVE THESE MONITORS ????,when we got to the chemist the chemist said we don’t have one and imeary medical group knows we don’t have one,so he advised us to go to ASDA pharmacy which we did but the pharmacist was on a break till 5.00pm, when he came back he said he only has one monitor and it is out at the moment and didn’t understand why the doctor didn’t put my wife on some tablets straight away, my wife rang the doctors while with the ASDA pharmacist and explained what was going on,so now she has another appointment at the doctors tomorrow, and to top it all off we have a 27 year old son with severe autism and epilepsy (which the doctor knows fine well) as he is under the same doctor and he has to come with us, I look forward to your reply.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
We are sorry that you have had a disappointing experience with the Practice. We are unable to discuss the details of the appointment on a public forum however the GP has advised that they made a clinical decision that this issue needed to be dealt with face to face rather than over the phone. Unfortunately the Practice, as with all Practices cannot refuse new patients registering unless they have a 'closed' list. This is only permitted in extraneous circumstances and has to be authorised by the ICB/NHS England. https://www.iwantgreatcare.org/gpsurgeries/imeary-medical-group is an authorised website for NHS England's Friends and Family feedback tool for NHS service providers.

Author: ANDY FRASER
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
ANDY FRASERLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 9 photos3 months ago

Author: Ana Pratt
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went for a routine smear, appointment was after 5, I came few minutes early after leaving work 30 minutes early and being in traffic for 40 minutes. There were no other patients there but still had to wait 15 minutes. The issue was I really didn't have much time as I needed to get home and was getting more anxious with the wait. So after 10 minutes past my appointment time, I asked if they knew how long the wait will be, I was told Im the next one in, after 15 minutes and no clue when I'll be seen I said I'm sorry but I'll have to go as I can't wait longer, the receptionist just said ok. Then I asked if I can reschedule the appointment and as she was looking for next time slot, the nurse came out and called my name. While with the nurse, I was asked when was my last smear, I said couple of years ago I think and it would have been on my record. She said she can't see it as she is new to the surgery and she doesn't have access to anything historical. Then I said it would have been the routine smear so couple of years ago, then she said smears are done every 3 years in this country. I said ok. I have a foreign surname and I feel like there was an intentional point made there about being in this country. Then somehow she managed to find on the system when I had my last smear and she confirmed to me it was 3 years ago. I was explained other things in the course of that appointment and I did feel like every single explanation was made in a tone as if I come from somewhere they don't have running water. Awful experience, coming across and needing to deal with racism and prejudice while trying to do a routine appointment is not something anyone should be faced with. Leave your politics outside of doctors surgeries please!

Author: Kifah Jassim
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
excellent Surgery, very helpful doctors, nurses & recipients

Author: Jessica Tyson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
been trying to make an appointment for the past 2 weeks last week i got told to ring next week at 8:30am, i rang up at 8:30am and got left on hold for half an hour, i cant make the appointment on the app because i dont know my nhs number, which it said you need to ring the practice to find out, so im literally stuck without an appointment
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
Hi Jessica, our phone system is down at present so you will left on hold so its not that our receptionist are not answering calls, the phone engineers will be on site at 10 am. I will reach out to my reception team to call you to sort and advise you of your nhs number. Apologies for the inconvenience

Author: Tubbs
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Tubbs8 reviews · 1 photoa year ago

Author: Julie Ahmed
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every part of this surgery works smoothly. The doctors have found systems and procedures which allow me to receive the care I need. My experience has been flawless from ordering medication from Patient Access, to picking items up from Hoggs Pharmacy. The receptionists are fantastic and some of the best I have encountered. They listen. The phones are answered speedily. The staff at the pharmacy are equally professional, friendly and extremely organised. Thank you and well done to every member of staff involved in this practice and pharmacy.

Author: Dimitris Liakopoulos
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dimitris Liakopoulos3 reviewsa year ago

Author: John Brash
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Saw this picture on a garage door and over a hundred geese flying over think there amazing

Author: iang65
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
iang65Local Guide · 28 reviews · 78 photosa year ago
