Practice: GALLERIES MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: A89012
Postcode: NE38 7NQ
Google Maps title: Galleries Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 31
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Galleries+Medical+Practice/@54.8987022,-1.5335245,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487e7b226896e11b:0x7edf0a3a59f6a98c!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7b1a4bb02d6b:0xd9eb1e83f3fdf8d2!8m2!3d54.8986991!4d-1.5309442!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fk1h3grs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A89012-galleries-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Steph.d
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr. Jan yesterday and he was wonderful. On time yet patient, gave me all the time i needed, addressed everything I needed to address and asked gentle questions. Very calm, reassuring, empathetic, I could not fault this doctor in any way and so grateful for his kindness

Author: Leanne Hood
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
GP notes on medical record not accurate and full of errors, invalidated medical insurance and complaint not dealt with properly

Author: Jade Cook
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I am finally in the process of leaving this practice after being registered there since I was born. Leaving is long overdue, it's not a very nice practice at all and the negative reviews back that up. There are some members of staff that are helpful and lovely, but unfortunately most of them are quite stand offish and not helpful at all, especially towards people like me who have autism and anxiety. I remember one time I got asked why I have such an attitude by someone on reception even though I didn't? The doctors here are a very mixed bag as well. One doctor told me my time was up one time when I was still speaking and about to ask more questions. Jo West is an awful doctor and I am so glad I will never have to interact with her again. She patronised me relentlessly because she knew I had autism and it was insulting. She also told me that my symptoms were not endometriosis and that doesn't happen to women. I was then diagnosed with endometriosis on my uterus and bladder and am in chronic pain every single day. She is awful, please do not book an appointment with her. The main reason I am leaving is because accessing the practice is impossible due to my severe anxiety and there doesn't seem to be much they can do to help me apart from have someone escort me up to the room which doesn't really help the situation much unfortunately. Overall, I'm very happy to be leaving and to never have to interact with certain members of staff again and to have a stress free experience somewhere else.

Author: Joseph Camper
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I experienced an Aspergers meltdown at this clinic and was physically assaulted by a nurse. Despite me stating I have Aspergers and was trying to leave, I was pinned down and strangled, leaving bruises I documented with photos. Reception called the police on me instead of addressing the assault. This clinic even displays Autism awareness posters, yet responded with violence rather than support. Neurodivergent patients should be aware that this clinic may respond with illegal physical force rather than support.

Author: Lillie Berry-Daymond
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lillie Berry-Daymond7 months ago

Author: Darren Davies
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We're quick enough to complain about our GP services but I couldn't be happier than with the service I've received here recently. Requested a sick note online which was with me within a few hours, and phoned Friday lunchtime on the off chance I might get an appointment and was given one for a couple of hours later. The doctor, whom I hadn't seen before, was first class. Couldn't ask for more.

Author: Jacksid Creations
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This practice has been so good to me , all at the practice are so good at what they do, the Doctor's always refer when needed and I feel safe in the care unlike other practices I have been with , I 100% recommend this practice

Author: Emma Harris
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Initially attempting to get an appointment non available, advised to use 111 which I have 3 times in attempt for treatment. Sent consultant link completed 3 times advised no appointments or got walk. Not necessary just need gp appointment for 3 different health conditions which you cannot do on e consultation which I advised receptionist. Look at complaints procedure no contact number impossible for help or support absolute joke. Previous hegde and vakaria brilliant practice absolutely shocking

Author: Ash Ali
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrendous services! The lady on the reception when I went in to ask to register was shouting at the top of her lungs at me thinking I do not speak English because of my skin colour! Then they gave me an appointment at 8:00 am when I wanted to put the route in on Google it told me they are open at 8:30 am I still drove to the place and while parked outside I called them and the phone lines said they open at 8:30 am so I waited in my car and came in 8:30 through the doors to be told I can’t be seen to because I am late and the nurse practitioner I would see is busy and have no spaces! I still didn’t make any arguments about it or raised complaints but now I have had my bloods taken and they were returned with deficiencies that I already knew about! they never called me to book an appointment when my bloods came deficient!!!! When I enquired they said I should call to ask for them!!!!! This is beyond negligent and beyond careless this is utter failure!!! And I will take this to the nhs with a serious complaint!

Author: Jennifer Lindner
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jennifer Lindner2 reviewsa year ago
