Practice: WEARSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE - PALLION
Canonical code: A89006
Postcode: SR4 7XF
Google Maps title: Dr S R Sagi - Wearside Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+S+R+Sagi+-+Wearside+Medical+Practice/@54.9042635,-1.4130996,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e6436115e8b4d:0x5e6ec0b431cb887b!8m2!3d54.9042604!4d-1.4105193!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cs5mpgy2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.2
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A89006-wearside-medical-practice-pallion.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Paul Tasker
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
It can sometimes be difficult to book a non urgent appointment, however things seem to have improved recently with plenty of options showing up on the NHS app. Very easy to book using this. The GPs are polite and professional, listen to concerns and receptionists seem pleasant and helpful. It doesn't take too long to get through to the phone line either.

Author: sam george
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
sam georgeLocal Guide · 147 reviews · 27 photos7 months ago

Author: naomi smith
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give no stars I would ! These drs are rude ! Miss vital symptoms that are slapping them in the face and cause more harm than good ! STAY AWAY

Author: Najla Yussuf
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don’t usually write reviews, but I feel it’s important to share our experience in case it helps others. I recently took my daughter to see Dr. Parveen Memon for symptoms that, in hindsight, were clear red flags. Unfortunately, Dr. Memon showed little initiative to investigate further, and for almost every question I asked, his response was simply, "I don’t know." This lack of care led to a serious delay in treatment. We had to take her next day to urgent care, where we waited over 5 hours, but thankfully the team there quickly recognised the seriousness of her condition and treated her appropriately. I’m truly grateful to those doctors for their professionalism. In my 13 years living in the UK, I’ve never experienced such a poor consultation. Sadly, this wasn’t a one-off — this practice has been consistently disappointing for the past 3 years. Despite raising multiple complaints, it felt like nothing was ever addressed, possibly because Dr. Memon is partner in the practice. That said, I want to acknowledge the excellent care I’ve received from Dr. Jayaram Sriranjani, Dr. Mathew, and most notably Nurse April, who has been outstanding. I've since changed GP practices, and the difference has been clear. I share this review not out of frustration alone, but in the hope that it leads to better accountability and helps other families avoid similar experiences.

Author: Valeria Castrogiovanni
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Only have two stars as some of the doctors actually care to help. Some of the receptionists are rude and take no accountability for it, that’s the fault of pure quality management. As the management only tries to cover up and excuse the poor quality service. Information is not displayed properly like you need to check in at desk even if you have an appointment otherwise they won’t call you and will make you lose your appointment. Once they refused me to be seen for being late and let others in at my place even before my 10 minutes appointment was supposed to end. They are so rude that they expect people to know all their policies and will attempt to argue their way trying to be right even if they can’t be asked to write it on a piece of paper and stick it somewhere. They wrote on their website they promise as a responsibility to always provide a same day appointment in emergency and practically they don’t issue the appointment and ask the patient to call the next day or call 111. If you have many symptoms and have an emergency they’ll ask you to take more appointments, one for every symptom even on the same day, and waste your time indefinitely instead of just giving a double appointment. Poor quality service with very poor excuses. Some of the doctors and few receptionists are very nice and helpful, however the rude ones are greatly allowed and excused from poor quality management. Also someone else commented on a specific doctor, I saw him twice and only wasted my time as he couldn’t care and only found excuses not to help me. I had in the end to call and refer my emergency to the hospital so to be seen with urgency. Another doctor prescribed medication following a misdiagnosis as he didn’t check me properly and I had an allergic reaction. I ended up in emergency department. All this has been reported to management who has done absolutely nothing to rectify the matter and ensure better quality service and less waste of time for those they are supposed to care about.

Author: James Bond
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
One star is far too much.

Author: Paul Walton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to see Dr Hassan (I already knew what was coming) about an infection in my throat and he said its just laryngitis and go to go home and rest even though he barely looked at it. Sure enough next day it got even worse and knowing how incompetent this practice csn be I went to the walk in. Sure enough my voicebox and surrounding areas was all infected and ended up getting pumped full of meds while stuck in hospital for 4 days with my throat closing up. I will be putting in a complaint against this practice

Author: Jonathan Davis
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
The Gp needs more funding so there can be more staff and more appointments for patients. Poor communication from doctors as GP’s leave left and right so unclear who my actual GP is. A lack of bedside manner on occasions from the Drs. The Nurses offer good care and treatment. Accessibility on appointments is poor.

Author: Sandra Ojiezele
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Sandra Ojiezele4 photos2 years ago

Author: Jaxkerr
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Appointment to see the nurse Bethany I found her very professional and made me feel at ease. such a lovely lady
