Practice: PARK LANE PRACTICE
Canonical code: A89034
Postcode: SR2 7BA
Google Maps title: Park Lane Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+Lane+Practice/@54.9013019,-1.3870958,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e668265f1c2eb:0x9984eae80df43621!8m2!3d54.9012988!4d-1.3845155!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v8x1rjg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A89034-park-lane-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Beatrice Gabriel
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Beatrice Gabriel1 reviewa day ago New

Author: Denise mustard
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Local doctors surgery

Author: Shweta Patel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to share my today's experience which was not expected from park lane Practice. My daughter is Just THREE months old and she got vaccine appointment Last Thursday (4th December 2025) but Nurse was poorly that'y it was cancelled and I accepted that with recpect and appointment was resheduled for today (11th December 2025). I was late 11 minutes because my taxi was runnig late and it was very WINDY WEATHER I was struggling to walking with straller. Somehow I reached there, Nurse said this without hassitation, she has to cancle this appointment just I was 11 minutes late...tough every time I was there before time and I waited for about 15 to 20 mintues, at that time they would not running late beacuse they already runnig late but once we reach late then they won't accepte it and even they don't show humanity towards THREE MONTHS OLD who reached there in WINDY (24km/hour) which was not suitedble for my child. Additionally, my daughter's previous vaccine appointment also cancelled by Nurse and rescheduled. That was also accepted by my side everytime. But today I reached late Nurse said she got schedule for her day. Similarlly we are also humans we plan our days as well accordingly. So, you cannot reschedule it each time.Hope this would be consideralbe by all staff and Nurses. Thanks.

Author: Gary Richardson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I couldn't not give 6 stars, so 5 will have to do. Everything about this clinic and thr staff is 5 star. My appointments were quick and easy to make. At reception it was easy to log in and room uncrowded Each time I've been I waited no more than 10 minutes to be attended. The doctors were all polite and attentive. Couldn't be better

Author: Gary Angus
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Have been with this practice since the beginning if felt a bit disappointed in the end. Booked an appointment 3 weeks ago, in the mean time after moving is was told to find a new one which I did not knowing when I would be accepted by them ,went to this practice for my appointment only to be told you're going to another practice so your appointment is cancelled on the day I turned up,no help at all so have to go to new practice to see if and when I can have an appointment probly another 3 weeks

Author: Alex Charlton
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP surgery I’ve ever been with. Moved to a different one due to their constant incompetence.

Author: Salamanca Tuco
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid this rubbish at all costs, one star is too generous.

Author: Himanshi Suryan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is my GP, located near Park Lane Metro Station and Sunderland Interchange, making it very accessible. The building is cozy, with plenty of practitioners available to help. I am always treated kindly, and everyone here is very helpful and supportive.

Author: Stephen Heslop
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I find this practice fascinating in the sense it is the polar opposite of everything the news would tell me the NHS is these days. The Receptionists, of which there are many and all seemingly relatively inexperienced, are absolutely fantastic. Nothing is too much trouble to them and there are occasions in which the phone can ring as many as three or four times before they answer. They are polite. compassionate and empathic. I have endeavoured to leave a review here rather than their official page to highlight the work of Dr Joseph. Apparently it is not permissible to leave personalised feedback on the official NHS site but this is a Doctor who simply requires to be acknowledged for the work he does. Whenever I visit Dr Joseph, I always come away conscious of just how lucky we are to have an NHS. I do not know the gentleman, but he is everything and more I would wish for in a Doctor. In recent times I have been fortunate enough to only require the support of this service every couple of years but it continues to startle me to read some of the negative reviews they receive. An exemplary service in every sense, and one whose standards never seem to fall despite the pressures of the time.

Author: MrGk01
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Advance Nurse Emma provided exceptional professionalism and assistance during my Park lane GP visit today. Extremely polite and helpful.Great reception staff too!
