Practice: HERRINGTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: A89009
Postcode: DH4 4LE
Google Maps title: Herrington Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 51
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Herrington+Medical+Centre/@54.8657538,-1.4858611,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e64bbb6b6684b:0xd279d1245c5479be!8m2!3d54.8657507!4d-1.4832808!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tctf4v5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A89009-herrington-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: patricia robson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent first consultation with Dr Romberg and his medical student, so welcoming, whole surgery was well designed and airy, all staff were approachable and helpful

Author: Alan Wheatley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have lived in this area all my life. In recent years I have not seen the same doctor twice. Absolutely disgusting service for our village. I have just recently had a repeat prescription cancelled by a doctor I have never heard of nor never seen. All of my lower back discs are compromised/ broken plus a hip joint rupture. Had to have eight months off work while recieving treatment from a surgeon. Injections into the spine. The surgeon had offered surgery as it is that bad. Now a strange doctor wants me to try a new medicine and take me off a drug that has enabled me to manage my pain and most importantly keep my job. I shall be filling a complaint to the surgery about the strange doctor and I will be reporting the whole surgery to the correct authorities. Oh yes. I later received a text from this GP that he could not prescribe his original idea as he has since discovered I am taking another drug which would have reacted to this new one. Did he actually not take due care and attention in his job ! Surely he should of read my records before prescribing medication? Disgusting place

Author: Ella Gettings
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They say they can only do appointments on the day you ring and can not make them for any other day in advance. I explained my partner is in serious pain and needs an appointment but he works and would need to tell work in advance when he would need to leave early to get to his appointment, as he can’t just tell them on the day. They wouldn’t book him in for any other day during the week, therefore my partner continues to be in pain.

Author: Anth Davies
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best practice and really caring doctors, Dr. Durcan and Dr. Romberg outstanding practitioners. It is a little difficult to get appointments but with the current state it's understandable, if not practical. But overall a great doctor's.

Author: Helen Sewell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Helen Sewell7 months ago

Author: Amber Mclellan
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My husband has been at this surgery less than a month and has already requested to leave. Removing a patients medication from their repeat prescription list with no communication to at all is unacceptable. He transferred all his details through and requested his routine ADHD medication as normal and within the time frame. This was rejected with absolutely zero communication as to why. It was re-requested as again it was within the timeframe. I rang on behalf of my husband the following day and was informed that they hadn't received the shared care information when this should all be within the medical records sent over. This should have been communicated to him appropriately the following day. Thankfully in the meantime I spoke to the mental health team who saw him that same day and prescribed him the medication and made an appointment to send over all the details to the GP surgery and review me prior to doing so. That afternoon he received the text he should have received the prior day, explaining he need to see the shared care provider before they can prescribe the medication going forward. He then checked my NHS app to discover his medication had been removed from my NHS repeat prescription list with absolutely no need whatsoever. He was following the steps outlined by the GP surgery with the shared care provider. This has created unnecessary distress for him, baring in mind he has autism and ADHD this was incredibly disappointing and upsetting for him. It was not necessary to do that at all given shared care were contacting the GP surgery to confirm his ongoing prescription and not only that, we are going on holiday and need this showing on the repeat prescription list to carry the medication with him. As a result of this terrible service and miscommunication we have decided to immediately change GP surgeries, and the move will not be helped given the fact the medication has been removed from his records.

Author: Kevin Carty
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
If you have any sort of sleep related illness find a new doctors.

Author: Alison Cremona
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved into the area last year and registered at Herrington Medical Centre, I was a bit worried as I have a pre existing condition which my GP in Yorkshire was brilliant with and very understanding. All my worries were put to rest as soon as I had my first visit to Herrington Medical Centre, I find all the staff are lovely from the Reception staff, Nurses to the Doctors. You have to be on the ball to book an appointment but that's the same at any GP practice.

Author: Bill Wildish
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Shame to see so many negative comments about staff. I have pretty much always found the staff and doctors friendly, polite and professional either when speaking on the phone or face-to-face. Ok, they can’t always solve problems immediately but they work very hard under difficult circumstances due to chronic underfunding of the NHS!

Author: David Patchett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had an issue in 25 years. Of course it isn't easy to get an appointment: they're stretched like every other surgery. However, I've always found the admin staff and clinical staff to be polite and efficient. Also, a number of these reviews seem to be commenting on the pharmacy next door rather than the surgery... they're two separate businesses.
