Practice: I J HEALTHCARE
Canonical code: A89617
Postcode: NE38 9AB
Google Maps title: Harraton Surgery
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 31
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Harraton+Surgery/@54.8809664,-1.5336358,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487e7b41eb894cd1:0x728cda20980471bd!8m2!3d54.8809633!4d-1.5310555!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9vg4wd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/A89617-i-j-healthcare.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Colin Toward
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Colin TowardLocal Guide · 66 reviews · 26 photos4 months ago

Author: David Biswell
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I can't help but feel sorry for Dr Singh and the lasses when I see the other reviews; the girls have never been anything but helpful with me and although Dr Singh has a fairly laid-back approach, I've always found him pleasant. Admittedly there have been cases where I've encountered a lack of solution, but I HAVE had steroid injections to help my osteoarthritis, and the younger male GP who is there on a Friday has a very refreshing, pro-active approach and is very willing to refer for further investigation; as a result of appointments with him, I've had a left knee replacement and am on the list for right replacement and weight management. Unfaultable. The only things detracting from a five star rating are the wait times on the phone sometimes, and endless requests for feedback after any appointment, but I guess these are unavoidable. There have also been a couple of times where requested medication has not immediately materialised, but this has always been put right on follow-up; nobody's perfect. Other reviews are a little harsh I think, when considering the workload involved, and what the girls have to deal with. On a personal basis I've actually bought them chocolates for how helpful they've been. Regarding other reviews which do sound like they give cause for concern, I'm wondering whether there's more to the situations than meets the eye; I've never perceived Dr Singh to be that detached from his patients' care. Admittedly, in the early days of taking over the prectice from Dr Thomas, his timekeeping for arriving at the surgery for appointments was questionable, but this has improved dramatically over the years, and to me personally is no longer a cause for concern.

Author: leann platts
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst service ever told I have a telephone appointment between 10-12.30 waited for the text to confirm to find out it’s actually 8.30-1 1pm comes and goes calls them to find out why I’ve had no call only to be told it’s not a set appointment slot Wtaf honestly got to be the worst surgery going diagnosed my partner with acid reflux or hayfever then we find out he’s actually got a huge tumour after they said that!!?? I myself stick on the system for a condition literally in limbo no specific help with what I’ve got and on my notes it says minor issue well if I’ve suffered it for over 6 month daily I’d say it’s not minor!!!!😡

Author: H Jatt
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
0 stars is there was an option. Teach your receptionist some manners!! Absolutely disgusting attitude. Running a surgery with one doctor, absolutely shambles making patients with a 6 month year old baby wait over 45 minutes over the appointment time. And then to met with a rude answer of it will take our long it takes sit down. Never seen anything like it. Needs shut down asap!

Author: Andrew March
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Andrew March7 months ago

Author: Jaimie Lamb
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you do attend this practice i would not recommend seeing dr singh, the gentleman does not want to know about any problems, and dissmisses anything you say. I am 36 years old suffering with chest pains which is likely due to the medication i take (main side effect of my medication is strokes snd heart attack) dr singh told me i am to young for it to be heart related without examing me and sent me on my way. This is not the first time i have been to see him and he has dismissed me

Author: Chelsea Elliott
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke of a surgery leaving someone 3 days with out pain killers with a herniated disk and scoliosis shocking care needs closed down ASAP

Author: Amy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctor is unable to sign off simple requests made from my midwife for medication. Having to chase this up 8 times now and still no further forward and nearly a week later.

Author: 7sprinter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Practice nurse tells me I’ve a potential medical problem will probably require medication, Dr signs off results as no problem, results on the NHS app are off the scale, what am I supposed to do?

Author: B D
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely poor experience of my late father's care, regarding their treatment, lack of pain management and lack of basic testing in a timeous manner. 0 stars are not an option, unfortunately.
