Practice: THE MEDICAL CENTRE, DRIFFIELD
Canonical code: B81092
Postcode: YO25 6UH
Google Maps title: The Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Medical+Centre/@54.0065087,-0.442144,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4878ca2294e3a0a5:0xaea7b7b5fb9161aa!8m2!3d54.0065056!4d-0.4395637!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thg9zjj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81092-the-medical-centre-driffield.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Graeme Davison
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic experience today at my first checkup with the practice nurse. Very happy indeed 😊 …

Author: 4sh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried getting appointments multiple times, but only ever get offered appointments that mean I loose my job as they are always busy Today they call me back and offer me an appointment for Friday when I’m having a breakdown today 🤌, first week of new job and working so long hours with over an hours drive home means I would miss it or have to call in sick for the second time in my first week when I just want some help so I can cope and keep my job. Started a new job, day two I’m off because of my autism and mental health and I just want help but this surgery doesn’t care about how it will effect me if I loose this job because they won’t listen to me Thanks for ignoring those who ask for help 👍

Author: Sophia Richardson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No duty of care to their patients. I have a child that is diagnosed with Autism and Epilepsy. They “forgot” to send his Epilepsy medication to the chemist when I ordered it over a week ago. He’s on his last few doses and if he runs out it could be fatal. I currently order via email and I’ve requested to add him to my NHS app so I can monitor and hopefully this won’t happen again. They will not do that or offer any sort of help. I also rang 4 mornings in a row at 8am for some more treatment for his Eczema (nothing from the shops work). They will not give him an appointment or any sort of explanation. The staff are condescending and unhelpful. It’s been absolutely appalling service from this GP surgery and complete negligence. Currently going down the complaints procedure and moving my child elsewhere. Do not recommend this place to anyone, especially with vulnerable children.

Author: Chris Benson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I dont normally write reviews but the service at this surgery is so appalling that I feel forced to. Dont get me wrong they do their jobs and some of them are very good at it there are those however that seem to regard the patients as an inconvenience or distraction to the daily routine. A couple of the receptionists act more like guards and offer no reasoning or compassion just a flat 'No' or are so abrupt its bordering on rude. I would make a complaint to the practice manager but the attitude appears to be endemic it would probably be ignored.

Author: John Warren
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered here for 9 years now and I have always found the service at The Medical Centre, Cranwell Rd, Driffield to be excellent, from both the medical and support staff. I have found the recently introduced eConsult triaged appointment system easy to use and a great improvement on the old system. I have always been called back promptly and received an appropriate outcome.

Author: Anil Aphale
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great people giving fast efficient service with a smile. I have nothing bad to say .

Author: Katie Drury
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Katie Drury3 reviews5 months ago

Author: Imogen Spam
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
(name has been changed for privacy) This used to be an utterly fantastic surgery, honestly the best. Then they changed to the triage system. Now it's utterly awful and quite frankly inhertly dangerous. I have an injury that I have been trying to get pain killers for 2 months now. Every single time I ring up there is no appointments. Told I can do an e-consult, which I don't want to do due to the risk of data leaks. Suggested to go in in person at 8.00am ..which just is not feasible for me due to work and I don't drive. Told to go to A&E...they are already under mass pressures they don't need me going in just to get pain killers (this is parts of the doctors role for situations like this). They seriously need to rethink this and get rid of the triage system. It's not just bad for clients, it is also adding mass pressure to the receptionists who don't need this extra pressure of filling in triage forms over the phone/in person. Please just dump this triage system before something serious happens. However I do have to add as a positive. The front of house staff and the doctors are ALWAYS smiley, kind, helpful, understanding, respectful. This review is not based on them because they are brilliant but based purely on the triage system which is causing issues for so many people.

Author: Tammy Louise
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible and not fit for purpose. Cannot make an appointment for the coming days and only offer same day appointments so getting to see anyone for non urgent appointments is impossible. The receptionists are rude and not trained properly. Had a scan at a nearby hospital who promptly sent over the results to the surgery but the surgery said they had no recollection of this. Called the hospital to chase and the lady on the phone even commented ‘ I’m guessing you are with Cranwell at Driffield’ and said how useless they were!.. so I’m guessing it’s a common problem for them too. After 7 years of this circus I’ve registered elsewhere. This place needs seriously looking into by professional bodies.

Author: Cooper S
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have been using the medical Center for years. The staff have always been great and getting an appointment has always been easy but after switch to this triage system it’s put me off using the medical Center after my first attempt, getting an appointment on my only day off midweek was impossible and how I was advised to get an appointment was just so complicated just to see a doctor!
