Practice: THE OAKS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: B81038
Postcode: HU4 6RF
Google Maps title: Oaks Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oaks+Medical+Centre/@53.7319896,-0.3976334,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48789559b1e62007:0x9bc2f151d7e86cd9!8m2!3d53.7319865!4d-0.3950531!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1y2qg8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81038-the-oaks-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Maddison jo Smith
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Usually an amazing practice with kind staff and amazing patient care, would recommend this GP surgery to anyone. I had one bad experience with a nurse on 6/2/26 (can’t remember her name) however I arrived 10 mins early for my appointment and then waited for 40 mins after this, I asked the receptionist if she could find out why we was so delayed and she said I had missed my appointment and the nurse had been out and called us (absolute lies) then she said the nurse is now going home. After putting my foot down and demanding my appointment she came and shouted me into the room, we was in the appointment a total of 6 mins for my child’s vaccinations. She nurse asked he’s DOB and then jabbed him in both legs then rushed us out, she even sighed when I asked her to sign he’s red book. No aftercare advice was given, it felt like she couldn’t wait to have me out of the room. At previous appointment I have had with different nurses they was brilliant kind and professional, this however was totally different. She was in the wrong and obviously wanted an early Friday leave so she stated I wasn’t there for my appointment, she also carried the clinical waste rubbish bag out and seen me waiting and still decided to tell me I wasn’t there on time. Other staff, doctors and receptionists are all absolutely spot on at the oaks however I will be finding out this nurses name and making sure she doesn’t take my family’s appointments ever again.

Author: Lucy Barrett
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t praise this practice enough. If I ring at 8am I usually, if not always, get an appointment the same day. The receptionists are always so polite and so helpful. They’ve been amazing at fitting in my little boy when he’s been unwell. It’s a pleasure to be a patient here.

Author: Claire Walker
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot fault any member of staff in that surgery! My little girl is prone to infections and they always act on it straight away, they’ve kept us out of hospital many of times! I personally don’t think they get the recognition they deserve.

Author: Emily Shepherdson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience in the past had been reasonably ok but I had a phone appointment with Dr Pannuri and it was one of the worst medical experiences I have ever had. I was asking to be referred and asked my reasons for wanting to be referred. I (attempted) to give information on this but was spoken over before I could finish any of my points and told it might just be anxiety. This was framed as attempting to get the best information possible to give me a good chance of the referral being accepted, which I understand, but the constant interruption is not a good way to elicit information. I explained that I am a doctoral researcher in this area and understand my own needs and the symptoms but still need a medical professional for referral but this was ignored. At the end of the call, which lasted around 4 minutes, I was again attempting to explain myself when he cut me off, said goodbye and hung up the phone. I feel I was not able to give enough information to the point where I don't feel confident that my referral will be accepted due to the doctor's poor bedside manner.

Author: Jodie Steed
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this practice from my local practice 7 years ago and I’m so glad that I did because each and every one of them always go above and beyond for me and my family which includes all temp / locum staff that have dealt with us too! The time, patience, understanding and reassurance we are shown every visit and call is what contributes to my ongoing trust in this practice and I can’t thank everyone enough.

Author: Ryan Heppy
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What rubbish being ringing for 4 days for a appointment each time no slots left. When u ask they say we are terminating the call what a joke don't go here 100%. Always the same here very rude staff..

Author: Dan Marriott
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot speak highly enough of this practice from the receptionists to GPs and nurses. They are all very helpful and attentive. Like ALL practices you have to be aware of the pressures on staff in a morning and be patient but honestly I have found booking in and being seen absolutely fine, I have used the callback and the website to contact them as well. I work out of town and have found the staff have been able to work flexibly to help with this. Thanks all at the Oaks.

Author: Mark Helsby
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just been for ya first GP appointment in probably 2 years, I have tried to avoid due to having bad experiences at other practices in the past. Dr. Upadhyay was incredible, I don't think I have ever had a doctor be as attentive as this. He actually listened to my problems and discussed them with me, it didn't feel rushed or dismissive in the slightest. Had my bloods taken after as well and the nurses were really kind, helpful and gentle.

Author: Rosie North
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately didn’t get the receptionist name when I called early this afternoon, however this isn’t the first time I’ve spoken to her and she’s nothing but rude. She speaks to you like you’re stupid, talks over you and doesn’t let you get a word in. I called 3 times last month for advice for travel vaccines, and I had to keep calling back for an answer even though they said they would call me back.

Author: Adam Stanton
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Adam StantonLocal Guide · 67 reviews · 61 photos8 months ago
