Practice: HOLDERNESS HEALTH
Canonical code: B81025
Postcode: HU19 2PZ
Google Maps title: Holderness Health
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Holderness+Health/@53.7420204,-0.3522828,12z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHOLDERNESS+HEALTH+HU19+2PZ!3m8!1s0x4878a2ac77e8fe73:0x164e5dd7a29ca3f9!8m2!3d53.7420204!4d-0.1998475!9m1!1b1!15sChpIT0xERVJORVNTIEhFQUxUSCBIVTE5IDJQWpIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmlj4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1vpps0vq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81025-holderness-health.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Neil Simpson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Neil Simpson8 reviewsa week ago New

Author: Deb Smith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really loving the new system. It might take a few minutes to fill everything out on line but it means you see the right person for the right thing and quicker. All staff friendly and explain everything thoroughly.

Author: Zoey Hoyle
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Oh boy discrimination is alive and well here they demand respect from me but then use systematic oppression to justify their actions, and for what its worth Dr David levy also said the NHS healthcare for trans people is intentionally cruel to demeaning and designed to torture us but yes let's just ignore one of the main statements of his paper like you seemed too. I may seem repectless but how could I repect the system that tortures us, since when was the NHS too afraid to help people... hiding behind weaponized incompetence. You have done to opposite to helping, only treating the after affects with anti depressants but let's ignore the fact you prescribe the same hrt patches to my mother which you could save the NHS more money by just giving me them rather then sending me to a psychologist (who was requested to be seen by a private practice, even though you said you flat out dont work with them because they are "unqualified" and "below NHS standards" but then again actually helping trans people goes against yours/NHS policies) and needing a mental health team.

Author: Abi Start
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eva on the reception was really helpful, thank you so so much

Author: Kat Barrett
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't even get booked in for my scheduled smear test online because there are no appointments, and when I tried calling the surgery the telephone line is closed even though it's supposed to be open for at least another hour. Absolute joke

Author: Leah Simpson
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Leah Simpson11 reviewsEdited 3 months ago

Author: Lisa Loft
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very very excellent service well done pharmacy and receptionist well done again

Author: Dawn Barker-Platt
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible system. I wanted a simple appointment and I tried using the online system. Irrelevant questions and I need a female doctor. There was no option for this. I called instead, but had to go through the same rigmarole of questions. It took 5 times as long and it is wasting precious time of the staff and patients to get where they need to be. No wonder there are queues and frustrated people. There is no personal service and privacy anymore. You used to book an appointment, no problem, not get asked what for by the receptionist, and get and appointment to see the doctor and you privately discuss your conditions. So many people, older people especially, will find this system hard to use. This is a bad move in my and many others opinions. I hope someone realises this. Luckily the lady I spoke to was helpful, i feel very sorry for the staff.

Author: Libby Pinto
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Using their online Klinic system is fabulous. All surgeries are set up to use these systems now. I contacted the surgery today online...recieved a return call within 2 mins. I now have an appointment set up. Staff are always so helpful and efficient.

Author: J. D
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm so impressed by our over worked, under funded FREE healthcare surgery. Everyone of the GPs, reception, pharmacy and behind the scenes teams do a fantastic job. We need to start showing some gratitude, instead of being so negative. Because if it went away. You'd be complaining then... Thank you all at Holderness Health for your continued support. You are all very appreciated.
