Practice: BARTHOLOMEW MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: B81068
Postcode: DN14 6RU
Google Maps title: The Bartholomew Medical Group
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 77
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Bartholomew+Medical+Group/@53.716562,-0.8758036,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48791f0d95717e77:0x9327d5f2f62b41d8!8m2!3d53.7165589!4d-0.8732233!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1trxd6hb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81068-bartholomew-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Boom Shakalaka
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Edited,,,, today .. Went in for an appointment got told a prescription will be sent to my chemist. Doctor told me it would be a liquid drinkable for my throat . Got to the chemist they give me 35 tablets 6 a day for 6 days 🤔 do the math. I phoned the doctors and said they have tablets for me at the chemist . She phoned me back 35 mins later saying the doctor never said liquid .. lie... then just take 6 for 5 days then 5 on the last day .this surgery is a joke . The reviews say it all . Trust a doctor they say not a chance id say . All lie and cover eachothers mistakes instead of telling the truth . NHS is crap .First of all when I came to join your surgery I brought all my id in for you to photocopy. You sad wait a week then phone us which I did. To my amazement I got told you had lost all my information and the photocopies. Plus i had and appointment with a infection in my testicle which was swollen the doctor ask me do you want antibiotics? Shouldn't he be just giving me them to get rid of the infection ? Then this week I phoned up Monday morning at 8oc I ask for call back which I got 20 mins later. The women said I'll speak with the doctor and get a prescription sent to my pharmacy but if she couldn't she would phone me back . So at 11 30 as not getting a call back I phoned up a women answered so I told her what had happened she said hold on ill speak to the doctor now. When she came back she said sorry but you will have to phone up tomorrow to make another appointment or go to the medical walk in centre. I said we'll why didn't I get an appointment this morning at 8oc when I phoned ger reply was well your not in that much pain so you will just have to make another appointment. Your service overall is disgusting and your telephone staff aren't doctors so should keep thier opinions to themselves. Disgusting service
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
We are sorry to hear that you are unhappy with the service you have received. If you would like us to look into your concerns, please contact the practice with your details, ideally in writing. Many thanks.

Author: Joanne Sharp
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had any problems with the surgery today I asked for a call back which I got the receptionist Annie was lovely and very helpful I got a face to face appointment with Dr Guul who listened and didnt rush me so I would just like to say thank you very much

Author: John Almond
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst medical service I have ever received. Rarely seen by a doctor using clinicians which have no idea and don’t listen to the patient. Refused a blood test that would have got to the bottom of my issue. Didn’t even take my stats. Painful to get seen in the first instance due to a poor appointment service. Booking a week in advance if you can’t go on the time they give you on the day. Can’t book for the next day. Total sham. Used an online service after visiting this practice. Uploaded pictures of my condition and listed my symptoms. I was told I had a bacterial infection that needed antibiotics. Which I was told I didn’t have on my visit to Bartholomew.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
We are sorry to hear that you are unhappy with the service you have received. If you would like us to look into your concerns, please contact the practice with your details, ideally in writing. Many thanks.

Author: John Sands
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist Mark, is very helpful. And has fantastic attitude never, any problems when dealing with him.

Author: Robert Estevez
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's the worst medical centre to deal with in the hole NHS, never can get an appointment no matter if you make the calll for it at 8 o'clock, and if you request a call back by the time they call you back it's so late that it's no chance to get anything. And why a receptionist decided if you get an appointment or not when they have no medical authority or qualifications whatsoever. In general the worst medical centre to deal with. Oh I forgot to mention the times you can be calling and their phones are ringing and none of them pick it up, and it's right in front and they are doing nothing.

Author: John Page
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great staff

Author: 37linute Sinkeviciene
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception service is very pleasant and does its job well. I appreciate for good communication and quick response from you and doctor D.Thompson

Author: Maurice Clarkson
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Very bad at getting an appointment with this surgery I have been waiting now to get a cist. Behind my knee seen to for 3 weeks

Author: Alexandre Avila
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good staff

Author: Daniel Tideswell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Daniel Tideswell9 months ago
