Practice: THE CENTRAL SURGERY BARTON
Canonical code: B81005
Postcode: DN18 5ER
Google Maps title: Central Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Central+Surgery/@53.6842302,-0.4418205,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+CENTRAL+SURGERY+BARTON+DN18+5ER!3m8!1s0x4878eb1987060d01:0x437b973b871c7feb!8m2!3d53.6841655!4d-0.4390776!9m1!1b1!15sCiNUSEUgQ0VOVFJBTCBTVVJHRVJZIEJBUlRPTiBETjE4IDVFUlolIiN0aGUgY2VudHJhbCBzdXJnZXJ5IGJhcnRvbiBkbjE4IDVlcpIBFXB1YmxpY19tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcpoBI0NoWkRTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VNNE9EVlFNVTVuRUFF4AEA-gEECGoQNw!16s%2Fg%2F1hc33809q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81005-the-central-surgery-barton.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jonathan Ibbotson
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is incomptent. I had an appoitment with one of there Doctors I was informed that I had a Virus All the symtpms pointed to a heart attack hower I was sent away and told to take Paracetomel, all weekend I was in pain. On the Monady I was rushed in to hospital with a heart attack (Basic Schoolboy Error)

Author: Lisa Bell
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't make their minds up what I need. One doctor says one thing and another tells you different! Can never see doctor anyway and now you get referred to chemist at Pharmacy Wise!!

Author: Ian Lang
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dreadful waits to get through on the phone to make appointments even if you ring at 8 on the dot. Typically 20 mins. Badly organised. Internal communication is often very poor. The GPS seem to have shifted all their workload to people with lower pay scales. Fortunately, the latter are very helpful and competent. Some good competition might shake it up a bit. Update two years later - most of these issues have now been resolved and it is much easier to get an online appointment and that has improved the phone service as there are fewer calls. Seeing a real doctor can sometimes still be a challenge but the widespread use of Nurse Practicioners is a real improvement.
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
If you would like to send details to our complaints email : nlccg.centralsurgery.complaints@nhs.net we will respond confidentially to you

Author: Reuben Sisson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reuben Sissona month ago

Author: Emma Munday
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid at all costs! I just moved to this practice after moving to Barton upon Humber. I have a chronic illness, so it is essential that I have a good GP. It is impossible to see a GPi even when it is urgent . The pharmacist seems to think all illness can be cured with exercise and positive thinking. If you can find somewhere else to register, then do that.

Author: Lily Stainforth
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
very dismissive gp, suffered for 4 months with my skin, misdiagnosed 3 times and has lead to me losing sleep, spending ridiculous amounts of money trying different prescriptions. just been referred to dermatology which is what should’ve happened months ago, can’t be bothered for the hell of a wait that i know it’ll be so trying a £166 medication😡

Author: Ryan Perry
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ryan PerryLocal Guide · 8 reviews3 months ago

Author: robin day
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an appointment with Dr Geeta Pai and was treated with respect and consideration, being diagnosed with enlarged postate. I was booked for a blood test and told "specifically" to make an appointment to see her again after the blood test results came through. This is when I was met by a wall of total stupidity from the "back room staff". After trying the online booking system without success, repeatedly getting verification codes that didn't work, I phoned and was fobbed off by reception and sent an online booking form to my phone. Full circle without any appointment. 🥴🥴 I was so frustrated by the episode that I went to the surgery in person and insisted on making an appointment with Dr Pai.The receptionist tried fobbing me off again but I explained that Dr Pai herself had told me to see her again. I thought I had got somewhere when I was told that was fine. I WAS MISTAKEN! I was only back home maybe 20 minutes when I got a phone call to my mobile from the doctors asking me to bring in a urine sample to test, something I had done 4 days earlier, and to fill in a survey to determine my illness, DON'T THEY CHECK RECORDS?? I then got an sms to my phone with a survey form that I had already done for my original appointment with Dr Pai, hence my appointment with her where I had the fickle finger 👉 of fate and diagnosed with enlarged prostate. All I simply wanted was an appointment to get prostate reduction medication 💊 prescribed but instead I encountered beurocrocy and incompetence. The booking system does not work! The staff are incompetent! While Dr Pai was exemplary in her consultation with me I have no hesitation in saying she is let down in her work by the incompetence and terrible attitude of the support staff. I thought working in the medical sector was a way to serve humanity, not to be self serving.

Author: Andy Johnson-Ross
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Andy Johnson-RossLocal Guide · 145 reviews · 130 photos7 months ago

Author: BARBARA HEWITT
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Called today for help with medication no joy. Struggle and do it yourself. Why do we have to do there jobs. Disgraceful
