Practice: RIVERSIDE SURGERY
Canonical code: B81109
Postcode: DN20 8AS
Google Maps title: Riverside Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Riverside+Surgery/@53.5539471,-0.4980809,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4878f20fb25af231:0x32d714f810d58543!8m2!3d53.5539439!4d-0.4955006!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F113g9zjdm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81109-riverside-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bob Epton
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely, very caring doctors and nurses. Very helpful receptionists and those who work in the pharmacy. This is a very difficult time for everyone. Thank you for all your hard work and dedication. POST COVID. The surgery has introduced privatisation of sight and dentistry. The service in the new building has deteriorated to zero stars. We have transferred to Bridge Street. Shame on you!!

Author: Valerie Robinson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Called to make an appointment. Was told I'd be called back same day or tomorrow. I asked if there was any more specific time as I might be round the bread aisle in Tesco discussing personal information. The receptionist put the phone down on me. I waited for the call that day and next and none came. I called them again...always a LONG wait to get through...was told there had never been a request. Hmm...only reason I can think of is receptionist withdrew my request. I'm glad I'm still alive btw if anyone ever cares....

Author: BERNADETTE GLABUS
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr Aftab on a Saturday morning. She is an excellent doctor, who always listens, takes a thorough history and explains the diagnosis and appropriate treatment.

Author: Rebecca Morrison
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would just like to say a massive thank you to Sarah at the pharmacy and the pharmacist her self who both had shown my daughter the best of care and the best of respect today I took my daughter in knowing she had a infection and I can’t say thank you enough today for the care and support these lady’s gave me and my daughter I’m forever grateful the fast response was absolutely amazing they acted quickly and was so calm and the support they gave me has a stressed mother was so reassuring the respect they showed me was 5 star and beyond my daughter also received such amazing care.thank you Sarah from the pharmacy and the pharmacist in the blue blazer forever gratefull xxxxx

Author: Montcoffer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My wife had hand surgery today (dupuytren’s) and from walking through the door till leaving the whole experience at Riverside Surgery was excellent. Mr Pardiwala and his assistant were lovely and so kind. I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend minor surgery here, thank you.

Author: Joshua Allenby
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Front staff are poorly trained. I find myself repeatedly calling or requesting the same information until it's eventually escalated to someone who knows the correct information. GPs have always been helpful though.

Author: Helen Ford
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cannot praise this surgery enough. From the polite care navigators to sorting out an issue quickly, I am very impressed with the whole service Riverside surgery offers. Thank you

Author: Jayden Roberts
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
takes 4 weeks to get an appointment

Author: L
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you want an appointment, don't even bother registering with this GP. Used to be a permanent resident here and it was terrible, but now after returning back and registering for a temporary GP here the only appointment was AFTER my temporary GP period had ended, meaning they would not give me any care. The people on the phone I spoke to were apathetic and dismissive also. Fab example of how the NHS simply isn't functioning the way it should be

Author: Ian Woodbridge
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Been waiting for wifes blood results tried making appointment was told we wud have to travel to crowle for 1 finally got telephone appointment in 3 weeks time for results what a joke
