Practice: DR GT HENDOW'S PRACTICE
Canonical code: B81616
Postcode: HU7 4DW
Google Maps title: DR GT HENDOW
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 15
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/DR+GT+HENDOW/@53.7873543,-0.323967,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4878be8f48f29ef9:0x24fb4ec4104706cd!8m2!3d53.7873512!4d-0.3213867!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjgzwkt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B81616-dr-gt-hendows-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Linda Johnson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Hendow is a fantastic doctor. He has looked after myself, my children and their children (my grandchildren), three generations. I can not fault any thing. His staff members are also practice to a high standard. They are professional and also caring. This practice has always gone that extra mile, above and beyond. We have been blessed to have had Dr Hendow 's and his team taking good care of us. We will miss Dr Hendow and his full team. Such a safe practise and I think it is of general opinion to say I don't think we will get this standard of care else where. We wish Dr Hendow and his team all the very best for their future, and one massive thankyou for every thing you have done for us, you will be missed ❤️.

Author: Ivan Aguilar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
The only redeeming feature of this practice is the fast appointment availability—often you can be seen on the same day. However, the overall experience leaves much to be desired. Despite a consultation room adorned with numerous awards and a home-like ambiance, the GP’s approach is notably outdated. In general, communication is a challenge—you often have to chase down simple answers and clarify details repeatedly, which raises concerns about medication interactions and proper follow-up care. For example, rather than providing clear explanations or appropriate referrals for more complicated issues, the GP tends to offer vague guidance and even suggests using treatments that aren’t in line with current best practices. As an example, one time he suggested me to get a cream in a different country that was banned in The UK (there must be a reason for it) to treat a skin condition after he couldn’t manage to treat it effectively, so I had to keep booking appointments after he (finally) decided to do a referral (which for him means to send him images using a link he sends to your phone) to be seen (well( I never saw anybody but he said he communicated with the specialist) by a dermatologist. Overall, if you’re dealing with a very minor issue like a common cold, the quick appointment might be acceptable. But for anything more complex, you’re likely to be frustrated by a lack of clear, modern, and thorough care. I would not recommend this practice if you need comprehensive or up-to-date treatment.

Author: Craig Barlow
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient for a long time I have been with the surgery for 30+ years my original doctor was dr denetto I can honestly say I have never had an issue with the dr or the surgery dr Hendow Listens to my issues and gives good advice he has helped me see a few specialists and the only delays I have had is from the hospitals I could of changed drs along time ago when I moved from Bransholme but because the service was really good I stayed and this was the best thing I did

Author: karl wood
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Not a good experience with this GP went to see him a couple of months ago with swollen and painful lymph nodes under both arms and was told to come back in 6 weeks if they hadn’t gone he didn’t even put down on record that I had seen him for this reason just put patient catch up. The NHS website recommends 2 weeks then seek further advice. I went to him as there is history of multiple types of cancer in my immediate family. Then I went back to him with a weight loss of 10 pounds within a few weeks for no reason only to be told by Dr Hendow I don’t know why you have lost weight. Have no confidence in what he says at all. Only plus point the reception staff are wonderful.

Author: N0BLE 0MEN
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Always closed, yet says its open. Not very helpful

Author: Sheila Johnson
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
After joining this surgery a few years ago its the best thing I could have done everyone is so friendly the staff are so brilliant at least when you phone you get a person to speak to and not put in a queue. Dr hendow is so nice and caring I am so glad to be with his surgery

Author: Katie R
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Not great. Changed to this practice a few years ago after moving into the area. I was pregnant at the time and received very old and potentially dangerous advice around a feeding issue when my child was a newborn. Fast forward a few years after suffering with a cancer diagnosis I was left with a GP who refuses to prescribe meds due to my cancer background! Avoid.

Author: The Shadow Network
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I have needed an operation for months, with two options, a full or partial removal of the problematic area. Firstly Hendow referred me as a routine despite time being of the essence, secondly I currently have the mother of all infections due to having to wait so long for the operation. I have reached my limit and am finally willing to have the full removal if it means it's done sooner or later and he has just condescendingly spoke down to me on the phone calling me a "Baby that needs to make his mind up". Absolute disgrace that this "man" is allegedly the best in the city. A time waster and terrible bedside manner.

Author: paul michelle
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
paul michelleLocal Guide · 9 reviews · 2 photos3 years ago

Author: Ron Keczkes
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Hendow is quite simply the best GP in Hull. Dr Hendow and his amazing team are incredibly knowledgeable and personable, and we feel extremely lucky to be on their patient list. His team genuinely care about their patients. Thanks to all of you for your continued hard work; you are a credit to the profession.
