Practice: POSTERNGATE SURGERY
Canonical code: B82074
Postcode: YO8 4QH
Google Maps title: Posterngate Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Posterngate+Surgery/@53.7813298,-1.0736118,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48793cfb82f83959:0x4c74ae3cddae8671!8m2!3d53.7813267!4d-1.0710315!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfwpgzl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82074-posterngate-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Robert Newby-Batty
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Robert Newby-Battya month ago

Author: Janice Woodward
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I want to share my appreciation for the care and kindness I have experienced from staff at Posterngate Surgery. In particular I want to mention Dr Christine Johnston who was so very kind and understanding at my first appointment. She put me at ease within a minute, enabled me to relax and feel safe enough to speak openly about issues I haven't felt able to speak about to anyone else in over 40 years, referring me to internal colleagues to help address associated problems. I thank them too. However, Dr Johnston isn't the only Dr at Posterngate who provided great care with kindness and understanding. Dr Stockley has dealt with a couple of issues with understanding offering solutions and acting on decisions made quickly to help improve my health. Thank you to all staff for your care and assistance. Janice .

Author: Jo Backhouse
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can’t fault this surgery. We have been patients for almost 30 years. The doctors, and all staff we have been seen by, are wonderful. Thank you.

Author: Florin Pana mare
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Florin Pana mare2 months ago

Author: Catty 123 Catty 123
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently had the Covid flu vaccination administered by Harrison, and I wanted to take a moment to express my gratitude for his exceptional care. As a neurodiverse individual with a sensitivity to pain, I was anxious about the procedure. However, Harrison's kindness, empathy, and professionalism put me at ease. He's a truly exceptional young man who takes the time to explain everything clearly and reassuringly. His gentle and considerate approach made the experience much more comfortable than I had anticipated. I was thoroughly impressed by his professionalism and compassion, and I feel fortunate to have had him administer my vaccination. Thank you, Harrison, for providing such excellent care.

Author: Laura Teasdale
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely amazing staff go above and beyond as always. Receptionist called Laura was very helpful and got me seen on same day Would also like to thank dr Bradley wood for everything and again going above and beyond thank you so much for everything you have done

Author: JOSEPHINE BARKER
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Another excellent experience. Diane Butterworth the medical practitioner had obviously done her research prior to my appointment & was able to complete a manoeuvre which helped with my vertigo symptoms. I was also sent home with links to YouTube videos & exercise plan. I never expected such thoughtfulness expertise & can only marvel at this very clever lady.

Author: John Macca
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What a shame this surgery continues to allow the rudest people to grace this earth to greet and communicate with patients in the most abhorrent way possible. The finest of specimens being Wendy, whose officiousness and high self esteem you’d think was a DR herself. Like the rest of these reviews our family will be going elsewhere. Oh and the parking is a nice little money maker too, Xmas parties must be better nowadays.

Author: Jo Chetwyn
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very sorry to say I had to vote with my feet after almost 40 years and switch to an alternative surgery. Quality of care just wasn't good enough. Waited weeks for appointments and then invariably had to wait 45 to 60 minutes sat in the waiting room when the appointment day finally arrived. This wait is only added to by the GP having to walk to the waiting room and call patients then wait to escort them to room, the screen calling system in place pre Covid worked so much better but never returned. Felt rushed by some of the GPs when in consultation. Hospital test results not followed up, no follow up on symptoms. Reception seemed to frown upon using online form to request non urgent appointments but yet insisted on sending a form to my phone when I turned up at the surgery to request an appointment. Double dosage if HRT incorrectly supplied. Made an official complaint to the surgery manager and to be fair received a well considered and balanced response but this did not make up for the poor service that was continuing to decline, hence i registered elsewhere. Such a shame as the surgery itself is a nice environment and some of the GPs are lovely....they are in the minority though and badly let down by others. Last CQC review was in 2016 and rated the surgery GOOD....a lot has changed since then. Covid appears to have been the straw that broke the camel's back. A sad sign of the times!

Author: Damien Park
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only commend the services I have got in the last few months. Very compassionate and listened too and ensured I got the tests I need. Granted one scan was a long wait at Malton but that's not the NHS' s fault. Years of underfunding has nearly destroyed something that's so valuable. I'm still going through my issue but have full faith in the team at Posterngate to support me through this.
