Practice: UNITY HEALTH
Canonical code: B82047
Postcode: YO10 5LA
Google Maps title: Unity Health - Kimberlow Hill Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 163
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Unity+Health+-+Kimberlow+Hill+Surgery/@53.9504408,-1.0319058,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879304d80653d93:0xbbae885be6c6c101!8m2!3d53.9504377!4d-1.0293255!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11hc_0hccy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82047-unity-health.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Miriam Smith
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
My T1 Diabetic husband has been absolutely neglected by this practise. Repeat prescriptions on multiple occasions ( sometimes for insulin itself…) carelessly removed without warning causing him painfully long waits (14+ hours) for the out of hours service for insulin… his life saving medication. When contacted about this - the practise claims it was removed because he was overdue a routine checkup *that he was not even contacted about*. I do appreciate the strain NHS workers can feel - but this is shocking. Very dissapointed

Author: Brian Tanner
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Efficient and always helpful. Thank you.

Author: Angus files
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This was quite possibly the worst service I’ve ever received. 3 modes of communication tried on my end, with no success/response. An impolite receptionist and long waiting times for any form of response: One month ago I emailed about my problem, after two weeks of waiting I received an email which informed me to make an appointment. At which point I was told to phone reception. As the GP is a five minute walk, however, I decided to simply go to reception in person. Upon arriving I was met with a very condescending and impolite encounter from the receptionist. I told her I’d like to arrange a GP appointment, at this point she told me I should’ve received a link from the email — of which I did not and I informed her of this multiple times. Instead of moving the conversation forward, she engaged in a back and forth argument over whether or not I received a link? Only on my own initiative to move the conversation forward, did we actually move on. Then when I tried explaining that a hospital I was previously with never followed up on an appointment I arranged, she simply denied and argued with me again over whether or not this happened? Anyway, by the end of it she told me she’d send me a link and I could book an appointment. A few days went by and I’d received no link. Upon which my condition reoccurred and worsened. By this point I phoned again to reception, this time I was met with a lovely receptionist who was helpful. Again, however, I was told I’d receive a link and it’s now been one week since then (my condition has twice reoccurred) and I’ve still not received a link. I’ve been told today after ringing 111 to go to A&E. What could’ve been sorted out and solved a while ago has now resorted in an A&E visit.

Author: Precious 95
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Precious 95a month ago

Author: Ariel Lord
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ariel Lord1 review2 months ago

Author: Alfie Exall
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It was chill and the service was good

Author: Joe Welsh
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had mixed emotions, although I was repeated wrongly diagnosed forcing me to go private. My recent experience with Jo when booking blood test and getting my results has been excellent so quick and easy. The team are friendly just didn’t get referred to a consultant or a correct diagnosis..

Author: sophie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had mixed experiences with the practice, but overall I know they’re trying to do their best in an underfunded system that is making it difficult for them to operate. The clinic is nice and large, large waiting room, clean, water on offer. There are parking restrictions though so look out for signs in the car park. It is convenient for students, though registration can take a long time. I was able to register quickly a few years ago, as I had some very severe mental health issues that needed immediate attention, but for students needing routine gp appointments this process will take longer. It’s best to sign up as soon as possible. Some of the receptionists are kind and understanding. There is at least one receptionist who has the compassion of a sociopath, I do not like talking to her. She does not care about people’s issues or want the best outcomes for patients. I feel like she is taking out her dissatisfaction on patients. Most of the others are somewhere between fine and nice. Their way of operating is a little weird also. If you have a problem you are often not booked into an appointment, rather put on a waiting list to book an appointment a few weeks later. Sometimes I have tried to book an appointment from the link they sent and there have been none available. Also, even when 111 or the NHS website suggests an urgent GP appointment, they still have made me wait for a routine appointment. For sexual health problems or period problems they have specific nurses that help, and that is who you book in with. It is important that if you are looking to be referred to a specialist, you ask for a GP, as these nurses cannot do that. Also, their appointments are scarce. It’s annoying that you are often not assigned a specific dr, just who is available. Since I have been quite regularly, I have seen multiple staff members frequently. Most of them are nice and compassionate. I think only one or two did not take my concerns seriously, and I did not see them again. It’s worth noting that because of the financial difficulties public healthcare has, the practice often prioritises private patients. I would imagine other practices are similar. Not a criticism of the practice as they are doing what they must to survive. I give it 5 stars because I want the staff to know that their hard work is appreciated, and I know it’s not their fault. Certain staff members should be trained in compassion, because they are the ones bringing your ratings down.

Author: gemma sharp
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely brilliant kind patient understanding staff a total pleasure of a doctors surgery from receptionist to clinical staff.

Author: Kit Rads
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely rude and dismissive receptionist. I called to book an emergency appointment and they dismissed me within 30 seconds of calling. Funny how they treat someone with asthma and a chest infection requesting an emergency appointment. Would give 0 stars but that’s not possible.
