Practice: EASTFIELD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: B82024
Postcode: YO11 3LJ
Google Maps title: Eastfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Eastfield+Medical+Centre/@54.2387793,-0.400031,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487f48166f6f302b:0xd1fc6252dc201e18!4m8!3m7!1s0x487f481667b4648d:0x622f13379570131e!8m2!3d54.2387762!4d-0.3974507!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vfwcf23?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82024-eastfield-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mark Danks
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Their lead gp refused to help me with any of my mental health problems. I demanded another gp they refused so I left.

Author: Joo Phin Ooi
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Called at 8:20 in the morning and was told my appointment is at 12pm. We asked for text confirmation but never received one. Arrived at the old address and called to ask why it wasn’t open. Got told the new address and only then received a text saying my appointment is at 3:40pm. Arrived at 3:42pm, was in the queue for ages and the receptionist stared at us with disgust to say we’re 8 minutes late. Showed no empathy and no apology for telling us the wrong appointment time. Clearly does not relate to how it feels like to be sick.

Author: Edward Asquith
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Edward Asquith461 reviews · 5,902 photosEdited 3 weeks ago

Author: L Smit
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My husband called the centre this morning to ask for a REPEAT PAIN PRESCRIPTION and was told he'd have to wait THREE DAYS. I called back and asked if this could be changed as my husband was in a lot of pain from his operation(s). It was a repeat, not a new script so I couldn't see the problem. The receptionist was incredibly abrupt, verging on rude. She constantly talked over me, to the point where I had to ask her if she'd actually heard what I was saying. After a long hold, she came back and said the meds would be put on "Urgent", and would be sent to our local pharmacy. That was before noon. Ans so we waited, calling the pharmacy every hour, and finding they had FAILED to send over the prescription, we tried to call the surgery to see what was going on. At 3pm, we were 19th in the queue. At 5pm, at 3rd place, they hung up on us. To say I am livid is an understatement. If I wasn't disabled, and they miles away, there would be blood on the moon. In short, we still have no pain meds and we've wasted a very stressful day waiting for no reason. I can't help but wonder if this isn't some petty discrimination because I didn't capitulate to the 3 day wait? I'm now going to write to the Practice Manager, my local Integrated Care Board, NHS England and my MP. How DARE they treat us like this. I had very little faith in this surgery anyway, having been let down by them before. This just puts the seal on it.

Author: Christine Hill
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery has been closed for months. Telephone appointments are anytime from 8-6 . I have a chronic illness and haven't been seen once in the 10 months I have been with this practice.

Author: maggie constable
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yesterday I met Sammy, with the Assistant Manager of Eastfield Medical Centre, whose name I didn't register(sorry!). Sammy is one of the Management Team also. They were both very kind in answering my questions regarding the flooding of the Centre and other issues. Despite all the theories, and sometimes stories, I've heard from locals or online, it is important to know that the building itself is owned by a landlord, who, it seems, may have been aware that the building needed checking and certainly regularly updating inside and out. Since the unfortunate flood, some 17 weeks ago, which caused all the damage, these two women&colleagues have been working tirelessly to find available alternative accommodation, particularly in the Eastfield locale, without any success. Surgeries such as St Lawrence and Brook House have been very helpful in sharing their space. Most recently, the wonderful St Catherine's Hospice not far from the Scalby Rd in Scarborough, has assisted by lending a pod to be placed near Eastfield Medical Centre. However, there were some problems with it, related to weather again. St Catherine's Hospice has now, very kindly, shared it's beautiful premises with Eastfield Medical Centre and I was able to go there for a blood test. Whilst this may not seem ideal, in terms of travel, for some people, it is the best solution availableat present. What a lovely place and with a superb café one can use! All the Eastfield Medical Centre staff have spent the last 4months, some working from home initially, many dealing with upset, confused or irate patients very calmly getting on with the job when Lawrence&Brook House& became the venues! This is noone's fault, apart from bad weather, and all we can do is support the whole team, thank them and praise them for their patience, resilience and time! They too have had to keep changing accommodation! It appears, fingers crossed, that the Medical Centre could be back in use in the foreseeable future, but that will ONLY be the case when the Managers are completely sure and have had it confirmed that the building is totally safe inside and out. Thanks to all of you for your efforts. It is very easy to complain, legitimately at times, but it is good to show appreciation also.

Author: Jess Burley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been on the phone waiting for 40 minutes being told I am caller number 1 since 8:00. This is absolutely unacceptable

Author: Susan Pinder
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My father in law who was admitted to hospital with a chest infection four weeks ago also has dementia and the doctor who treated him in A/E said it was insignificant for him to be there as he could be treated in the community with GP visits. and the home has said once they get a letter from the GP to say he can be treated in the home which iv tried to obtatain since his discharge they are happy to keep him there my father has oxygen he's 92 and really doesn't need all this. Its appalling the centre just fobbed me off saying it's at admin and will put it out as urgent also the home has tried again got fobbed off now today someone from the practice is supposed to be calling into the home to hand the letter in no show!! My father is getting weaker and will need key drugs in place shortly.

Author: Josh Stewart
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been at this surgery since feb 25, never had any issue here, quality service for me and my children, can’t recommend enough, Dr Innocent especially. Even recently with the eastfield practice closed due to flooding, the service has remained outstanding

Author: Mary Davoile
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Mary Davoile3 reviews9 months ago
