Practice: DYNELEY HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: B82053
Postcode: BD23 2HZ
Google Maps title: Dyneley House Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dyneley+House+Surgery/@53.9604733,-2.0168522,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bf3950d1c5bd3:0x76e385b842b055a7!8m2!3d53.9604702!4d-2.0142719!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf1b9g6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82053-dyneley-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jack Beetham
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
Really unhelpful lady on the phone. Really ill, suffering with potentially a virus who knows maybe even meningitis seen as there’s an outbreak and she goes ‘oh you’ve got what everyone’s got’ so I go ‘everyone? My girlfriend hasn’t got it’ she goes ‘she will do’ I think realising she’d been unhelpful and poor at her job she tried saving the call. But terrible terrible experience, basic empathy training would not be remiss. Or a new line of work, a pneumatic drill operator perhaps as she definitely does not have that soft touch.

Author: Rosalie Storey
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to get through to make an appointment, was number one in queue but waited over 25 mins for the call to be answered! Was informed there was only ONE person answering calls, ONE person for a Monday morning when ill people are queuing to be answered! Skipton has doubled in size over last couple of years and yet they have just one person taking calls on a busy Monday morning. It's no wonder people give up and end up at A and E. This surgery has gone downhill since Covid and management of this surgery is non existent!

Author: Elaina Margrave
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP surgery I've ever used..great staff. Quick efficient service

Author: Amber Broughton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Amber Broughton1 reviewa month ago

Author: Lord James Taylor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dy-nearly house, this place is total joke.

Author: cheekychopsem
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've just registered at this practice after moving to the area, and I have already received amazing care. Dr Petitt called me immediately after I submitted a request for a consultation, and set the wheels in motion to be seen for a long term female 'situation' that I don't feel my former practice took too seriously. I saw Dr Seabourne yesterday after having a telephone consultation the previous week, and I immediately felt listened to, and that the practice were going above and beyond to get me seen at Airedale for treatment I probably needed long ago! Dr Seabourne was friendly, encouraging and I feel confident that choosing to register at this practice was an excellent decision!

Author: Kevin Holden
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kevin HoldenLocal Guide · 7 reviews · 56 photos6 months ago

Author: N Mah
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My friend went here for troubles with sexual health, the doctors completely dismissed her symptoms and condition and acted as if they didn’t care. She had to go else where for a second opinion which she had to pay for only to find out she has pcos, absolutely disgraceful treatment from this practice, will definitely not be going here.

Author: Ann Postlethwaite
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service diagnosed by Doctor using on line system, antibiotics sent immediately to pharmacy for collection... sample sent to lab... results received following day confirming original diagnosis. Needed to contact surgery on completion of medication was offered a same day appointment. Couldn't ask for a more efficient or professional service. THANK YOU to all at Dyneley House.

Author: Victoria Griffin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Find it abit offensive to receive a text message saying In the last month more that 200 appointments were missed by patients at Dyneley House Surgery. These could have been used by other patients and cost the NHS money. If you cannot attend an appointment please let us know as soon as possible, either online or by calling. Patients who frequently miss appointments will be removed from the practice. Kind Regards Dyneley House Surgery When I haven't even had an appointment with them for over 6 months.
