Practice: NORTH HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: B82008
Postcode: HG4 1HL
Google Maps title: North House Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/North+House+Surgery/@54.1391043,-1.5286524,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sNORTH+HOUSE+SURGERY+HG4+1HL!3m8!1s0x487eac4a2682a025:0x29d71d5e6fe8a4cf!8m2!3d54.1391043!4d-1.5238888!9m1!1b1!15sChtOT1JUSCBIT1VTRSBTVVJHRVJZIEhHNCAxSEySAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1vfp7s75?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82008-north-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gemma Jones
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery told me 2 years ago my scan results were all normal. I’m now at a new GP practice and they looked back to them results and they were NOT normal at all, I’ve suffered for two years with a condition that could have had treatment thanks to their negligence. If you’re awaiting for results of anything DON’T trust what they tell you ask for copies.

Author: Ann Oultram
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A massive thank you to Alison in the dispensary today at North House surgery in Ripon. She was incredibly helpful sorting out my husbands medication. She went the extra mile to help us get everything in place following his discharge from hospital. 👏👏 …

Author: K.A.R.S Kev's Auto Repair Service
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I first felt very comfortable here but due to long time bone disease and spine issues my options are prescribed drugs. After 2 months referred to physio who said cannot help my condition I then contacted the surgery and was told that they have tried most pain medication and was out of options. My mental health has suffered significantly and when mentioned to the doctors I've seen was told it's a side effect to the medication. Dr Henderson was very rude and abrupt, in the way I was feeling at this phone appointment I was left speechless and unable to describe how I was feeling.

Author: Vicky Linch
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Great doctor, scary receptionists quite rude and can not answer the phone in a proffesional manner, hello, how can I help. I could be talking to anyone, even the local chinese for all i know!! Some are great but one or two let the surgery down, and need training in customer service.

Author: Dominite xd
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dominite xdLocal Guide · 13 reviews11 months ago

Author: Madison Leach
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best doctors ever. Always go out of their way to help you. I am not a registered patient but had something I needed sorting quickly. I called at 5pm on a Friday and was registered and seen by 5:30. Amazing service - receptionist was also lovely!!!

Author: Abygail Jones
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't usually do reviews, but I am sick of the quality of service I receive from reception. One time I called I was met with 'yes?' and very rude and to-the-point attitude when I asked for the help I needed. I once dropped off a sample, was told by the doctor to call the next day, called back after lunch the day after and was told it was 48 hours for results. Called back the day after, after lunch and was told it was a week I'd be waiting (I was severely dehydrated and the results would have told me whether I'd need a hospital visit or not). Another time I had to drop off another sample, I was told to come in on the day if I could, managed to get off work early and come in at 5pm, was met at the desk by a child in a school uniform?? They told me matter of fact that it was 5pm, I questioned why this was relevant, I was told they don't take samples, I advised I was told to drop it off asap and this is the only time I can come in, they took it and I was told 48 hours. I called back 2 days later after lunch and queried this, was told it hadn't been tested yet, this was back in April and I'm still waiting for the results (lol). Earlier in the year, I was called despite not making an appointment, the doctor asked what I needed, I confusedly said I had no idea, I hadn't made an appointment, they then read out my full name and address, and asked if I had a throat infection, I said no, they said it must have been a mistake. So I took somebodies call? And they told me their ailment? Thank god it wasn't something very personal. I called this morning for a nurse, and was met with a very abrupt woman who asked what it was for, when I told her, she asked whether I'd done the relevant things doing needed before I make my visit, I said yes, she then asked my postcode and I must have gone in to quite a bad reception area, she then asked for my postode again, I tried to give her it, but she cut me off, she must have only heard HG4 because she responded with 'yes, everyone in the area has a HG4 postcode, I need the last part', I said (rather aggravated at this point, and also trying to move in to an area with better signal) I'd just given her it and tried to give her it again, only to be hung up on. People call for help and honestly, I'm sometimes anxious to call in case I'm met by unkind staff, which is mostly the case. I can't imagine being someone with severe anxiety, too afraid to call and get the help they need because the staff are so abrupt and unkind. It's unprofessional and rude.

Author: Nick Dawson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Service has recently gone downhill massively, which is a huge shame because through the lockdown and the pandemic they were fast and reliable. I'm not sure why service seems to have utterly collapsed recently when it managed to survive all that. Have recently had a doctor's appointment in which the doctor could not help me with a physical ailment, which is fine. But didn't elaborate as to why. Leaving the receptionist to do it themselves and play 20 questions in front of the entire reception, very embarrassing. It says a lot when the receptionist seems to know more than the doctor.... When I got in the car to leave I then realized this same doctor had printed off the wrong prescription for me to collect, just to really hammer home that this guy doesn't know what he's doing. All of this was a few days ago. TODAY however I've been waiting for a phone appointment for weeks regarding a simple medication change to one I've been on before, meaning the call itself should be pretty straightforward. However someone put this appointment down as a face-to-face appointment when I was told on the day I booked it that this would be a phone appointment, I rang up and spoke to the receptionist and now I've had to cancel my plans this afternoon because I MIGHT get a call back today...... To repeat what I said at the start this practice was very professional during the pandemic and I'm amazed that the service provided didn't seem to be effected at all during the lockdown. Why is it collapsing now? It's such a shame.

Author: Sarah Holloway Lloyd
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I think this is an excellent GP Practice. In my experience you can always get an appointment when you need one and the doctors are professional and caring. I have recently developed a serious health condition and I have had wonderful treatment and care from the whole team.

Author: Henrietta Kirk Kane
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you. 😊 I just wanted to say a big thank you to Dr. Thomas who has seen me recently and has given me the best care and been so thorough in the way she has dealt with my problems but also extremely caring and compassionate in her manner. Dr Thomas has been a true professional and we are extremely lucky to have her as part of the team at North House surgery. Thank you again, it makes all the difference when you are feeling ill to have that extra care that goes above and beyond someone just doing their job.
