Practice: WHITBY GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: B82017
Postcode: YO21 1SD
Google Maps title: Whitby Group Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 55
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Whitby+Group+Practice/@54.4859985,-0.625641,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487f177b41fe3205:0xc56ead4151c5755f!8m2!3d54.4859954!4d-0.6230607!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfxg7nw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82017-whitby-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mahima Ajay
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had a really positive experience at Whitby group practice: The reception staff are always helpful and welcoming. A special mention to Cath, who was incredibly mindful when booking my appointments around my schedule. I was especially impressed that she remembered my availability at my next visit, it really made me feel valued as a patient. Dr Sarah Lennon was very professional and took the time to listen carefully to all of my concerns. She explained everything clearly, offered different options, and never dismissed any of the issues I raised. I felt genuinely heard and supported. Nurse Chloe was extremely knowledgeable and professional throughout. I’d also like to give a special mention to Rebecca, who was a wonderful and reassuring chaperone. Overall, a fantastic team who provide excellent care. Thank you all!

Author: Richard Holdsworth
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
No doctors is perfect but I've had a better than good service, every time, so far

Author: Nigel Roake
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Outstandingly amazing GP. Seen on time. Dr Salmon was fantastic. Super knowledgable, friendly and engaging. I cannot recommend this Practice highly enough.

Author: Heidi Tanner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always been tremendous, a fantastic surgery. I’ve no idea why they’re are some bad/off reviews. All GP’s are forever short staffed, lest we forget they can pick up the bugs, germs etc that we patients carry in to the Surgeries. I feel everyone should be extremely grateful for our NHS Services, how understaffed they can be, how vulnerable they can all be to viruses etc.. They should be applauded not criticised.

Author: Susan Harland
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Susan Harland5 months ago

Author: Graham Kemp
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Graham KempLocal Guide · 27 reviews · 4 photos5 months ago

Author: Nick
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have found this surgery very unhelpful and unwilling to get people on the correct medication for mental health they will be questioning one day why didn’t we do more but unfortunately for them the patient will no longer be here because they didn’t do enough to help mental health suffers live a normal life and have a peaceful life but they really don’t care they would rather us suffer alone in silence than get us on correct medication also they say we can’t prescribe this which is completely false I know doctors that have prescribed medication at the same surgery so they lie to you because they really don’t want you to have a peaceful life and be normal and happy if you have mental health don’t trust this place because it is disgusting how they deal with mental

Author: David Rowe
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
David Rowe11 months ago

Author: Martin Boyes
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have awarded 1 star simply because they tried to resolve my issue only in their own timeline. Following a phone appointment on Friday I was prescribed two new medications which I was told would be sent to my nominated pharmacy. However when I went to collect them on Friday afternoon (4pm) I was told only one item had been prescribed. I had to wait till 10am on Monday to find out the other item had been mistakably sent to a medical equipment supplier. They were in no rush to put this right rather I had to wait for the usual protocol. On top of this I was told I had to ring the medical equipment supplier to sort it out. Now come along Whitby group practice get your act together and learn from your mistakes and apply some management skills to prevent reoccurrence. It’s very clear this unit lives behind its own created systems that work in favour of the practice rather than the patient.

Author: Chris Millward
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is an absolute joke, every time I attend it’s like the Maria Celeste , one half term week there seemed to be 5 doctors on holiday, then patients can’t get timely appointments. It’s about time the CQC re-audited this practice which it appears hasn’t happened since 2017, we need to complain to improve our services otherwise they will carry on this way.
