Practice: FILEY SURGERY
Canonical code: B82037
Postcode: YO14 9AE
Google Maps title: Filey Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 32
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Filey+Surgery/@54.2098238,-0.2945583,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487f4ed945716f11:0x825fd3d5de8d2339!8m2!3d54.2098207!4d-0.291978!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tvgtxlg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B82037-filey-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Angie Longman
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have just called Filey Surgery and I have to say the lady that answered the phone was so uncaring. I could have been an aged individual with no links to transport or someone with mobility issues but the person who answered the phone never even asked or gave a rats arse about the patient. All they said repeatedly were, we are extremely busy, you’ll have to go to Scarborough or Bridlington if you need a blood test before 24th March 2023. I cannot believe how she is working as a receptionist for. Community Surgery. I hope that call was recorded and the practice manager uses it to demonstrate how NOT to handle an incoming call.
Practice response date: 2 weeks ago
Practice response:
We are sorry you are disappointed with the standard of service at Filey Surgery. We will share your comments with our teams. If you wish to submit a complaint for formal investigation please email hnyicb-ny.b82037.patientengagement@nhs.net

Author: helen courtauld
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have lived in a few other counties over the years,and it is my opinion that this surgery is the worst I have had-'
Practice response date: 2 weeks ago
Practice response:
We are sorry you are disappointed in our surgery. You can submit a complaint for formal investigation by emailing hnyicb-ny.b82037.patientengagement@nhs.net

Author: Pat Gilham
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you very much for your 5 star review. We appreciate your feedback which will be shared with our staff at their team meetings.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you very much for your 5 star review. We appreciate your feedback which will be shared with our staff at their team meetings.

Author: Ccc z
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not the place to go if you want your health to improve.

Author: Carolyne Finley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give this place a zero star review I would. I write this from personal experience and from what I've been told by many local people. I have no faith in them at all.

Author: Brooke Auty
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only interested in meeting targets that are thrust upon them by the government. Eg: some cancer targets for Yorkshire as a whole. Waiting room is horrible, it's never seen a decorator in years. Posters are frightening; 'what to do if your heart stops'; TV screen full of dire warnings. The seating is unhygienic as is the flooring. On the rare occasions I have to very reluctantly go, I see the same patients staggering eagley in. Avoid it if you can. I think the human body is best without being stuffed with drugs or surgeries. I think the best health advice for Filey locals is to lay off the booze and fatty foods. I'm on the wait list for something but I keep getting texts (for nearly two years) saying sorry you're having to wait please let us know if you no longer want to be seen (!). My dog gets better treatment than I do at the vets. Some vets have air conditioning too.

Author: Ash Tyson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had made an appointment online as asked by the receptionist to be told there isn’t any appointments currently and I’d have to wait to even have an appointment, as my issue is time sensitive and important I rang up to see if they could quicken this process to a phone call appointment.. again I was told to wait on the triage service which isn’t a viable option. I rang 111 and with maybe 20mins they managed to get me a telephone consultation at my local go for the same day and within the hour.. Filey surgery’s reception staff are clearly incompetent or not caring enough to do thier jobs efficiently enough to see that I could be squeezed in by the end of the day. The rest of the surgery is fine and the doctors are nice and efficient at what they do, that’s if you get to see them. Overall really bad service with is key to making appointments, I’d hate to imagine how the elderly cope with this process and explains GoW so many suffer with illness to the point of it being serious and out of the surgery’s hands. No point in the reception would be better as AI
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Mr Tyson, please can we point out that it is not our receptionists who determine when a patient is booked into an appointment. Any requests for an appointment with a Doctor are triaged by a clinician. This process ensures that people with medical conditions who need to be seen urgently are given appointments soon and for routine conditions an appointment is made at a future date. Our receptionists follow our protocol and inform the patient of the clinicians' decision and organise an appropriately timed appointment. We are sorry that you felt this was not suitable and will respond directly.

Author: Vinsmoke Vintage
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely ridiculous!! I brought my 7 days old daughter in as I was worried about her health as she was struggling to breath through her nose and we the doctor who saw us had a cough and was coughing over her without covering her mouth. We ended up asking for a different doctor to see us. It should be common sense to not have doctors with coughs or that aren’t well to be examining newborn babies!! Absolutely fuming!!

Author: Joseph Rodgers
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Having had some mental health problems for some years, made worse now , by a physical problem , the mental health nurse there told me it would be helpful for me to see a doctor about the physical thing as thart might help my mental health , you have to fill in an online form to request anything, which I did , waited 7 hours, no response , so phoned them , they hadn't got it and I'd have to go back and do it all again , as reception cant do anything to help , which I did , the reponce by text - no appointment s available, and they'd let me know , - brilliant !

Author: Sue Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went for my flu jab along with my husband this morning and must say that the experience was brilliant from start to finish, very well organised. Walked in and greeted by a volunteer who advised us where to go, straight in for a painless jab and out, all within a matter af minutes. Big shout out to volunteers and staff, exceptional service, Filey Surgery.
