Practice: HOLLYNS HEALTH & WELLBEING
Canonical code: B83045
Postcode: BD14 6NF
Google Maps title: Hollyns Health & Wellbeing - Clayton
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hollyns+Health+%26+Wellbeing+-+Clayton/@53.7796201,-1.8179645,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487be6586a5f6521:0x466d9647bc7a1f7f!8m2!3d53.779617!4d-1.8153842!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjfgd5p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B83045-hollyns-health-and-wellbeing.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Adventurer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is beyond awful. They have two locations, Clayton and Allerton. God help you if you are a patient at Allerton, everything is centred around Clayton. All your hospital information goes there, never to be see again. Allerton is currently closed leaving all their Allerton patients without healthcare, thanks. My partner phoned yesterday for an appointment, one of the customer service people who seem to gatekeeping the place said he needed to see a physiotherapist, how she worked that out I don’t know. She’s not even seen him and her job is answering the phone!! Then of course there are no appointments at Allerton, Clayton only. My partner was about to reluctantly take this but then she changed her mind and insisted he fill in their online form. And that was it, no questioning whether he was capable of using the website/online form, no asking his preference of phone or online. Absolutely no concern that he would have to trail across to the other side of town when there is a surgery five minutes away that they have closed for some reason. They just done seem to care about people who need their help and there is even less care for anyone who can’t trail across town to Clayton or who may not be able to or want to fill in their online form. The NHS website says they are currently taking on new patients!! That is ludicrous, they can’t even look after the ones they already have. Why they don’t just admit they can’t provide care for the Allerton patients and close that site I don’t know.

Author: Abbas Ahmed
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rude staff working here. Rang to make an appointment for my poorly 1 year old. Waiting in a queue of 8 calls which is totally understandable but a man called JOE finally answered after 40 minutes. Upon answering the call he asked the reason, so I told him I am calling in regards an appointment for my baby. He then suggested I should book online. I told him I normally do book appointments online for myself however I’m not sure how to book online for my little girl can you help. His reply was well if you can do online shopping I’m sure you can book an appointment online. I made the point of if I was an elderly and could not use the online platforms would your response be the same, his reply was no we would help the elderly. Clear discrimination. I find it quite ironic when you call and wait they say any abuse towards staff will not be tolerated however they can speak to members of public in such a manner. I’m not surprised to see the negative reviews for Hollyns wellbeing Clayton absolutely poor and shocking behaviour from JOE.

Author: Kace W
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kace W1 review5 months ago

Author: Chris Bland
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Linda bland. Its just horrendous trying to get an appointment with a doctor. 27th in queue got to 7th then call failed. Rang back 47th in queue. Just not acceptable I won’t go on. Something needs to be done. It’s very worrying I’m 75 and ended up seeing a physio as doctors were at full capacity 🤦‍♀️ …

Author: Chris Sean
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst practice in the Uk !, 1 week I called every day from 8 am waited 50 people on queue to tell ditch me our that they don’t have no appointments

Author: Iain Newby
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. They keep taking my medication away without notice, even my statins were stopped and said they needed to review but didn't even test my cholesterol levels. The appointment before about them getting to take my back medication away I've been prescribed for life, it was a nurse who made the appointment and was so eager to tell me I've been doing nothing to help myself with it !! even though I've re trained profession, changed my lifestyle, do daily exercises. Disgusting. This surgery is rotten !!! Came worst in Bradford in the recent T & A local paper review

Author: Incognito Live
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dangerous to make any blood test - the stuff is so bad in taking blood , you are in pain with the damaged vein and hope no infection cuz everything is without sanitary ever!!! Need more qualified stuff for the nursery !

Author: Lola Lexi86
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had a problem with the surgery. Quite easy to book in with the nurse for depo injection. Receptionist is helpful and any issues with repeat prescriptions are sorted out. It is very rare I have an issue with anything at the surgery

Author: Rob Saville
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The system they have for prescriptions is shambolic. Should not be allowed to be called health and wellbeing.

Author: Mollie Harris
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wasn’t able to speak to the doctors, about my infection since the operation so called 111. Had antibiotics to now having developed a secondary infection and again I couldn’t speak to the doctors so 111 was called they sent a message to my doctors so Me and my mum waited for the doctors to call back at 10 past 3 and they never did. Just spoken to the receptionist and the doctor apparently tried to call me this is not true I’ve checked my phone log and had it on loud. 111 have advised to make a formal complaint which is what will happen. I would never shame a doctors surgery or be aggressive over the phone but now having to deal with the stress of my care needs not being met is unacceptable especially when it’s a secondary infection. I feel I’m left with no choice but to make a formal complaint.
