Practice: THE SALTAIRE & WINDHILL MEDICAL P'SHIP
Canonical code: B83039
Postcode: BD18 1QB
Google Maps title: The Saltaire & Windhill Medical Partnership
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 11
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Saltaire+%26+Windhill+Medical+Partnership/@53.8350167,-1.7881465,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+SALTAIRE+%26+WINDHILL+MEDICAL+P'SHIP+BD18+1QB!3m8!1s0x487be4757d5753ed:0xfb74c3dfd4b964c8!8m2!3d53.8350195!4d-1.7667379!9m1!1b1!15sCi9USEUgU0FMVEFJUkUgJiBXSU5ESElMTCBNRURJQ0FMIFAnU0hJUCBCRDE4IDFRQloxIi90aGUgc2FsdGFpcmUgJiB3aW5kaGlsbCBtZWRpY2FsIHAgc2hpcCBiZDE4IDFxYpIBBmRvY3RvcpoBI0NoWkRTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VOaU1FdGxaMlZSRUFF4AEA-gEECFYQJw!16s%2Fg%2F11m__k8b1z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B83039-the-saltaire-and-windhill-medical-pship.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: WY Massage
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service. Want you out as soon as you get in, rushed and made to feel unwelcome and uncomfortable.

Author: K W
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
When we are now at the point this surgery pushes the responsibility of the health of long term patients residing in the UK all their lives and tax payers, and cutting dangerous corners by not carrying out pivotal tests as the practice have to pay the cost and telling hospitals to refer the practices patients instead…so the cost is on said hospital, and doing this ongoing, shows a lack of due diligence and safe guarding the well being of patients…how irresponsible are they?? In comparison to other local practices they fail significantly in their responsibility all in the name of cost cutting. I for one don’t want my care in their hands and I believe anyone should feel the same…

Author: Shahrzad Aminian
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
First and last visit ever. Before moving to my new home, whenever I visited a doctor, they would carefully review my medical history and take my concerns seriously. Unfortunately, this was not the case during my recent visit. The doctor I saw showed little interest in understanding my condition. She did not review my medical records or take the time to listen thoroughly. Instead, she dismissed my symptoms by saying, “Oh darling, you’ve had a very bad experience; you’re just panicking.” I found this extremely unprofessional and patronising. To put this into perspective, I have been hospitalised three times for the same infection: • Once for 30 days • Once for 10 days • And another time for 7 days Despite this serious medical history, she didn’t even order a basic blood test. Her only advice was to “take paracetamol and drink water.” The reception staff were polite and helpful, but I have nothing positive to say about the doctor. I will not be returning.

Author: Sharpo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
All nice enough but what I don't understand is , I was 8th in the call queue, cut off them tenth, when got through was told two weeks for an appointment, pushed it and then got same day day., then when I got there it was just me and one other person, massive waiting room empty and 3 reception staff nattering away. It's never busy but can't get appointments they just try fob you off. I don't think it's the individuals at fault but the process. Something is seriously wrong

Author: Dr Becky Alexis-Martin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Sadia Lala is brilliant! She's been so supportive and meticulous. Would recommend. Check in desk receptionists are lovely. Phone receptionists are hit-and-miss. One of them clearly thinks she's a doctor - and she's not. Might deter a less determined ill person.

Author: Gordon Mitchell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor practice went for blood pressure check on 15/5/24 HCA said that I need to see a Dr went to reception and she said earliest is 28 th of June and it won't be at Cliffe ave it be windmill right IAM disabled so how do I get they she more or less said well take it or leave it cliffe AVE surgery is like a ghost surgery compared to what it used to be like since they merged with salt aire both practices have gone downhill fast I wouldn't care they prescribe blood pressure tablets and there not working IAM under the care of cardiology department and other medical issues which they know about it's like sticking 2 fingers up and saying IAM ok jack the 2 senior drs spend more time doing other stuff which really not essential theys no point in changing drs because they are all the same as in when they go home they get a sweat on counting they money and that's what it's all about money patient care comes last what I fail to see why would you employ a business manager I thought the NHSis at breaking point so why would you employ someone to get new business when you can't control what you have This practice is ment for people who are healthy and have money to go private your just a inconvenience and another brick in the wall They's no tie up I asked about COVID booster and shingles jabs because IAM taking antiimune injections and they were supposed to get back to me they never did So fine if they short of money I send some money over to get themselves a coffee or tea IAM not bothered anymore because my death warrant was signed in Feb 2016 and I don't need the hassle of getting mucked around

Author: Anne Hinchliffe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had been with my previous doctors in Leeds for almost 40 years. However, 4 years ago I moved to Bradford and even though I was still in the catchment area of my Leeds doctors, I was referred to the Bradford mental health services team and was advised I should change my doctors to one in the Bradford area. Reluctantly I did so. I needn’t have worried at all. What can I say about this practice?… Well, where do I start… - What a fabulous modern, clean, easily accessible practice. - What lovely staff. The receptionists I have spoken to, the doctors I have had telephone consultations with, the nurses I have had blood tests with… every single one of them has been fantastic, they listen to you and nothing is too much trouble. - I have made requests for repeat prescriptions and letters and they are done promptly. Far quicker than I could ever ask. My experience over the last few months at this surgery has been excellent and they are an absolute credit to the NHS. Thank you very much to every single one of you, you are making this very distressing time in my life far easier with your kindness and professionalism. I am forever grateful

Author: Elaine Beckett
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Had my GP appointment for tomorrow cancelled due to no Doctor available, to then be offered a phone call appointment in 8 days time. Unreal. Might be time to change Doctor's

Author: Becky T
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
All staff are friendly and helpful. Never had trouble getting an appointment. Can’t fault them!

Author: Alison Shaw
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can’t complain about this practice really, they work very hard and seem to care about you. We are lucky to have a free NHS, thank you : )
