Practice: KEIGHLEY ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: B84010
Postcode: HX2 9LL
Google Maps title: Keighley Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 70
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Keighley+Road+Surgery/@53.7554823,-1.8969794,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487be85d208aa73b:0x942010763ac65796!8m2!3d53.7554792!4d-1.8943991!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1_jjw3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B84010-keighley-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lorraine Tempest
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Getting to see a gp now is like getting an appointment to see the king

Author: Me
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
As a veteran, I should have been correctly identified and referred under Op Restore 10 months ago, but the surgery has completely failed in its duty of care. To make matters worse, they changed my GP without even informing me. ​When I finally got through to speak to someone, I spent 10 minutes explaining the severity of my situation to a secretary who couldn't even put me through to a doctor. When I asked her to repeat my notes back to me, it was clear she hadn't recorded a single word I’d said. ​The final straw: they called me today, I rang back within seconds, and they now claim they have no idea who phoned me or why. This isn't just poor service, it’s a total failure to support a veteran in need of urgent surgical intervention. If you're looking for a clinic that actually cares about patient records or show empathy then stay well away from Keighley Road surgery. Also please note how they only give feedback on positive reviews. That's a zero stars from me. Total incompetence.

Author: Amanda Mee
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Amanda Mee1 review · 2 photosa month ago

Author: gayle m
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Patches system is totally useless tried ordering prescription it said l had been disconnected from patient Access account told receptionist she gave me a code to rejoin it after trying several times it let me in why couldn't she just order them for me as she told me which items l wanted instead of letting me struggle and l have been told to go to surgery to sort out access to Patches as l cannot appointments and other services needs sorting ASAP

Author: Beverley Rosier
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Beverley Rosiera month ago

Author: Kate Fozard
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
When I moved to Halifax 6 years ago and started using Keighley Road Service it was obvious to me immediately how superior the service here is, than that at my previous surgery. The receptionists have always been pleasant and helpful and the doctors I have seen have managed my needs with kindness and efficiency, whether at a GP appointment or in actioning a referral for more specialist assessment. The nursing staff too deserve a mention for their pleasant and caring approach - even when wielding a needle! Happy to have found you and 'thank you'. PS. Sad to say that over the last 3 years since I wrote the above review, the efficiency and accessibility of this surgery seems to have declined. Remote consultations are carried out by phone (if you’re lucky) and, on some days, there is no possibility to even request a phone consultation. It gives an impression of a big remove from the care and concern of former years . . . A sign of the times, I’m afraid.
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your kind words, I will pass them onto all members of the KRS team. Peter McIntyre Practice Business Manager

Author: Neville Deighton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke of a doctors give me 3 appointments for my diabetes foot check and I keep telling you I haven’t been to broad street for my first one yet but u still ring me and tell me to come for one and on the day u cancel saying I haven’t been to broad street like I already told you sick to death of being messed about do your job right if I could give no stars that’s what you would get

Author: Joanna Jarosz
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Joanna JaroszLocal Guide · 21 reviews · 8 photos2 months ago

Author: Jojo
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling.. just appalling! Im a truck driver who's found a lump under my armpit. I phones the surgery explaining my job and that im not due a break for hours yet. Could I speak to someone on phone..NO I have to fill out patches.. so illegally I have to do this or wait 4hours ro do it.. then its another day I qont get an appointment. Baring in mind there's cancer in my family. Then I get a patches message. I have to log in three different times to get to the message WHILE DRIVING A TRUCK IN THE MOTORWAY. then asked to explain up to 5 questions on how the lump looks feels and colour n texture.. I explain AGAIN my situation IM DRIVING A TRUCK AT WORK.. can I just have an appointment to see this lump.. more back n forth clearly not caring I coukd be putting lives at risk or losing my job. Eventually she gives me an app for two hours time... IM AT WORK.. no call no chat because I AM DRIVING... struggling to give details ... now im told if I cant make 1pm il just be on the list for a call back but it wont be today... it'll be next week now...

Author: Gary W
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Gary WLocal Guide · 22 reviews · 7 photos3 months ago
