Practice: ELMWOOD FAMILY DOCTORS
Canonical code: B85006
Postcode: HD9 3TR
Google Maps title: Elmwood Family Doctors
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Elmwood+Family+Doctors/@53.5784256,-1.786183,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bda48e9661567:0xc5085a17278842e2!8m2!3d53.5784224!4d-1.7836027!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0t_c86?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85006-elmwood-family-doctors.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: sandra Owen
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
always found doctors. and receptionist helpful.

Author: Fiona Martin
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having only joined the practice a week ago I have had a great experience getting a same day appointment and subsequently am feeling so much better! Really courteous staff, can’t fault them. Thank you! edit: almost four years later and sill have nothing but good words for this practice - thanks to the whole team for looking after myself and my family.

Author: Essta B420
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Used elmwood for over 20 years, a great practice with really good drs. One thing that needs addressing is tracy, the receptionist. she is rude arrogant and condescending. She must remember she is not a dr,asking totally innapropriate and confidential questions loudly in front of other people and also very openly discussing and in sime cases laughing about peoples cases behind the counter. totally unfit to be in such a position and is a bad mark on what is otherwise a great practice.

Author: James Carter
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ive been with this practice for nearly 40 years and I've recently found some of the Dr's very totalitarian, twice I've unilaterally have medication removed from repeat perscription. Im unregistered from the prac

Author: Christine Scott
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Christine Scott4 months ago

Author: Elizabeth Bamford
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can get a timely appointment, good, helpful doctors, PATCHES is useful, online system for checking results and ordering medications

Author: Sarah Hill
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely drs really helpful and can pretty much always get you in on the day you call. Really accommodating definitely recommend.

Author: Darrell Johnson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In the 6 years I lived in Holmfirth I went to the doctor’s once. In November 2024 I had endured knee pain for almost a year and it felt as though it was getting progressively worse. The doctor said he would send me for an Xray. I explained that it felt like something other than arthritis because of the intermittent nature of the pain, the fact it was a sharp, stabbing pain and the fact that it wasn’t all of the time - it was worse after prolonged exercise and downhill walking. I asked for a referral for an MRI via my private healthcare and they refused to do it. I had the Xray and it showed nothing abnormal. They then referred me for physio. I had physio for a few months and it made no difference and jd anything dangling weights from my knee to straighten my leg made it worse. After an awful holiday where I had to buy a walking stick, I approached my private healthcare provider to explain my situation and how unhelpful my doctor had been. Thankfully they immediately referred me to see a specialist who in turn got me in quickly for an MRI scan. I have now discovered I have fairly severe meniscus tears in both knees that require surgery. I feel that Elmwood doctors have wasted 6 months of my life - 6 months where I have had very restricted mobility as a result of excruciating pain. They could see from my records that I hadn’t visited a doctor in more than 10 years, so I was clearly not a time-wasting malingerer. If only they bothered to listen to the patient and use some common sense. I’m no doctor but I knew there was something wrong because the pain was awful at times.

Author: Adrian Hinchliffe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have used Elmwood Family Doctors over a number of years and have always had positive experiences with the doctors who have taken my appointments. In particular I would like to to make reference to Dr.Morton who has always been a most amazing,helpful,obliging and compassionate doctor during my visits. I would recommend this practice to anyone who has a need to register with a family doctor in the local area.

Author: 4etireminuti
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless visit. Been suffering from back pain and was given the advice to return back to the GP. Been told to do the exersizes which I am already doing.
