Practice: EIGHTLANDS SURGERY
Canonical code: B85020
Postcode: WF13 1HN
Google Maps title: Eightlands Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Eightlands+Surgery/@53.6898389,-1.6373782,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48796031b07e424d:0x722797271b528ed7!4m8!3m7!1s0x48796030ec669383:0x9eb15c35f9bcc425!8m2!3d53.6898358!4d-1.6347979!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tpx2p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85020-eightlands-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stray
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery, make everything difficult for disabled housebound patients leaving us for over a year with no support because they apparently dont do phone appointments and wont book appointments in advance to allow you to organise someone to come get you out of the house and to the surgery as you cannot go anywhere alone. Outright refusing reasonable adjustments which is illegal under the equality act but they know the disabled person has to fight them on it which i am too ill to do A terrible practice avoid at all costs.

Author: Kaz Lumb
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kaz Lumb3 months ago

Author: Scott Haigh
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Came in for a blood test and immediately felt at ease, the nurse Aisha, was calming, professional and most of all, kind. She had such a positive outlook on life and was a genuine joy to be around. Keep it up Aisha.

Author: Simon Oldfield
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A good doctor's surgery, helpful receptionist's

Author: Bev
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went a few weeks ago it was 1st time going to eightlands since changing doctors, its been a few years since seeing a doctor at all so had a few reasons to go, on the plus side i wasn’t waiting on the phone long and i did get same day appointment and wasn’t waiting there long when there and the doctor seemed nice but it felt like I was in there no more than 5 minutes when he stopped me and in his words said that today i had visited him with 3 issues and he would let me off because it was my first time coming to the surgery but in future i was only allowed to come with 1 issue at a time and i had to book more appointments if i had more than 1 reason, i was in there 5 minutes and it felt like he didn’t care he just wanted me in and out. i very rarely go to doctors and only ever go as last resort and as someone that works full time i don't have the time to book multiple appointments to go.

Author: SK
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
SK6 reviews9 months ago

Author: Claire S
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with surgery since birth and there has been alot of change over time but the Dr's are still Great. Dr Shakil Khan is a brilliant practitioner and the Nurse Emma is always lovely too. Reception are really nice and helpful and I've never had a problem getting an appointment. They all work hard to provide a great service.

Author: Fatima Ezzahra
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse department sexual locala.no response .1 month request to take appointment. So stupid honestly.westing our time 👎👎👎 …

Author: Maaya Kay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
First of all some of the receptionist staff are brilliant, appointments can be made easily, some of the doctors are great, but I have several grievances, firstly Nurse Emma Marshal dealt with me very unprofessionally and because of her lack of care in one of my appointments almost 2 years ago now, I was traumatised by an incident with her, unfortunately despite my complaint, nothing was done, now I’m having to explain and get frustrated with rectioptionist staff not to suggest apt with Emma despite repeatedly over the past almost years reiterating that I have no interest in booking an appointment with her and why! If I call and ask for a lady doctor why am I being given apt times for a nurse practitioner? Did I stutter!? Was I not clear enough in my request!? Several times I’ve had to cancel an apt when I received a text realising they booked me with her despite my specific request for it to be a LADY “DOCTOR”! Also my poor mum has been suffering with a terrible cough for over 2 years, I’ve been booking apt with the doctor every few weeks to come to a solution for her, but to no avail have we found the answer, over a month ago she was referred to Lung specialist and despite me ringing back, no appointment has been made, just a referral and no follow up to ensure she gets seen to asap! I am honestly exhausted from my whole experience and very disheartened and disappointed!

Author: Denise “Deedee” Driver
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
First of all praise where praise is due. Youve been amazing through this pandemic and I applaud you all I recently suffered a life changing condition and ve had to call the surgery numerous times receptionists Nicole and Saffy have been kind and understanding in trying to resolve a number of issues. Kudos also to Mandy who is as always efficient and brilliant at her job. My parents really appreciated your help whilst I was in capacitated so thank you ladies whilst handing out praise thank you to Dr Jones for checking in on me . Youve been 👍
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind words and positive review, we will share them with the entire practice team. We are glad to hear we have been able to support you and your parents - our patients are always our number one priority so reading … More
