Practice: HEALDS ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: B85055
Postcode: WF13 4HT
Google Maps title: Healds Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 138
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Healds+Road+Surgery/@53.7000258,-1.6529243,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48796020fb2f764b:0x734f5bc6f646779!8m2!3d53.7000227!4d-1.650344!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9vh7kb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 6
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85055-healds-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gamza Habib
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
There is a receptionist there named ruksana who is incredibly rude and acts as though she’s a doctor and refuses to give you an appointment. She’s been rude on many occasions especially when I was pregnant. This is why the surgery is so downgraded
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback however, having investigated the matter we do disagree with your version of events. We are happy to discuss the matter further with you and would ask you to contact the surgery to speak to a Manager if you wish to do so. Regards Healds Road Surgery

Author: Mohammed Akbar
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm leaving a 5 star review for Sadia Sattar for assisting me and for been patient . I'm also leaving a 5 star review for Doctor Iram Latif for also assisting me and been patient with me thank you

Author: Usman Dawood
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never have I come across a such incompetence. If I do in fact have cancer, I will be holding the staff responsible!
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback. Please contact the surgery and ask to speak to a Manager. This will enable us to investigate and discuss the matter further. Thank you Healds Road Surgery

Author: Asima Butt
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Asima Butt1 review3 months ago

Author: R
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst doctor surgeries i have ever been a patient of. There is no way of getting an appointment. The advisor will try there best to fob you off and tell you to go to the walk in centre… why take so many patients on if you cant handle them? Id give 0 stars if i could! They are more bothered about money than actual health needs of patients!!!
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback - we are sorry to hear that you are unhappy with the service provided. Unfortunately, we are unable to investigate the matter from the information provided. Please contact the management team at the surgery so that we can look into the matter further. Thank you. Healds Road Surgery

Author: Zara Shabbir
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I called Healds Road Surgery first thing in the morning, desperate for help, advice, or even just a basic appointment. Instead, I was met with one of the rudest and most dismissive receptionists I’ve ever encountered. There was not a shred of empathy in her tone. For someone who is the first point of contact for vulnerable patients, her attitude was shocking, unprofessional, and downright cruel. Without any medical qualifications, she insisted I didn’t need an appointment and instead demanded that I send a photo of my problem. Had I known I could refuse, I would have—given the highly sensitive nature and location of my issue. Later, hospital staff were horrified when I told them this, confirming that I should never have been pressured into sending such images. Reluctantly, I complied. And then? Nothing. No update, no response. I had to chase them myself. When I finally called back, I was casually told, “Oh, the doctor’s had a look. There’s nothing we can do—go to a walk-in centre.” This could have been said earlier, saving me pain, stress, and wasted time. Instead, I was left waiting in agony. Because of their incompetence and delay, by the time I got to the walk-in centre, it was too late to be treated that day. I explicitly told them I was struggling to walk and in severe pain, and yet I was brushed aside like I didn’t matter. To add insult to injury, the surgery only bothered replying to my online request minutes before closing time, smugly stating, “Looks like you’ve been to hospital, so we’re closing your case.” Absolutely disgraceful. This entire ordeal left me upset, humiliated, and completely let down. Healds Road Surgery is a joke of a practice. The fact they only have 2 stars on Google says it all. Receptionists here need serious training in basic human decency and patient care. Being rude, cold, and dismissive is not acceptable when people are coming to you already at their lowest. The only saving grace was Saffiyah, who answered my second call. She was kind, empathetic, and genuinely helpful—a rare gem in an otherwise shambolic surgery. Thank you, Saffiyah, for showing compassion when your colleagues could not. But one good receptionist does not excuse the appalling way I was treated. If you value your health, your dignity, and your peace of mind—avoid this place at all costs!
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback however, having investigated the matter we do disagree with your version of events. We are happy to discuss the matter further with you and would ask you to contact the surgery to speak to a Manager if you wish to do so. Regards Healds Road Surgery

Author: Daphne Outten
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is my new surgery and I had my first GP visit last week Wednesday. The surgery was spacious and very clean. My mobility scooter decided to stop working as I was about to leave the surgery. The nurse practitioner was a beautiful, lovely and caring person. She tried assisting me with my mobility scooter. I then met the beautiful ,lovely manager when she came to assist me too. I thought my scooter battery was dead but my scooter had died and never started. I was at the surgery a long time waiting to charge my battery. The beautiful lady at the front desk came and offered me some water and a snack. I was so appreciative for the love and assistance I received from all the staff, I am came in contact with. I miss my old surgery in Leeds but I am happy to join this new surgery.. Thank you to all the staff.
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to give your feedback. This is lovely to hear and will be shared with our team.

Author: Mochapine
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Whilst most of the time my appointments have been quite useful, I’ve found that the receptionists can sometimes be a bit misleading. On one occasion I called and asked to be seen by a GP for an issue and was not told that I was to be seen by a PA. On receiving a prescription I had to wait ~45 minutes for it to be approved by a GP before the pharmacy could start processing it, meaning I waited about an hour. On a separate occasion, I was told I could be seen by a dermatologist on a Thursday. I said yes to this, thinking that a dermatologist was a consultant/resident doctor who has specialised in dermatology. However this was not the case and I was seen by an ACP in dermatology - which is not the same thing as being a dermatologist. Realistically, any patient who is told they will be seen by a dermatologist will think they are being seen by a “doctor” and it would be disingenuous to say otherwise. No disrespect to the professionals I was eventually seen by, but i just think it’s important to be honest to patients about who they are being seen by. My trust in this practice has decreased, and I now only book appointments via the app so I know who I am being seen by. Others may not have this same luxury as they may not be as familiar with the app, which is why I think it’s important to write this review.
Practice response date: 8 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback. We apologise for any miscommunication. Your feedback will be discussed with our team for learning and improvement purposes. Kind Regards Healds Road Surgery

Author: Hareem Gull
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hareem Gull3 reviews8 months ago

Author: Sajida bibi
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sajida bibi2 reviews9 months ago
