Practice: THE WATERLOO PRACTICE
Canonical code: B85024
Postcode: HD5 9XP
Google Maps title: The Waterloo Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 85
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Waterloo+Practice/@53.6453279,-1.7384512,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bdeb1a8cc1d29:0x389d139020ccbc7a!8m2!3d53.6453247!4d-1.7358709!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wfvm63m?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85024-the-waterloo-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carlene Davis Agostini
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
This Practice is another level the receptionist giving you advice and they are not medical experts can't believe how hard it is to see a GP. Don't care about patients

Author: Kevin Haley-Porteous
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kevin Haley-PorteousLocal Guide · 75 reviews · 33 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: Anna
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Do yourself a favour and DO NOT use this surgery. The worst GP I have ever been registered with. While the GPs themselves have always been okay, the reception team are incredibly inconsistent, poorly trained and unhelpful. It is so hard to get an appointment. Phonelines cut you off if the queue is full. Some receptionist interrogate you and 'triage' you (with what medical training?) and wont give you an appointment unless they deem it an 'emergency'. Their attitude is not what you would expect of an NHS professional, almost as if they take pleasure in telling you 'no', denying you appointments and making things difficult. Am told different things by different receptionists on different days. One advised me the earliest appointment they could give me was 6 weeks in the future. A few weeks later I was advised the wait time is actually 4 days. Another one told me to be 'in-person' at the surgery at 8am to stand a chance of an earlier appointment - highlighting the total lack in consistency, training and communication. The lack of access to medical care I have received has resulted in me losing my job, so now I have additional mental and financial strains as well as the worsening health condition. Completely unacceptable standard of care. PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS PRACTICE I have now applied to switch practices.

Author: Dawn Hufton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service (kate/Katie) was a great help when i needed an appointment today, got me seen with a Gp in under 3 hours. Also got physio appointment within 3 weeks! Had to chase up a prescription later in the day and quick response from staff with the phone been answered within 2 rings.

Author: Abby Thorp
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service. They would rather a child go unvaccinated than follow the advise on the gov.uk website - crazy!

Author: Naomi Cooke
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Naomi CookeLocal Guide · 5 reviews · 4 photos2 months ago

Author: Emma Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to get travel vaccinations for my daughter has been impossible. I completed a form weeks ago stating where she is going which they haven’t read properly. Called again and again to be told they would be in touch. Nothing. Rang again today told they sent an email, which I have not received. Told to complete the form again. Total incompetence. Her friends literally called and got a nurse appointment. Disappointing. I’ve given up and paid private.

Author: Christopher Lyon
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Dr FRANKLAND for his wonderful attention during this year .He has been on the ball during my cancer throughtreatment

Author: Ramneek Panesar
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is not often that I attend the GP however my last experience with this practice has left me no choice but to leave this review. I was waiting 25 mins for my appointment. I was given incorrect sample bottles and accompanying sheets. I was advised by the practitioner that if my symptoms worsen then I should make another appointment and return. Under her advisement, I contacted the practice again to book another appointment only to be met on the other line by a member of reception staff who had a short tone with me. Essentially, the advice the practitioner gave me was completely contradicted by the conduct from the front end staff of this practice.

Author: Natalie Germain
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Natalie Germain6 reviews7 months ago
