Practice: MELTHAM ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: B85016
Postcode: HD1 3UP
Google Maps title: Meltham Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Meltham+Road+Surgery/@53.6318475,-1.799763,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bdb815ba0b043:0xac5cb64b8aa88fc7!8m2!3d53.6318443!4d-1.7971827!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hhw6gmh_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85016-meltham-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jacqueline
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
A telephone operator at the surgery went above and beyond to help my granddaughter get her prescription as the original prescription and medication was delivered to the wrong address by Royal Mail. After 3 hours on the phone to the surgery , pharmacy and Royal Mail the telephone operator called Hansy actually went into the pharmacy in person to sort it out and telephoned my granddaughter to say it was all sorted and ready to collect in half hour. Some drs receptionist get bad reviews but this lady couldn’t have been more helpful. Thank you Hansy .

Author: Graham Taylor
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best surgery and doctors in Huddersfield.

Author: Faiqa Atif
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Faiqa Atif1 reviewa month ago

Author: Janette Thomas
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I rang the Dr's surgery on Monday 1 December the receptionist who picked up the phone ** i dont know her name, but its the only Asian lady I think she is called Rana. From start to finish she was rude and abrupt, showing no empathy or compassion. I had come from Calderdale hospital as I was struggling to breath plus I had picked up a viral infection and was put on a nebuliser mask. I explained all this to her, as far as I heard she showed a " i don't care attitude". This isn't the first time it as happened either, she is so damn rude. This is bad service as the surgery is one of the best, Absolutely appalling and disgusting behaviour from her. The other receptionists are caring and very polite. I have been with the surgery for nearly 40yrs. So I dont expect this from someone who is on the first port of call. I usually asked to be seen by Dr Hasani, as he is very caring, listens and is very professional.

Author: Helen Willams
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I try to take responsibility for my own health, but having had a couple of problems this year have been extremely impressed by this practice, all the doctors and staff have been lovely. Very thorough and reassuring. First class practice.

Author: Jegr Salih
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience here has been very negative. I have kidney stones and every visit ends with the same response: paracetamol and ‘go home’. There is no proper assessment or support, even though the pain is very real and ongoing. This is not the level of care anyone should receive, and I hope the practice improves its approach to patients with long-term conditions

Author: Simon Bedford
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have found everyone here to be helpful. I usually see Dr. Hasanie, who is very friendly and thorough and explains everything clearly. The receptionists have also been helpful when I have had phone conversations.

Author: Ian Johnson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Ian Johnson5 reviews7 months ago

Author: Sally James
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely Disappointed with This Practice I am absolutely disgusted by the level of service at this doctor’s practice. Several of the receptionists come across as dismissive and ignorant, which is deeply frustrating when you’re trying to access essential healthcare services. Most upsetting was my recent phone consultation with one of the doctors. When I explained that I couldn’t hear what he said and asked him to repeat himself, he simply refused. I was taken aback and asked for clarification, but instead of helping, he kept asking the same question repeatedly. I asked him for the date of my blood test, but he kept repeating his question — which I couldn’t answer until he gave me that information. His response was to abruptly shout, “What don’t you understand?” At that point, I understandably became upset and responded emotionally. I then asked to speak to the practice manager through reception, and made it clear I would be looking for a new practice. All I had wanted was my blood test results — something that should be routine — yet it took them far too long to provide them. This level of unprofessionalism and lack of compassion is unacceptable in any healthcare setting. I strongly advise others to think twice before registering here.

Author: Angela Cheney
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Got an appointment quickly and saw Dr Khan who was brilliant and so calming. Reception staff friendly and professional.
