Practice: FIELDHEAD SURGERY
Canonical code: B85051
Postcode: HD7 4QQ
Google Maps title: Fieldhead Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Fieldhead+Surgery/@53.6417921,-1.8559585,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sFIELDHEAD+SURGERY+HD7+4QQ!3m8!1s0x487bdcac9d36801f:0x6787ed9234bc850a!8m2!3d53.6417775!4d-1.8525306!9m1!1b1!15sChlGSUVMREhFQUQgU1VSR0VSWSBIRDcgNFFRkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1tlnc_fd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85051-fieldhead-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John Beanland
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
John BeanlandLocal Guide · 23 reviews2 months ago

Author: lisa lambert
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My brother who suffers from chronic COPD phone first thing this morning because he still can't breath properly after a chest infection, they referred him to Waterloo clinic who said they couldn't fit him, still struggling to breath and referred him back to field head , went back there and couldn't see him , was told to ring up in the morning, absolutely disgusting, so annoyed and angry the way he has been treated, terrible and horrified !

Author: Joey Bhola
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am really disappointed in this GP. I was struggling with my mental health and used patches as instructed. I reached out for help and no one rang me, or checked I was okay. Due to having no support I’ve had to help myself which has been very difficult. This doctor’s surgeon is clearly poorly run, and they don’t care about your wellbeing.

Author: Sam
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been coming here all my life for 30 + years since I live round the corner. I remember when Doctor Faulkner and Doctor Dempsey were here, then even Doctor Oliver. Wow how far this surgery has fallen, it’s never been right since Doctor Ahmed took the surgery. It’s getting worse and worse. Everytime I go they seem to have different receptionists. I’ve not even seen the same doctor for going on 5 years now. It’s just beyond repair at this point.

Author: Valerie Firth
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling practice,no g.p in sight all advanced practitioners who will only see you about one problem. If you have more than one problem running consecutively you are told you have to make another appointment as they only treat one problem at a time, they just can't wait to get rid of you.

Author: gareth pearson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking doctors, got to wait days to see a doctor unbelievable really !!

Author: Faith Roche
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Faith Roche8 months ago

Author: polly mcgrail
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I'm not a big complainer. Over the years I've had excellent care at Field head, especially when the great Dr Faulkner looked after me. The desk staff have been fine for me - often helpful & constructive. But latterly there are two areas that have made life more difficult: 1. Patchs . I accept it works for some but one size doesn't fit all and as for the claim (from.its website) " I want to see a GP Get care in minutes" it made me laugh. Patchs is a private limited company, no doubt with a lucrative NHS contract, that puts up another barrier between the patient and the GP. For me it invariably adds days and even weeks to the appointment time. Its bureaucracy makes me reluctant to contact the surgery and this can't be a good thing - delay usually means a worse outcome. 2. Prescriptions. 48 hours possible delay? How about 4/5 DAYS delay? I have become used to my Friday request for repeat meds not being dealt with until the following Friday ( I usually ring the pharmacy on Friday morning to check as a further weekend delay is unsafe) but this week I had clear evidence of delay from the surgery, not from the pharmacy. GP phoned me last Monday: blood test shows significant anaemia so iron pills prescribed there and then. Today (Thursday) pharmacist has just received the prescription & will.fulfill.the.request.on Friday as they need to order the pills. Why was the order not sent on Monday? It must be a routine press of a button. In my case the delay isn't life or death (but it will be 4 days of avoidable chronic fatigue) and for others such a delay could be painful/ damaging/ anxiety-inducing - all avoidable. Is it too much to ask the surgery to get the meds out to patients in a timely fashion? . .

Author: Kevin Haley-Porteous
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kevin Haley-PorteousLocal Guide · 75 reviews · 33 photos10 months ago

Author: Dee H
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
The jury's out, but I'd recommend doors that open automatically to ensure those with reduced mobility or in wheelchairs can access the surgery easier.
