Practice: WESTBOURNE SURGERY
Canonical code: B85636
Postcode: HD1 4QR
Google Maps title: Westbourne Surgery
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 20
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Westbourne+Surgery/@53.6509776,-1.8086993,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bdc89c6453369:0x2fb21f3876c6a7e8!8m2!3d53.6509744!4d-1.806119!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzs__sb9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B85636-westbourne-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michael Bullas
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant

Author: Nicola McKenzie
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Newest receptionist very rude and just yells at people, just screamed down the phone at me yelling do patches.. no clue what that even is as never done that in my whole life. Will be making a formal complaint isn’t the first incident with this staff member. Really puts the surgery to shame as the rest are so lovely and helpful Won’t be ringing up again until she’s moved of the phone lines as she’s not helpful in the slightest Update- another issue.. So on the 10th February I was overdosed by a member of staff that works here complaint was raised and still no action has been taken against this employee, I requested a call with dr Iqbal regarding this and was refused by Gail, also requested to speak with Gail who’s dealing with said complaint and again been refused by a a receptionist. Many attempts have this resolved have been made but seems I’m the only one doing something. I was overdosed yet it was expected that I had to come in to this surgery to be seen with no efforts for someone to come see myself and make sure I was okay. The overdose amount means I’m now fully dosed up until mid June when it’s February 🙄 so another 4 months worth. My symptoms have become alarming as there more intense and yet members of staff arnt phased in the slightest when it comes to this medical negligence. Which moving forwards has given me no option but to seek a negligence solicitor. My health hasn’t and isn’t been taken seriously and moving forwards this is the next step to be taken. This surgery has seriously gone down hill. This isn’t the first time I’ve had a fault with this surgery there has been many things in the 4 years. Just like someone else’s medical been put on my own and in request to have that removed it still hasn’t it’s been 2 years since an old woman’s medical was put on my file. I wasn’t even in the surgery that day I was home having a boiler fitted. All proof will be past to my legal team

Author: Sharron. Mathen
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Shaikh has been not only a huge blessing has dr aggarwals replacement fact is dr Shaikh has more than filled dr aggawals compassionate care with absolute sincerity and empathy with his patients hes a doctor whom really listens 2u. And has been the best gp ive had for donkeys years. Hes very empthatic and should be head of this practice and very well liked &respected by patients and staff at the surgery. 2 ever let him leave would absolutely catastrophic all disaterious period!The level care care since Dr shaikh departure has gone right.down Hill.&whilst Dr iqbal is very nice&careing fact is there's too much work at this practice 4 Dr iqbal 3 manage alone so I would recommend going 2 another surgery ware thares more than just two doctors and 1 nurse practitioner..obviously dr shaikh he left the practice meany years ago and since then I've been seeing Dr iqbal who is very very helpful very careing he gets things done quickly and efficiently ..DR IQBAL IS VERY KIND VERY HELPFULL &DOES HIS BEST 4 HIS PATIENTS HE REALLY LISTENS ..IF OUR HOSPITOLS HAD DRS LIKE DR IQBAL OUR HOSPITOLS WOULD B MORE EFFICENT..GRATE NURSING TEAM EVEN DR CLAIR GRANTHAM IS GRATE.THE RECEPTION STAFF ARE AMAZING &,DO A GRATE JOB..MY MUMS AT NEWSOME SURGERY &HAS NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS IF MY MUM WAS A PATIENT HERE SHED OF NEVER OF HAD HER STROKE..IVE BEEN HERE 10 YEARS NOW &CANT FIND 1 SINGLE FAULT .THE ONLY DR I dont like is dr mouser give him a big miss ul thank me for it trust me stick with dr iqbal..

Author: pekoran1
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Edit. This practice continues to be without parallel. I work at many surgeries ( Westbourne surgery isn’t on my patch) and they’re extraordinary reviewing as one of their patient’s relatives Delightful and superbly competent, hard to fault this remarkable team. Their patients are very lucky…I tell my 90yr old mother constantly!

Author: Dave Hampshire
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good helpful staff, Dr's and nurses.

Author: Catriona Power
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Iqbal is amazing and has helped me through so much. The nurses are great for blood tests and the online booking system through the NHS app makes everything very easy.

Author: Naz Uddin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Iqbal is a great doctor and the surgery has always found time for my kids, I have always got same day appointments. No complaints

Author: Paul D
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul DLocal Guide · 41 reviews · 18 photosa year ago

Author: Kiera Jabbar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kiera Jabbar8 reviews · 8 photosa year ago

Author: Darryl Dolan
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
I called up today and the receptionist seemed unfriendly and curt, just seemed impolite at times. Not sure if she was having a bad day. I understand the workload might be high but this seemed uncouth somewhat. It is a small surgery so they don't have as many full time GPs as others in the area so keep this in mind when registering.
