Practice: COLLINGHAM CHURCH VIEW SURGERY
Canonical code: B86010
Postcode: LS22 5BQ
Google Maps title: Collingham Church View Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Collingham+Church+View+Surgery/@53.9087689,-1.4101742,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48794f8428a84069:0xadee89fb2375429f!8m2!3d53.9087658!4d-1.4075939!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b5pkn5mc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B86010-collingham-church-view-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kantilal Parmar
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kantilal Parmar2 reviews · 10 photosa month ago

Author: Corina Kettlewell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
My ailment has been taken very seriously by all the staff (doctors, dispensary and reception team) and I was referred promptly for further treatment. Throughout staff have been very supportive and patient with me as I’ve had several check up appointments (including squeezing me in at Thorner which I haven’t been to before). I do struggle with health anxiety and really try to avoid medical environments all together. I appreciate getting through on the phone can be hard but I used the online service for the first time via my NHS login and it was surprisingly easy and efficient. Called back in 20mins of submitting the form with an appointment that day. There is a lot of demand on this tiny surgery locally so I feel it’s appropriate to share my recent positive experiences. Much improved from an experience pre covid. Thank you.

Author: Derek Plows
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient of this practice for 40 years. At first it was not what I would call a good practice. It was when Dr. Crabb took over it quickly became a well respected surgery and has continued to maintain the high standard under Dr. Toogod and the other doctors. The nurses and other staff are always polite and friendly. Keep up the good work!

Author: Su Alderson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always found the doctors and nurses to be friendly and efficient. Would recommend the surgery to anyone new to the area or looking to change. The surgery is in desperate need of a makeover especially the unwelcoming reception area!

Author: Mina S
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery. Patient care is not a priority. Miss treating vulnerable patients by admin team and manager condones this behaviour. Raise a complaint and you’re practically black listed by the surgery. The actual doctors are great but you can’t get past the vultures in reception.

Author: simran matharu
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service the new receptionist is rude and doesn't listen then speaks over you. Then said you clearly don't want my help. OMG so rude and unempathetic to situations.

Author: Harry Sagoo
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really poor service, rude to ethnic minority and receptionist talk about patients with nurse Sam. Manager doesn’t care about patient feedback.

Author: Janet Lewis
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I phoned for a Doctors appointment this morning and the phone was answered by someone called Mel, and now you have to fill a form on line for an appointment which is alright but if you are not aware of this and not sure how to do it , according to MEL if you can not do this quote , you have to go to A&E ! I found her very rude and clearly in the wrong job! She lets the Surgery down by her attitude and I know other people have experieced the same thing with her manner

Author: Fran Grant
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was diagnosed with breast cancer last year and I had to cancel a holiday with my children to start treatment. In order for the GP to sign my insurance form to get a refund on the holiday I had to pay £45. £45 for a signature and a stamp that took less than a minute. I found out two weeks ago (having just got the all clear from breast cancer) that the cancer has spread to my brain and I have days/weeks left to live. In order to claim my pension for my children, again I need the GP to sign and stamp a form. My sister has just gone into the surgery to get this done and has been charged £45. This is absolutely outrageous. It takes you less than a minute - one signature. In someone’s last dying days when they’re trying to wrap things up for their children and you won’t sign a form without charging. Don’t tell me this rule ‘comes from the top’. There is a human being behind every decision. Shame on you Collingham Church View Surgery. I’ll be sharing this far and wide. Frances Grant

Author: Scott W
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting pharmacy attitude. Mature Lady with greying light long hair tutting, rolling her eyes, muttering under her breath, contradicting what we have been told and speaking to us like dirt. Have had an amazing time at this surgery for years. Great mutual rapport and manners and respect, often taking chocolates for the pharmacy team. Useful, if you don’t like your job, quit!
