Practice: SOUTH BANK SURGERY
Canonical code: B86035
Postcode: LS10 2PT
Google Maps title: South Bank Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/South+Bank+Surgery/@53.779856,-1.5291567,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48795d43de2089db:0xac3e069900b46acb!8m2!3d53.7798529!4d-1.5265764!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11hfhyclml?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B86035-south-bank-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lucky “Fucker”
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Always getting lied to about my prescription Its on repeat with automatic drop .. they always say the doctors haven't requested it 3 months now I haven't had a pink inhaler

Author: steven cross
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
steven cross4 reviews9 months ago

Author: Dani Jowett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
All the Drs I have encountered have been extremely helpful, particularly Dr Muneer who is amazing with my little boy, they are 5 stars, the receptionists however, SOME of them are really helpful, SOME of them seem to think that been able to answer a telephone means they can talk to you like they’ve scraped you off their shoe, need their attitudes adjusted and more customer service/empathy training

Author: April Lyn Jablonskis
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors here make you feel stupid for seeking help. I explained what was going on with my son and said that we came to get a proper diagnosis or get a proper medication if there is and he said, what proper diagnosis? What proper medication? Like, am i just supposed to know these things? You went to seek help from professionals and they dont even act like one. You have to remember, anyone coming to seek your advice and help are already vulnerable yet you still have to think belittling them first. Does that make your day? It will cost nothing to be sensitive and be nice to people seeking medical help. People on the phone are also next level!

Author: Lynn Ratcliffe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Southbank Surgery ready is one of the best. Been with them for years. Dr.Khan a d Dr Muneer are very good and always helpful. Sheila the head of office always helpful too. We'll done to you all

Author: Bolaf Moonshouter
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
very nice staff

Author: barbara appleby
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have always found thissurgery very helpful from getting a appointment to receptionist nurses and drs

Author: Nicola Walker
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I was actually losing faith in this doctors them I met Sarah the nurse who restored my faith as she brilliant at her job… then I got a txt with my sons appointment for 1145 that I rang to cancel .. with half hour notice… to then then find out my appoint was at 10 so I had already missed it!! but get this.. they told me off like a child fir the half hour notice saying someone could of had that appointment.. but yet someone did have that appointment.. I had already missed mine due to been given the wrong time..via txt o have proof.. but when they don’t like what you say the receptionist then went on to lie and tell the office before hanging up I was shouting which I was not shouting she didn’t like what I had to say theres a difference and if there one thing I can’t stand it’s a liar. So I’ll be moving after 33 years of this shambles too a doctors without liars that don’t speak to you like a child when they mess up. Very unprofessional

Author: Victoria Dinning
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have rarely had cause for complaint at this practice almost 20 years. Many docs come and gone. Don t need to visit often but always 1. A reasonable time to get through on phone. 2. Helpful friendly reception staff 3. Appointment or call back promptly when needed. And nearly all doctors caring professional. Exception being Dr Khan. He is arrogant dismissive and condescending. Never see him agsin. Saw Dr Shahid today. He is very professional and compassionate and i was having a mental health crisis and dreading trying to get help and engage with mental health team again due to experiences there. DR SHahid took my situation and safety seriously and contacted Crisis team on my behalf with his concerns. I got a prompt appropriate service from them today. Maybe due to doctors intervention. Thank you

Author: Shauna Carroll
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
I had an appointment booked for 10 August which they had to delay due to the doctor being unwell which is fair enough. Another call today that my app will be now be delayed until September so nearly a month away. This appointment was booked weeks ago. While I appreciate the doctor may be unwell surely there are other doctors and nurses that have availability before September. The woman on the phone was pretty rude, like she was doing me a favour booking me a new appointment forgetting they cancelled the other two.
