Practice: DIAMOND MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: B86019
Postcode: LS7 3RA
Google Maps title: Oakwood Surgery, Diamond Medical Group
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 98
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oakwood+Surgery,+Diamond+Medical+Group/@53.8260764,-1.5471505,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDIAMOND+MEDICAL+GROUP+LS7+3RA!3m8!1s0x48795b9c9e5cdbdd:0xf5cd73c9fd898e86!8m2!3d53.8267327!4d-1.5072201!9m1!1b1!15sCh1ESUFNT05EIE1FRElDQUwgR1JPVVAgTFM3IDNSQVofIh1kaWFtb25kIG1lZGljYWwgZ3JvdXAgbHM3IDNyYZIBBmRvY3RvcpoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VOQ09IRmxkVzFSUlJBQuABAPoBBQj6ARBC!16s%2Fg%2F1thq9ch2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B86019-diamond-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shabana Ahmed
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Highly recommended

Author: Shelagh Lyons
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This practice has deteriorated since it became part of Diamond Medical Group. It used to be outstandingly good. I have tried to get an appointment for a face to face appointment via Patches. A barely understandable message told me I was not suitable for a routine appointment but could phone which I did only to be told I could have a routine appointment 15 days from now. Otherwise I'd have to phone at 8am to get an on the day appointment. I am 82, in pain constantly from arthritis and don't wish to put the alarm on when I may have eventually got to sleep. The service is very poor. Maybe all practices are the same now.

Author: s King
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This GP surgery has helped me so much! The staff are so kind, friendly, professional and are very knowledgeable in their field. Dr Tess Matham is so lovely and I appreciate her so much! Today I saw Dr Marcin Grzelinski for the first time and he was very polite, efficient and kind. Thankyou so much Diamond Medical Group!

Author: Amanda Allinson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Diamond medical group unprofessional, assume, judge, don't listen, expect you to do the impossible so they can blame you, no empathy, have you in tears ignore your requests and assume your dishonest I'm literally exhausted with it all

Author: Stephen Stringer
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Stephen Stringer3 reviews5 months ago

Author: Jane Cawthorne
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What is happening to oakwood surgery! Absolutely appalling service . I feel certain most patients don't bother reviewing as just so relieved to eventually get an appointment or a something sorted I've recently had so many difficulties just getting onto patch's..got the hangover it ( or so I thought) now added to difficulty comes the AI questionnaires, it picks up on certain words to initiate a lengthy questionnaire ie blood, anxiety hrt and there will be numerous others but if your not quick enough or click the wrong box..ALL IS LOST. Your efforts to explain your problem/concern to SAVE ringing the surgery means you have to get into a phonecall que of about 13 ..by then you are on the ceiling with irritation of wasted effort. Help from receptionist varies from robotic abd clearly irritated verbal response / Absolute defensive rudeness and I did speak to one lady ( I was at that point in tears ) who was so kind, responsive and 'old school caring'. I'm retired but not elderly. I've used system one in my previous job and I struggle HOW ON EARTH do elderly, people with various disabilities, or simply non-tech savvy cope ? I have just tried using patches for 'someone else ' I have done this before as he added me as my carer ( husband) turns out I can't do this he needs to add me again. Spoke to a receptionist ( number 13 in the que, with the same soul destroying music and interruption of ' have you tried our online service bla bla ) I spoke receptionist Mel last week who was so rude and lacking empathy and even said that if people are in despair ( I mentioned a situation I witnessed whilst waiting for an appointment) they should get anger management!! Unbelievable that no one is addressing this terrible service. Doctors and MDT staff must be so brow beaten and desensitised about poor care as when you do finally get to speak to or see a doctor/nurse they are wonderful and caring. What is the practice manager doing about the poor rating and ultimately failed patient care. How much are the tech companies creaming off the NHS ? So sad that this previously family practice has gone down the rabbit hole of familiar failure

Author: Is'haaq Hussain
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Is'haaq Hussain3 reviews6 months ago

Author: jack harnby
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This was such a good Dr's. But since the merger, I cant book an appointment using the booking system. If I call and get through to a resceptionist they cant do it for me. Ive been trying to book an appointment here to see a GP (which even when I get it I won't be for a few weeks) for 3 days. Ive been told ive to go in at 8am the next day so I can do it via a form. Patches doesn't work, the NHS app doesn't work, the leaving a voicmail to book is full. This is a very disappointing service.

Author: Daniel Gill
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Diamond Medical Group have ruined this Surgery - I called today for an appointment, explained that I was happy to wait a couple of weeks but was told that they weren’t giving out any more appointments and I had to call back at 8am. This is nonsensical and clearly designed to get people to give up. Let’s hope that the lump I have found is as unimportant as the service I have received just now would suggest.

Author: Tim Nam
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
waiting time absurd, the doctors there are very friendly however receptionists aren’t, they’re not very welcoming and are somewhat condescending.
