Practice: ALLERTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: B86039
Postcode: LS7 4LF
Google Maps title: Allerton Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 185
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Allerton+Medical+Centre/@53.8265883,-1.5369715,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48795bee6e375933:0x629d01fd32ce9871!8m2!3d53.8265852!4d-1.5343912!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tr8l2h5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B86039-allerton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Colin Klugerman
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Colin Klugerman3 days ago New

Author: Jack Black
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
You have more chance of seeing the Pope than seeing a doctor here.
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Hi Jack Black, Thanks for your comment, and sorry that you feel like it isn't easy to see a GP. Interestingly, nationally collated data tells us that in recent months we were #9 for appointments-per-patient-population out of 86 regional practices. We would love to be #1 of course! In addition, 89.3% of appointments were within 14 days through November and December. We also have other health professionals on the roster, such as physiotherapists and social prescribers, that can provide more appropriate support for some problems. Hopefully one day, the pope will be as easy to see as your GP. Kind regards, Ivan Data & Performance Manager PS., School Of Rock is my favourite.

Author: Reuben Prudames
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One word: rude. From management right down to the reception desk, the attitude and lack of courtesy are shocking. It’s hard to understand how a team so visibly disconnected from customer service can be the first point of contact for clients. Basic respect and professionalism seem to be missing entirely.

Author: Janice Freeman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Annie, every time I ring in to the surgery she is so understanding, caring and she is a credit to your surgery,

Author: Jo Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm leaving this review as an advocate of my adult niece who was a patient here. She has autism and ADHD and was treated appallingly. They've messed up her prescription countless times. I was shocked by how rude, unhelpful and unprofessional the receptionist in particular is but also it is impossible to get an appointment or be taken seriously. I don't recommend this surgery at all

Author: K. Brown
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr hector is very kind, he’s is the best Dr I’ve ever had with Westfield and Allerton

Author: Jeremy Portland
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was referred for ADHD screening by one of the GPs. He gave me a web link that explained the process. Only he obviously had not read it, as the chosen provider only took referels on if the GP agreed a shared care agreement. Without this patients would be discharged with no help or medication. The practice chose not to take shared care agreements which is their choice and would have been acceptable if they had told me about this before I was diagnosed and went through titration. I have now left the practice for one that values the welfare of their patients. Allerton GPs knew that being left without medication I would have suffered with a number of serious comorbiities. Telling me I could contact a suicide helpline if their actions had led me to suicidal thoughts. Not what I expect from my GPs I'm now at a great practice with better facilities and more caring GPs.

Author: Liz
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Liz10 reviews7 months ago

Author: Russ OK
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Gone very downhill since I was a child I’ve never felt particularly comfortable talking to anyone there since Dr Lawrenson left. update two years later: Just tried to call to get some help and whoever answered basically interrupted me as I was trying to explain my situation to say they were going to send me a link to fill out. I asked them to clarify if what they were saying was that they would not be helping me on that call. she said then confirmed that yes that was true so I just hung up. Why work as a receptionist in a medical practice if you don’t want to help people Update five hours later: After being brought to tears by how dehumanised I was made to feel I went into the practice in person in the hope someone might actually help me when face to face with a person saying they need help and the advice isn’t suitable or helpful. Only to have the staff ignore me and talk over me. Don't bother
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Dr Lawrenson was much loved and missed by all. I am sorry to hear that you have not found another doctor with whom you feel the same connection. General Practice has changed so much since his time and there is now so much demand that it can be hard to build up a relationship with one particular GP. We encourage patients to ask for a particular GP if they prefer to see someone repeatedly to build up that connection. For others, the preference may be to talk to any GP if it means a quicker response. We try our best to offer care in as many ways as possible to suit individual needs as best we can. Lindsay, Business Manager

Author: louise contini
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Michelle was so friendly, knowledgable and kind. Thank you
