Practice: ASHFIELD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: B86055
Postcode: LS15 8BA
Google Maps title: Ashfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.6
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ashfield+Medical+Centre/@53.8075804,-1.4525877,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48795cace64ed4fd:0xae9d430c0b747187!8m2!3d53.8075773!4d-1.4500074!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v0lk8wy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B86055-ashfield-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lee Johnson
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went through a tricky patch for several years where it was almost impossible to get an appointment, but in the last few years they have been fantastic. I can usually get in to see someone if needed, and the receptionists are much more helpful than in years gone by. I'm not sure what's changed, but the improvement is noticeable. PATCHES has made everything much easier, and the doctors are fantastic, sympathetic and understanding.

Author: Rezwan Rezwan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The reciptionest is so rude to me and didnt listen to what i am saying and give me a warning i think if they dont like there job shouldnt do that and we are patient we need help with everything but they are just mean to us and when u can say anything they hangup on you

Author: Catherine McAndrew
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't fault the care I, or my family, have received here. I fill in the form via patches between 8am and 9am and am offered an appointment, or the surgery makes contact with a response.

Author: Alison
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Recently moved here from another practice as nearer to me . Really should have read the reviews. Not a good experience. No patient care and staff are rude.

Author: Amanda Rodriguez
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I work for a practice I understand the pressure facing GPs right now. But have tried four times to get an appointment for a breast lump! This is something we are told to go straight in for and been given no help. The receptionist stone wall you with a script and do not understand the meaning of patient centred care. I still have no appointment. I cannot speak to doctor about my issue. Ian’s every time I’ve tried to do an online form at 9and10am they have already closed until tomorrow? Shockingly poor care. I will moving.

Author: Oyindamola Rahman
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get an appointment even if you call by 8:05, all they say is call back the next day. Worst GP ever!

Author: Yel B
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very poor. GPs are great but getting in to see one can be an exercise in futility. PATCHS is horrendous. If the reception staff call you, they don’t update their notes to record that they’ve done so, then deny they’ve called. If there’s no capacity they just ignore any PATCHs requests so you’re left hanging all day without knowing whether or not an appt will be offered. On occasion they’ll send a clickable list of appointment slots to select, and they appear to work, but then you’ll discover later that they haven’t worked after all and nothing has been booked. On raising this, I was told by a particularly unpleasant woman that I was ‘selecting unavailable appointments’ (?????). How does that work, then?! Submitted a complaint about this last year (December 2024) to Amanda, the stated “practice manager”, but she’s never acknowledged it or replied. Oh well!

Author: Mick L
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Mick LLocal Guide · 156 reviews · 4 photos10 months ago

Author: Joanne Hamilton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this surgery all my life and have seen it decline over the years to the point where the doctors are never a regular Dr (I don't think they have anyone, they all seem to be locums). In 3 years I have not seen the same dr more than once. They do not seem to have any knowledge in any specific area and have no clue on medication prescribed outside of an antibiotic. They ask you to chase up with consultants in other areas of nhs, they do not read emails or say they have not received them from other medical departments. It takes 3 days to get an appointment through patches, and God forbid if you have a job and require an appointment to fit around work, not happening, they say request availability in your patches request...they ignore it!

Author: Karen Seaman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
What can I say but THANK YOU to a locum Doctor who saw me this morning 15.1.25 @ 10.40am in the Ashfield Medical Centre.. I made the appointment through Patient Access via NHS APP as my doctors Patient Access App was kept working got an appointment 3 hours later, sat only for 5 minutes when the lady called me in to her treatment room where Dr.Nayak Patiently listen to me and with great communication / Empathy examined me, comforted me, reassured me in a way that made me feel reassured and less anxious, she had death and compassion in her voice which may I say I have not had in a lot of years and I have been at this practice for over 40 years. Now I am not saying other Doctors and other professionals at this practice or any other practice are doing a bad job no not at all they are all coping best they can under the extreme circumstances they and we are facing in this day and age.. Dr. Nayak if you do read this I thank you. Your " bedside manner " as it were is outstanding the way you spoke to me the way you reassured me and the way you explained the way forward was simply outstanding .. Take Care & God Bless You..
