Practice: LAUREL BANK SURGERY
Canonical code: B86086
Postcode: LS6 3DS
Google Maps title: Laurel Bank Surgery
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 83
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Laurel+Bank+Surgery/@53.8172878,-1.5895498,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48795933b8cb69d3:0xf442c2f19dccfa41!8m2!3d53.8172847!4d-1.5869695!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w3w2kh0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B86086-laurel-bank-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarah Rodgers
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Edit: Once again Dr Adele Cutting has really gone out of her way to communicate and ensure I get the help needed, she truly is an amazing person and I can't fault her attentiveness and compassion. Really happy with most of the doctors especially Dr mcneil and Dr cutting, they both spend time ensuring the best course of action and they explain everything fully. I have had a few experiences with doctors where I have felt my concerns have been brushed aside and not taken seriously but overall really happy and the receptionists are also very helpful and I can always get an appointment as I plan ahead and can book easily on the app.

Author: Rhiannon Davies
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rhiannon DaviesLocal Guide · 71 reviews · 11 photos3 weeks ago New

Author: Tom Mortimer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Probably one of the best surgeries in Leeds. Dr Wilson, Dr Bukhari, Dr Zimri are amazing including Grace and the receptionists

Author: Simon Malka
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Great lead-up, but no aftercare. You do not want to put your life in the hands of Laurel Bank Surgery, if they can make a buck leaving you to rot, they will. They have a duty of care which they are failing to honour, putting profit before patients lives. Apparently dressing wounds doesn’t pay like flu jabs. Emailed on 5th January to give advanced notice of an operation on the 20th, requiring dressing changes once discharged by the hospital to community care - was told to book when I’m out. Was referred on discharge for daily acute wound dressing changes. 10 days later, with several calls a day to chase from me, the hospital and district nurses, and the surgery has done nothing still to provide a dressing change, move an alternative solution along or keep me informed. The medical staff are outstanding, the quality of their GP’s brought me back when I returned to the area, been a patient of Laurel Bank over 25 years. But it turns out the surgery has insufficient resources to support you now should you actually need medical help, and they will not reallocate the resources they have from non-critical, but more profitable appointments.

Author: Patricia
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Patricia2 months ago

Author: Lesley Br0wn
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am absolutely disgusted ,requested an acute presciption for an eye condition ive hadfor 38 years ,explained im.on holiday with a dog and its a three hour round trip to a hospital on a bus and cant take my dog,dr bukari gave me a prescripton for the same thinga few months ago as he knows that i can self treat and if no better then obviously i would have to cutmy holiday short ,six phoncalls to try to chase this up and understandably annoyed i washung up on ,asked to speaktothepra tice manager who then told me the presciption hadbeen.declined so now have to cut my holiday short ,i even.spoke a consultant opthamologist who said as its an ongoing condtision that there was no reason whyi couldnt have the prescription ,i am utterly disgusted laurel bank have totally gonedown hill in 40 odd years i have been under them .

Author: Eniola Moses
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Aside from their delayed or late response regarding a genetics appointment, I had to follow up with them persistently! Today was just the height of it. I called to book an appointment this morning and was told I wasn’t registered with the practice. Note that I just used this service three days prior, which was a Friday, and I told the lady from the practice who I was on the call with. She reviewed the records, verified the information, and informed me that they had recently terminated my service due (to information they claimed was received from another service provider totally unrelated, whom I had no interaction with) to a change in my address. I told her I had not moved. Even if this were true, shouldn't the administrator or whoever is in charge verify this with me before abruptly terminating my service with them? It is just all so annoying and frustrating. I have been chasing for months for a referral and more information on a test result. I also can't log on to my NHS app anymore. Some of the doctors with whom I have interacted have been helpful, though but I can’t say the same about the admin team. Editing this because after I left this review, the practice manager rang me and all the issues I had was resolved immediately 👍

Author: Lawrence Lorriman
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The full surgery is in desperate need of redecoration

Author: Jane Wright
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jane Wright2 reviews5 months ago

Author: A
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Practice nurses are brilliant, but it is rare that you will actually get to see them, and you will usually see a locum. Expect to spend 20mins at a minimum (more likely double though, even at quieter times of the day) waiting on the phone, to speak to a receptionist, only to be told to call back another day as certain types of appointments only get released on certain days (though of course there's no guarantee that there will be any of those appointments left when you finally get through). If you have a long term health condition, expect to only receive the bare minimum of care for that condition, and expect to have to do a large % of the work to have those appointments booked yourself, particularly if they involve appointments with external service providers. For your own sake, if you have friends or family members with the same condition, who live elsewhere in the country, do not compare what they receive to the level of care you get here, as you will only be disappointed and frustrated. UPDATE 9/2025: The standard of care has fallen even further at this surgery. Expect to now be waiting on the phone for 45mins to an hour, only to be told there are no appointments. If you, by some miracle, manage to get an appointment, expect to be waiting for the best part of a month to actually see someone, only to be fobbed off by the doctor you see and nothing to be sorted. Practice Nurses are still brilliant, but you will never see them. The Doctors are more interested in their egos than actually solving your health issue. Avoid this surgery if you value your health!
