Practice: PARK GREEN SURGERY
Canonical code: B87006
Postcode: WF9 3AP
Google Maps title: Park green surgery - Churchview Health Centre
Google rating: 1.6
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+green+surgery+-+Churchview+Health+Centre/@53.5929764,-1.314963,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48796dc94b144b1d:0xba839eeabeaea45c!4m8!3m7!1s0x48796dc472ef4413:0x877ca697af4b145f!8m2!3d53.5929732!4d-1.3123827!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11l7lxhlzq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B87006-park-green-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Miriam Hudson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Incredible service. Cannot thank Dr Ammar enough, he’s definitely in the right profession and is a credit to the surgery, a doctor who really does go above and beyond. After taking my very ill mum to several different hospitals and been seen by many medical professionals and getting nowhere I took her to the GP’s where we saw Dr Ammar, no only did he diagnose her on the spot (she was very ill) but he called for an ambulance himself, rang and informed the hospital of all the tests that needed doing and took her off the medication that the hospital had put her on which was the wrong medication and was potentially fatal for her illness . After her admittance to hospital he was the one who order more tests which lead to us finding out about a separate very serious underlying illness she has, that if it wasn’t for him we would have been completely unaware of and she wouldn’t have received the treatment she needed to prolong her life. I cannot fault this surgery at all, its doctors and its receptionists (who were all amazing in looking after mum and asking after her whenever I went into the surgery) they have all been fantastic so thank you 🙏🏻 Keep up the good work

Author: Paul Longbottom
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good at getting you sign posted to right help,it works well great service all round impressed with all the team doctors nurse practitioners and the team that gets you there that's the hardest the people answer phones first line of contact well done

Author: Tuts Bro
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why don't they give you any results.I was told to go for a x-ray for my lungs.i.e. cant breath,out of breath and always tired. So I was booked in for a lung X-ray.This was clear but my symtems are still their. I CANNOT WALK MORE THAN 15/20 YARDS. Also I STOPED being a patient at White Rose South Elmsall because it was too far to walk and told South Kirkby that I want all my appointments to be at South Kirkby. I've just got an appointment for my Covid and Flu Jab, guess where SOUTH ELMSALL.Unbelievable.

Author: Ali Mather
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient here for about 20 years (initially on Stockingate) and have always found them to be very helpful, attentive and professional. I've got to say that ringing up for an appointment when you're ill is ridiculous to be told your number 39 in the queue but that's probably more to do with the state of the NHS than any decisions made by the surgery so I'm not marking them down for that. I've never personally had a problem with anyone. The reception staff are very helpful, the nurses are knowledgeable and the doctors seem to care. Keep up the great work.

Author: Amie Doran
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give no stars I would. Absolutely shocking surgery was seen by a doctor and he didn't listen or give me a chance to explain fully how my condition affects me. Always cutting me out while I tried to talk. My son said he was treating me like medical negligence and the doctor got really arrogant and shirty because my son mentioned medical negligence. Did not get the 10 minutes as to what you are supposed to get i only got 2-3 minutes. I left there feeling tearful and fobbed off. Not helpful at all even a prior appointment with the nurse had no clue about why they needed bloods as I was sent text messages to contact surgery for bloods. This surgery is a shambles. Going to try and change surgery as I've been with this surgery for nearly 4.5 years and it's always been the same.

Author: Sofia Romeo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
To Whom It May Concern, I am writing to express my deep disappointment with the service I received at your practice recently. On my last visit, I had to wait over an hour just to have a prescription signed off by a doctor. This delay is unacceptable, especially when it comes to something as important as medication. Furthermore, getting an appointment at this surgery has become a near-impossible task. The phone lines are constantly busy, and when you finally manage to get through, there are no appointments available. The fact that you only offer same-day appointments adds to the frustration, particularly for those of us who work. It's as though the practice has no regard for the working population or those who require a little flexibility in scheduling. The only way I was able to get an appointment was by calling the emergency line, which is hardly ideal and should be reserved for urgent cases, not people who simply need routine care. This level of inefficiency and disregard for patients’ time and needs is extremely disappointing. I would urge you to reassess how the practice is being run, as the current system is failing your patients. Kind regards, S.R.

Author: Sarah Johnson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to get an appointment here. Call at 8am and it's engaged, get through at 8.05am and all the appointments have gone, how on earth are you supposed to be seen!?

Author: pola
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s really sad that In 21’s century after waiting all morning with your phone for appointment all you get is “sorry we’ve got no appointments for today”

Author: John Tomo
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
More chance of getting struck by lightning than getting an appointment here

Author: Kaja K
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Kaja KLocal Guide · 18 reviews2 years ago
