Practice: OSSETT SURGERY
Canonical code: B87031
Postcode: WF5 8DF
Google Maps title: Ossett Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ossett+Surgery/@53.6814813,-1.5840129,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sOSSETT+SURGERY+WF5+8DF!3m8!1s0x4879611d0ea0de97:0xa7cbfacd43e6c5b5!8m2!3d53.6815204!4d-1.5815716!9m1!1b1!15sChZPU1NFVFQgU1VSR0VSWSBXRjUgOERGkgEXY29tbXVuaXR5X2hlYWx0aF9jZW50ZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11f4t7pzsq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B87031-ossett-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mrs Lyndsey Ward
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
No communication. Withholding information to power of attorney. Not following up emails not returning calls. Refuse to make reasonable adjustments. Acting restrictively!!!! The practice manger has a lot of annual leave. Seems to be away an awful lot and never returns emails.

Author: Matthew Currie
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s hard to know if the system is broken or the problem is this surgery but, trying to get an appointment to discuss chronic pain is a laughable experience. Trying to get an appointment to discuss a child’s health needs is equally poor, and when you finally do, a mediocre attempt at support is provided. Against the grain I don’t have a problem with the receptionists, they are always pleasant and friendly and help as much as they can. But the system in place for bookings restricts access to health care. What happened to the ability to book non urgent appointments at some point in the future? I don’t need to hold up a walk in clinic or A&E from those whose care is more urgent. Meanwhile I attempt a self referral to physiotherapist as suggested and their AI system tells me my symptoms require assessment by … my GP. Who I cannot seem to access.

Author: Steve Deg
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Have been with this practice for all of my life,am 70 now.to say it's gone down hill is an understatement. Some doctors and so called health pros ,not all but some are totally lacking in professional capabilities..or understanding.the patches system is absolutely a waste of time and effort..you would honestly get more sense talking to the dog.how elderly patients are meant to understand or use patches AI app. Is beyond most. I am technically savvy.but today . Was enough to push anybody over the edge of sanity..understand this,we don't want AI, we want real understanding caring people who we canspeak to .we don't want fobby off excuses saying go to A n E. This trend of doctors not wanting to see patients is just despicable.. A n E don't want us their. When it's something easily delt with. We want proper treatment. You will only get respect when you wake up and treat your patients with the treatment they deserve... Patients before AI..

Author: Samantha James
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The patches booking service is ridiculous upto 48 hours for appointment you could be dead first. I don't understand why receptionists are still answering phones only for you to be told book through patches what a world we live in make no wonder a &e are full. Then you get a telephone appointment made for 2 weeks later

Author: Mrs A
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Firstly patches needs to go!!! It's exactly how it was before, other than you text at 8 only instead of calling, only this time you can't speak to anyone. It's horrible. When I tried to go in, they left me in pain and said, very rudely that they had no appointments and I had to use patches. I don't think I have experienced this level of incompetence in GPs. The problem is GPs are not doctors like PhD doctors. They have to use intranet to find the most basic elementary things and they have no understanding of science anymore. I have heard, you will soon be able to be a GP by doing a modern apprenticeship. The lord help us. They hardly pick up their emergency line either.

Author: Claire Kellett
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Tried to book appointment with doctor you now have to go through patches still waiting for appointments for hubby

Author: Joanne Rattigan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We were just seen in the leg clinic by a nurse called Lucy, What an amazing lady, she was 110 percent perfect , I’m a friend of a gentleman who suffers with a bad leg condition in both legs. She went above and beyond any other nurse we had seen, she deserves a medal. Thank you Lucy for all you care and support Jo and Barry

Author: Blessing I. Bassey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently completed my venepuncture competency at Ossett Surgery with Sharon, an exceptional phlebotomist. She is professional, patient, and very knowledgeable. The entire team at the surgery is brilliant and always caring towards our residents. My family and I also use the surgery and are grateful for the excellent care and support we receive. Thank you for everything you do!

Author: Lisa Mallows
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rubbish patches system. Was greeted by a rude receptionist that told us the government has made it mandatory to make appointments only through the patches system. If you look on government website it states its down to individual surgeries. We should still be able to make speak to a helpful receptionist and book a same day face to face appointment or go into the surgery for a sit and wait appointment. Its clear that ossett surgery is run is a business not a health care provider. It amazes me what our taxes are paying for. Why should anyone have to wait upto 48 hours for the patches system to respond.

Author: Matthew Cooper
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute abysmal service, can't book appointments over phone. Been waiting all day for a call back, gonna find a new doctors. Be able to get appointment if I'd have just arrived in the country.
