Practice: RIVERSIDE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: B87005
Postcode: WF10 1PH
Google Maps title: Riverside Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 126
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Riverside+Medical+Centre/@53.7280876,-1.3603295,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487969e10783f437:0xa7ec236eef832ab5!8m2!3d53.7280845!4d-1.3577492!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vpq6dg3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/B87005-riverside-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Farah Longthorn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang up this morning at 8am (the time they opened) and couldn’t even get through, had 33 attempts of saying user is busy, then got through at 8:10am to be put on hold been number 25 in the line, finally got though to the reception at 8:30am to be told NO APPOINTMENTS and to call back at 1:30pm, how disgusting. How are people the work FULL TIME supposed to get an appointment. I took the day off sick needing an appointment and can’t even get one. I think the doctors is horrendous and disgusting that you can’t even get an appointment. I am considering moving to somewhere that will provide a better service. I wound nor recommend to go at all.

Author: Patmos John
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good clinic. But, it very difficult to get an appointment with doctor to see face to face.

Author: Vicky Ingham
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t fault Riverside Medical Centre, yes you have to be on the ball to ring through at 8am to get an appointment with a doctor but I’ve never had a problem getting one. The receptionist team are professional and helpful. The doctors I’ve seen always put my health as priority. They are so much better than my previous doctors, moved due to a house move and I can honestly say Riverside are the best doctors I’ve been to.

Author: K Jefferz
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doesn't even deserve 1 star! I am absolutely disgusted with this doctors surgery! The most rudest uncompassionate receptionists working on the desk! Doctors themselves seem fine but it's just the amount of times it been like pulling teeth trying to get through for an appointment to end up getting fobbed off nearly everytime! 😡 Not to mention the serious incompetence of the receptionists when you need stuff to be urgently done! I'm overdue with stuff thanks to there lack of incompetence of getting a blood form off the system because they do not have the competence to get me it! Its not the first time its happened either! I don't think these receptionist are bothered about helping you even when you are nearly on deaths door! Why is Pontefract hospital so more efficient than this waste of space! No wonder our hospitals are rammed because of these absolute jokes! What the hell am I paying taxes for when I can't seem to get to see a doctor?!!!!! It's diabolical and someone high up needs to sort it out pronto!!!! 😤😡

Author: Kazzi Wilson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waste of time they say they will ring back still waiting not happy

Author: Metamorpth
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In the past year there have been incomplete repeat meds orders, lack of communicant between departments and doctors, urgent marked request not followed up, and a lack of answering the phone from 4:30 pm onwards. This place is going down hill fast.

Author: Donna Ledger
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The morning receptionist are by far some of the rudest people I've ever spoken too. Zero communication or people skills. Definitely not the right job for them.

Author: mark weaver
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse medical centre ever. 11 days waiting for medication 5 days without due to nobody looking at emails then went to surgery asking where it was and was given a bar code to get my meds. This was a barcode that had already being used so yet another day waiting told by receptionist it would need to be issued by a doctor but I would get a call when it was issued later today so I can collect. This never happened. Terrible service nobody cares about you at all they're all in their little bubble ignoring your needs. This will be reported to practice manager and pushed as high as it can go. Heart meds need to be taken not ignored for 11 days. Disgusting service

Author: Natalie Howcroft
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A truly superb medical center! Always fantastically friendly and remarkably accommodating!! Moved to this centre 2.5 years ago and they have been fantastic, polar opposite to our previous practice in Outwood. Many thanks indeed!!!

Author: Diane Jones
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All staff have always gone out of their way to help.
