Practice: ROYAL PRIMARY CARE CLAY CROSS
Canonical code: C81008
Postcode: S45 9NR
Google Maps title: Royal Primary Care Clay Cross
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Royal+Primary+Care+Clay+Cross/@53.167543,-1.4170226,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48798fd54446a6a1:0x18eea4f6f4ef5c41!8m2!3d53.1675398!4d-1.4144423!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vlk12fs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81008-royal-primary-care-clay-cross.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kieran Marriott
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kieran Marriott3 months ago

Author: Keith Johnson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Keith Johnson3 months ago

Author: Annette Blackett
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I belong to Royal Primary Care with Grassmoor. Forget about getting seen in Grassmoor, all my appointments are booked with Clay Cross. This is only a minor inconvenience. The problem with Clay Cross is GP availability and any constistancy. I recently had tests done at the hospital. I was told by reception that I must book an appointment two weeks in advance with a GP to get my results. Fair enough, I booked my appointment. The morning appointment offered between 8 and 12, phone call that I expected never came. I phoned to only be told it was a mistake from the GP who thought I was after another test that the results were not in yet. "Sorry, we will have a GP phone first thing in the morning." Frustrated, I was forced to accept the doctor had gone home for the day. Next day, came. No morning call came as expected. So, I phoned the office at 11. I was told, yes you're on our call back list. So much for another morning appointment. I went to work. At 5:30 p.m., my husband called. He asked if I got a phone call yet. Upon learning the answer was no, he took it upon himself to call and form a complaint. Within a half an hour, I got a call from the nurse. She listened to my complaints and said she would book me in to see a regular doctor. Great! So, I thought. It was another week before I was seen. 20 minutes past my scheduled appointment. Only to be told that another MRI of my neck was going to be ordered. It had been several years since the last one. Yes, I've been suffering for over 8 years. Sent to physio therapy and told by them "I must, learn to live with my pain." The GP refused to do an MRI of my shoulder years ago and still refuses today and this is where my pain is located. He told me, I may have to learn to live with my pain also. He refused to refer me to an orthopaedic when I asked. My shoulder muscles are gone. I've lost all strength in my dominate right arm. I'm so depressed and broken. Thanks Royal for years of chronic pain and depression. 19-12-23 Edit* I've since moved over to Hasland Medical. Wonderful, caring doctors there ❤️! I finally got my shoulder tested and found that my tendon is damaged beyond repair. Awaiting a new shoulder in 2024. Looking forward to a better year than these past years of misery have brought to me. 04/11/2025, I got my new shoulder just over a year ago and in asking great. The surgeon couldn't believe the amount of damage in the shoulder joint. All of this should never have taken years to get fixed. I'll never regret moving from Royal Primary to Hasland, never!

Author: Paul Crowder
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You cannot get to see a doctor at these practices. They do everything you avoid seeing patients.

Author: Cris Sillito
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited two weeks for a telephone consultation for a sick certificate and it was cancelled 10 minutes before it was due, no appointments available now for over 14 days again. I used to rate Blue Dykes highly but since RPC has taken over it’s awful now ..

Author: Ellen Williams
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to my doctors clay cross asked to see a nurse for a really bad cut receptionist told me go to chemist even though I told them I already had I was really worried so went to Grange nurse looked at wound within 2mins even though she had no available appointments she sent me to Ashgate whre I was seen I needed treatment and am going back for more treatments am so angry with receptionists at clay cross if I had listened I would have ended up at hospital won't be going to clay cross again

Author: Eileen Redman
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I rang the Drs on Wednesday. The line was very busy so I asked for a call back. It only seemed like minutes before I got the callback. I couldn’t get in that day but was told to ring at 8am the next morning. I rang and luckily I was only 4th in the queue. The receptionist was really nice and I got an appointment for that morning. I saw Abi. He was great. He sat and listened without interrupting and was kind when I cried. I have never had any problems with any of the clinical staff there. Sometimes it’s hard to get through on the phone but I try to stay and be a patient patient.

Author: Andrew Barnes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgraceful treatment of patients

Author: denise barnes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Appointment was on time and was sorted immediately.

Author: SUGAR RAY
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
SUGAR RAYLocal Guide · 8 reviewsa year ago
