Practice: DOVE RIVER
Canonical code: C81018
Postcode: DE13 9NA
Google Maps title: Dove River Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 21
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dove+River+Practice/@52.8579234,-1.6919926,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDOVE+RIVER+DE13+9NA!3m8!1s0x487a034c4a48f921:0x62c8282aa96658c8!8m2!3d52.8579234!4d-1.687229!9m1!1b1!15sChNET1ZFIFJJVkVSIERFMTMgOU5BkgEVcHVibGljX21lZGljYWxfY2VudGVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc22x7xf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81018-dove-river.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: LIZZA Francis
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t not go this doctors, my kids have got a Skin condition life-threatening it is called Epidermolysis bullos when BULLEN call them last September they A fuse descriptions all the Time I have had BULLEN 15 years my daughter was born with it , but it’s top I have to wait two weeks for appointment after having a emergency C-section I found a lump like a egg and they gave me a telephone’s appointment not willing to see me and I phone up see if I can order some Duloxetine, because I had a car accident nine years ago I have got fibromyalgia And they said it’s not on repeat prescription when it always has been i find this rather disgusting Iam not going back lucky I am on maternity leave my fibromyalgia has flared up and when I joined the surgery I did six hour shift at Jet 2 finished work went to the doctors and saw a old man doctor which was he was very rude and abrupt saying I was fat when it was actually found to be water retention cause I saw a private doctor

Author: Rebecca Upton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliants doctors. Receptionists, nurses and doctors are always lovely and supportive. Always able to get an appointment. Couldn’t ask for anything more.

Author: Lucy Cocker
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Caring gp practice. Always available when you need them

Author: janet hart
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have been at the Practice for eight months. Due to health issues we have had to use Dove River Practice quite regularly. Receptionists and Medical Team are absolutely wonderful. Excellent Care. Hence 5 Stars.

Author: David Mear
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
David Meara year ago

Author: nick Broad
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been with Dove River Practice for over 30 years, at every time of need the doctors, nurses, pharmacists and receptionists have been there for my family and me. This continues; today I had a same day appointment easily arranged by phone and seen by a GP in the morning. Quite how these GP’s stand the pace I just do not know, but from me it’s a very big THANK YOU! GP’s are under enormous pressure, we should all do our best to encourage them to continue their practice.

Author: J T
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Following a text message I attempted to arrange the necessary appointments whilst attending an asthma review. The service at reception was appalling and useless in the extreme. Why send messages when the reception staff are disinclined make the arrangements? Since the departure of Dr Ashford, the standard of my health care has gone into a steep and rapid decline.

Author: Lex Griffin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I called 15 times for an appointment this morning, every single time the phone was put down on me. Don't even bother

Author: Nicola Roome
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP practice used to be an excellent GP practice, very sad to say this is absolutely not the case now and would not recommend anyone to join the practice. They are disorganised, odd GP here who is rude, clearly really not wishing to be at work and is on wind down for retirement. Receptionist are one of the most rude and obstructive people I have met in healthcare. This is a GP surgery where you have to be plan to be unwell in approx 3 -6mths time to get any sort of appointment, even then they are likely to change it to meet their own needs and not the needs of the patients. Absolutely disgusting service and nothing to be proud of, such a shame considering it used to be fantastic. I come across lots of NHS services that are struggling considerably in the current climate, however they strive to provide the very best they can and are polite and professional. That cannot be said about Dove River Practice, Tutbury..

Author: Catherine Parkes
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t praise this surgery highly enough. I have always been able to get on the day appointments, and they also continue to offer pre-bookable appointments whereas a lot of practices are doing away with that now. A few years ago my husband had a serious illness and Dr Gilchrist made sure he spoke to both myself or my husband every time we needed to speak to a GP. So we never needed to go over the details each time we called in. The receptionists at the surgery are kind, compassionate and incredibly helpful and in my experience have always done their absolute best to find appointments when we have needed them.
