Practice: COLLEGE STREET MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C81097
Postcode: NG10 4NP
Google Maps title: College Street Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/College+Street+Medical+Practice/@52.9046845,-1.28453,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879e8dbd1aa73eb:0x6d8269989c149d9c!8m2!3d52.9046813!4d-1.2819497!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vd75ftb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81097-college-street-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ryan Monk
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
They are shit they left my missuses Coil in for a year and a half left her with an infection so they eventually took it out then for my missus to have a huge blood clot come out of her she rang 111 they told her that it was on the system she was pregnant carrying for 9 weeks and her Dr at college street the very Dr that took it out should have known that when she had it took out but didn't tell her nothing not even a phone call don't go to college street they are no good I'm moving to West park

Author: Agnas eldho
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad service. Whenever I called for appointments for kids, they just don't care and saying no appointments left even if I call at 8. 00 am, and always Referring to walk in centre or health centre.

Author: neil biddulph
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude receptionist witnessed by 2 people via speakerphone thinkg of changing doctors now

Author: Simon Paul (Si)
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the first bad experience I have had with a gp practice. I wanted a sick note due to having eye surgery with a private healthcare provider. It took them one week to complete this and it would have taken longer if I didn’t pester them about it. DON"T let them fob you off and push you to one side! And don't give in to their patronising tone they use over the phone. This practice needs a major restructure or even closing down as I haven’t heard a single positive thing about them.

Author: Karen Tyler
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently attended cleve Lodge for my flu vaccination, they offered a BP test at the same time which confirmed extremely high BP. Anne the receptionist contacted me and immediately booked me in to see Dr Varghese. Who was brilliant, arranged x rays and different tests which which were carried out by Andrea Bucknall over the next 3 days, Andrea was brilliant too , even fitting me in to one of her other clinics so she could complete my tests . Thank you to all the staff at the surgery for the outstanding service I received

Author: Keith Thornhill
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I wish Dr Morley and bhatia were still running it ...

Author: Claire Delaforce
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sadly worst doctors I have even had the misfortune to register with. Can never get through at 8am and when u do successfully get through all appointments are gone. Doctors rush you through appointments and don't listen. Being forced to change doctors now due to lack of staff, empathy, appointments.

Author: Dan Walker (Banjaxed)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've lived all over the country and this is HANDS DOWN the worst GP surgery I've ever had the misfortune of registering myself with. Avoid at all costs. If there was a way to complain that would result in any sort of action taken against the surgery I would be taking it.

Author: Skippy Wilberforce
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely dreadful. It used to be bad but it’s gotten even worse recently. You have to call at 8am to get an appointment which is no good if that’s the time you start work. Tried calling as soon as possible after 8am and no appointments left. Advised to call 111 or go the the walk-in centre. My condition isn’t urgent so neither of these options are suitable. The receptionist was dismissive and needs some customer service lessons. I just want an appointment. I don’t care if it’s 3 weeks ahead.

Author: Sajan Pereira
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sajan Pereira1 review5 months ago
