Practice: ROYAL PRIMARY CARE CHESTERFIELD WEST
Canonical code: C81045
Postcode: S40 4AA
Google Maps title: Royal Primary Care Rectory Road
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 211
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Royal+Primary+Care+Rectory+Road/@53.2189253,-1.4924457,12z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sROYAL+PRIMARY+CARE+CHESTERFIELD+WEST+S40+4AA!3m8!1s0x48799bbba2fc12fd:0xf7de83812f0858dc!8m2!3d53.2682896!4d-1.3506572!9m1!1b1!15sCixST1lBTCBQUklNQVJZIENBUkUgQ0hFU1RFUkZJRUxEIFdFU1QgUzQwIDRBQZIBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F11bzs_vn25?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.6
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81045-royal-primary-care-chesterfield-west.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Hah Haha
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
When you think something is drastically wrong and it takes 3 weeks to just be seen is terrible the surgery was always rubbish but now it's Time for someone to do something about this diabolical surgery it needs replacing. Bring back the system where you can walk in and get a same day appointment. Just change before your horrible service causes unnecessary suffering

Author: AShep “Abbie”
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly staff and GP very helpful thank you

Author: Elaine Eyre
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking, can never see a dr face to face. Waiting room empty. Never appointments and when you book on this so called anima they dont even get back to you. They're disgusting.

Author: Michelle Rose
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What a diabolical surgery I phoned up up start December had the ridiculous system with triage was supposedly triaged then because I was driving I missed two calls so they took on themselves to cancel. Phoned up again today spoke to a extremely rude receptionist who went over same why they cancelled I explained I was driving and won't answer my phone when I'm driving. I then asked can I get a Dr to call me back was told no you have to go and book it all you will be triaged then they decide if you need an appointment or call back. I have been in excruciating pain with trapped nerves my pain Medication isn't working I have googled and it says I need immediate medical attention. I told her this system is clearly not working she told me it's NHS England she refused point blank to give her name . I told her forget it I want this put as a formal complaint she said I have to write in I said no problem I will be contacting care quality commissioner and my mp Time they was closed down not fit for purpose too greedy with money making

Author: Liz Martin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Expecting you to fill a form in while experiencing extreme pain and on opiates.then when you get it wrong . Your just passed about . Took 5 attempts 6 days and district nurse to finally get the help I needed .as had DVT

Author: Paige R
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Massive joke, waited 45 minutes for my appointment, went and asked how long it would be to be told they moved it because the doctor called in sick. Fair enough but why not sort it 45 MINUTES PRIOR. The surgery had been open 45 minutes already before my appointment. When I asked how long it would be for me to get my next appointment the other receptionist threatened to cancel it because i asked. At this point I was struggling to breathe and wasnt sick enough for A&E. Waited an hour and 10, to be told I was 'fine'. Nothing but problems with royal primary care. Receptionists are arguably ruder than patients atp

Author: simi shan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rubbish doctors visited Ruth Bentley and she was no help told me it was js a cough and later on the following day I was wheezing and needed inhaler I told her that I needed one and she didn’t bother doing anything

Author: Lee Umney
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I needed to visit the GP surgery this morning to request an appointment for an issue that is causing me pain and affecting my sleep. On entering the GP surgery in Staveley there's a large seemingly hand written sign saying that you won't receive an appointment straight away as it needs to go to a 'clinician led triage team'. On approaching the receptionist she seemed more interested in fobbing me off and telling me it would be quicker for me to do it myself online. I'm not tech adverse, far from it but I don't want another app on my phone and I'm not signing up to use another web portal when, quite literally, there are people being paid to sit there and deal with the public. A 'clinician led triage team', what exactly is this? I have no idea, is it a team of clinicians or just one and several other people who just follow a script? Again, no idea, the receptionist didn't seem able to tell me either. After the information was reluctantly taken, I was informed that someone would be in touch, when exactly no one could tell me, great and not really a problem if you don't work, not so great if you work and have to notify people and potentially move appointments, meetings, etc. All this happened just after 8am this morning, it's now 10:20 and guess what, total silence from the GPs, nothing, NADA. This system is a joke.
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Hi Lee Thank you for your review. We are really sorry that the call was terminated, usually when this happens our receptionists will try to call back if the mobile number shows on our call system, but if the number is withheld they are unable to do so. All of our calls are recorded for training and potential dispute purposes. If you would like this issue investigating, please feel free to fill in the following form: https://www.rpcchesterfield.co.uk/compliments-comments--concerns-form Kind Regards, Royal Primary Care

Author: deb morris
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'd give these minus star's if I could they are absolutely pathetic iv got a disabled son that iv sorted his appointments phone calls paperwork n everything else out all his life n this last 12 month these idiots from rectory road have managed to get his medication stopped because they apparently miss read a letter from mental health team and now not talk to me aboit anything to do with him even though he's 24 so not only just become an adult so they cant use that as an excuse shocking service

Author: Nobesotho Wendy Dube
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited on the line for 1 hour and when they picked up they dropped the call without a word.I am not impressed with the services.
