Practice: WILSON STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: C81009
Postcode: DE1 1PG
Google Maps title: Wilson Street Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 241
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wilson+Street+Surgery/@52.9190476,-1.4834582,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWILSON+STREET+SURGERY+DE1+1PG!3m8!1s0x4879f13d287e1ff3:0x76b63d6563b642eb!8m2!3d52.919137!4d-1.4800832!9m1!1b1!15sCh1XSUxTT04gU1RSRUVUIFNVUkdFUlkgREUxIDFQR5IBFGdlbmVyYWxfcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1t_wnwmf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81009-wilson-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Vik Dhankhar
Date: 6 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service

Author: San 01
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
I truly can’t recommend Dr Ghandi highly enough. She is warm, personable , incredibly thorough and impressively knowledgeable. She has a natural ability to put you at ease. She takes the time to really listen and explains everything clearly, so you always feel informed and confident in the advice she gives.Her patient centred approach really sets her apart, she is attentive and never makes you feel rushed or overlooked.I have full confidence in her expertise and judgement and I always leave feeling reassured and well cared for. She is an outstanding professional with an excellent manner. Dr Ghandi is not only my preferred doctor but also a firm favourite of my mum and extended family.i actively seek to book my appointments with her when possible. She truly represents everything a doctor should be and more.

Author: Graham Roach
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great and quick service.

Author: wayne mills
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Couldn't be better appointment was made for me at my convenience and Dr Richards was superb explained everything to me easily and clearly listen3d ti what I had to say and calmed all my concerns I couldn't of asked for anything more he was brilliant thanks for all your help and advice

Author: Bethany Blake
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Bethany BlakeLocal Guide · 25 reviews2 weeks ago New

Author: N
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Whilst all the doctors at the surgery are great I have to point out Dr Smith, Dr Gandhi and Dr Higgs are exceptional. Dr Higgs completed mine and my newborn’s 8 week check (final time ever). He was extremely kind, warm, compassionate, friendly and diligent. Our checks were completed and I was reassured that all is well. Dr Higgs also took the time to find me a quiet room to breastfeed my newborn while waiting for her vaccinations for which I was extremely grateful for. He is the epitome of how a GP should be and I’m so grateful my final experience of an 8 week postnatal check was with him - thank you Dr Higgs 👏🏼! I would also like to draw the surgery’s attention to that of practice nurse, Katy who has completed vaccinations for both my toddler and newborn. I always request for Katy to be the one to administer my children’s vaccinations as she’s absolutely BRILLIANT! She’s extremely warm, friendly, professional and knowledgeable and explains what the individual vaccines protect against and how they work. Katy is great with children of all ages and doesn’t prolong their anxiety of having the vaccination as she’s very quick at the injections and she gives sound post immunisation advice for the children. Thank you again Katy you’re a credit to the surgery - we look forward to seeing you again for the follow up boosters 🙌🏼!

Author: Gill Milward
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent care from Dr Higgs. He acted on information I gave him and ensured my mum recieved the scan and subsequent treatment she needed. The receptionist was very thoughtful and enabled my mum to be seen in a downstairs consulting room. Thank you

Author: wendy hall
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We used to have the best surgery in derby, but the past few months it is a nightmare. I have been very let down and i feel my husband is not being cared for properly in the past few months. Especially as he has been put on new medication and he has had no follow up, to check how he is. I am so worried that this is how our gp doctors will now deal with patients. Because i for could not stand the thought that I can't choose the doctor i want to see on any given day. I am not one at the doctors all the time. Infact i am terrified seeing doctors, that is why I want to have a choice who i see. The thought that I will have to talk to a doctor on the phone and not facing someone in a surgery terrifies me and also if it's a doctor i am not comfortable with terrifies me. What a world are we in when you diagnose people on the phone. Most people only open up when they are in a surgery.
Practice response date: 5 years ago
Practice response:
We're sorry you felt this merited a one star review. The concerns you describe are related to the Coronavirus pandemic and are not isolated to Wilson Street Surgery. If you have specific concerns please make a complaint in writing, so we can identity you and the specific concerns you are raising.

Author: Nigel
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Wilson St Surgery is not the easiest to get an appointment at, you have to make sure your ready as soon as the appointments go online at 8am. Then its a race against time to read the times and which Dr is which for each appointment so you have to be quick and I've seen it many times where by 08.01 ALL the appointments are gone ! Sometimes theres 8 or less appointments, occasionally more but not loads. And if you try to ring up the receptionists give you the standard answer " I'm afraid all the appointments are gone you'll have to try again tomorrow". The appointment system is shockingly stressful, I know many surgeries have similar issues but it needs sorting. You used to be able to ring up and the receptionist would say they can book you in at the end of surgery, but they don't even offer to do that now. Also if you ring to try and make an appointment the receptionist's will ask what the problem is, I'm pretty sure they've been instructed to say that but that is really none of their business and the reason usually given is so they can put you with the right Dr, I know Drs have specialties but I would like to think that ALL Drs have the capabilities to diagnose most ailments. Another problem is consistency, every Dr has a slightly different opinion about treatment etc so to not be able to see the same Dr when you have an ongoing health issue that you've seen them before with makes no sense and can be stressful for elderly patients like ourselves. My wife and I are in our 60's and we try and see the same Dr for the above reasons, Dr Richards is a very understanding Dr as are several at the practice and he has a fantastic 'bedside' manor same as Drs Daniels and Fyle before they retired from the practice. The practice itself is not a bad practice but the appointment system is a lottery as to whether you can get an appointment, also their doesn't seem to be many appointments available at Taddington Road when you go online. which is within walking distance for us. We aren't stupid people and are aware the N.H.S in general is under pressure. But Drs surgeries are mostly private partnership's with a growing number run by private corporations, much like vets. So patients need more availability for appointments, the online system is a good way to access these along with repeat prescriptions, but while we are quite savvy with the internet some elderly patients are not, so appointments should also be able to be booked ' easily' over the phone. Thank you Nigel M Cooper

Author: Christina Mila-Rose
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
My GP practice are always first rate. Today Dr Ramanathan was absolutely amazing, he has for some time really kept in track of blood pressure and had always sent message for me to either submit readings or review my health in general abd ensures my wellbeing is forefront of his job as a GP, I cannot thank him enough for managing my health to ensure I am in the correct medication to prevent any future problems. Very caring and diligent doctor.
