Practice: LIMES MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C81099
Postcode: DE55 7DW
Google Maps title: Limes Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 61
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Limes+Medical+Centre/@53.0982674,-1.3903167,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879926bb529d417:0x7f1bba25bb3b5bd9!8m2!3d53.0982642!4d-1.3877364!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgfcwrg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81099-limes-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicky Sewell
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Very horrible if I can call her a woman on reception leaving this practice now due to how horrible she is so unhelpful and doesn't give a shit how she is still in a job says it all about that surgery go elsewhere if you want to be treated with respect

Author: Elle Mai
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I seen Dr Talha, he was really helpful and thorough with my appointment today! The receptionist was also really helpful and friendly

Author: Keith Richardson's
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife has injured her back, she is in agony all day and isnt sleeping due to muscle spasms locking her back when she turns over in bed. Its been a week now so this morning, called Limes for an emergency appointment, only to be told she needed to fill in the online triage form. She completed the form straight away but heard nothing until lunchtime when she was informed a prescription of ibuprofen gel was at the pharmacy. She had already explained on the form she had been using the gel, plus over the counter meds but nothing was easing the pain, so rang the doctors back to explain this, at 1.45 she got a call to say the doctor wanted to examine her, but at this point she was due to go into work for 3pm bearing in mind she had already taken most of the day off for an appointment she wasnt offered earlier, and was unable to go in at that point. She then got a call back to say the doctor would issue a short course of painkillers. I went to pick up said painkillers and the pharmacy gave me ibriprofen gel. They had no other prescription for her authorised. So I went into Limes to ask where it was and was told a doctor at Blackwell was dealing with it. Receptionist said they'd chase it up, I went back to the pharmacy at 5.50pm, still no meds and my wife got a call to say the doctor wouldnt prescribe them as she is on another medication, noone had informed her of this earlier. She was then offered a physio appoinment which she declined as A: her back is too painful at the moment to enable her to do physio and B: by the time said appointment comes through, no doubt her back will have healed sufficiantly enough to not need it anyway. Total joke, trying to get this sorted from initial phone call at 8am until 6pm today, 2 phonecalls, 2 pharmacy visits and one physical trip in to Limes, to end up absolutely no better off than when we started. The practice was totally empty when I went in there, half a dozen doctors and staff doing absolutely nothing. This new triage system is supposed to eleviate stress and waiting times and prioritize those in need and yet all it really us, is an excuse for doctors to not have to see you. None of us want to go to the GP, if we request an appointment/medication, it is because we genuinely need it. My wifes medication can be taken alongside the painkillers she needed, for a short time, under medical supervision, so to just refuse and leave her in such pain is just unethical. Limes medical center standards have really dropped since merging with Blackwell and now this ridiculous triage system which means you will never actually get to see a GP when there is a genuine emergency, unless the practice chooses. We are constantly being told not to use A&E unless its unavoidable because they are overstretched and yet our GP services leave us with no choice. People will end up dying over this ridiculous situation and unfortunately it will take that before anything changes.

Author: Carol Colins
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgraceful practice. I have been once, told that at 5ft7" and 9.6 st my hip pain was due to being overweight, never mind the corrective surgery for insertion of a hip screw to repair the fracture and having a subsequent ectremely painful bursitis in the hip. Trying to get past the ignorant receptionists is a miracle and getting a simple blood test sorted is completely hopeless. I give up. I will simply.use walk in centres from now on rather than waste another moment trying gor help from the most unhelpful GP practice I have ever come across. Complete waste of space!

Author: Zelda
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have only just moved to Alfreton,thank you for the care & support,& after more sad health results. The Doctor & reception have been so compationit X

Author: Kwadwo Richard
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kwadwo Richard1 reviewa month ago

Author: Jon
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Got a phone call back within 30 minutes. Of the view it's quite hard to see a GP face to face but pleased with my experience today. Not sure why you can't book an appointment on the NHS app at this surgery? Samples must be returned before 12 otherwise you'll have to do one again. Problem with the modern NHS is it has turned into a machine of rules and lacking the human aspect.

Author: Charlie N
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wouldn't recommend this surgery, -Denied a house bound & disabled patient home visits from district nurses, thus delaying treatment for months and leading to a decline in health -GP incompetence with referrals, GP was meant to assess me for a diagnosis in 2023 and they didn't do this, which lead to a delay in diagnosis, treatment and a worsening of my mobility and pain -Took 7 years of advocacy to get a review of pain medication for chronic pain condition -using an advocacy service didn't help as advocate had same issues with GP -Many issues with them refusing to carry out referrals. They insisted ASD.ADHD can be self referred, which they can't. The UKpsych website even outlines this clearly and I sent this to them, still they refused to send this for ages, then they sent the referral wrong which meant a delay of 1yr for my ASD referral -Difficult to get through the phones -Argumentative and passive aggressive phone staff, it I a always polite to them but this doesn't make a difference -Hard to get an appointment thats not a month out -Even more challenging is dealing with rude/unhelpful receptionist who often try to argue -More difficulties having to advocate for yourself with Drs, I have found only 1 Dr at Limes to be supportive, helpful and proactive (but only after making a huge mistake in delaying treatment) will at least listen but most dismiss you if you are disabled/chronically ill which is incredibly ableist -GP leaving inaccurate notes -Even had the brilliant OT/Physio and gynaecology Dr's at Ripley write letters to my GP's advising them it's in their professional opinion that a diagnosis/treatment would be beneficial to me and still the GP refuses, delays, denies. -Didn't inform me of a diagnosis that was made in diabetes which is insane, you can die or lose a limb because of this. The incompetence is a major threat to patients health and quality of life. -I have had to quote NHS quidelines to them, as often the GP is wrong on these guidelines, it seems the practice operates on bureaucracy and admin over what is NHS guidelines or best for the patient. I even had a GP ask me to send them the link to NHS guidelines I was quoting and he STILL did the opposite of what was suggested and his decision was an admin one, not a medical one. -every diagnosis and treatment I have, has come off my own back, not a single one was from a GP trying to help. I feel that really sums up the state of things at Blackwell & Limes. Other medical professionals have advised me to just move to another GP practice because of how poor both Blackwell & Limes are. However i don't believe it will be better elsewhere and I think they should just do better for the sake of all of their patients. I have raised complaints, had other medical professions try to intervene, used advocacy services (who met the same frustrations and exhaustion I did), written to my MP and complained to the health ombudsman. Sadly it seems patient experience actually does not have any impact on how practices are run, just look at all the poor reviews on google which shows you they are overwhelmingly letting down patients across the board. I genuinely fear for those patients who can not advocate for themselves and who are without any support, as they will never get their basic needs met at this practice. If you do advocate for yourself you will be deemed difficult.

Author: Ryan Cooper
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service. I called at 8am, the receptionist was polite and friendly, I got an appointment within 2 hours. The doctor was excellent and the issue was diagnosed correctly.

Author: Fiona Wallis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
From the receptionists to the doctors this practice is brilliant, they are kind considerate and incredibly helpful, can’t fault them in any way, been with them over 20 years and never been disappointed,xx
