Practice: LISTER HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: C81072
Postcode: DE23 8RJ
Google Maps title: Lister House Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 284
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lister+House+Surgery/@52.9019239,-1.4796673,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4879f0dde52218e7:0x16a9f66372ab141c!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879f0ddbef65613:0x825abd27446515a3!8m2!3d52.9019207!4d-1.477087!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfq8rql?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81072-lister-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ali Goran
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
i can't booking appointment I can't calling gp what can I do ? thursday i was called 434 times i cant get appointment . friday i was called them over 300 times they make phone line busy my GP lester house in derby de23 8RJ . Your service full rubbish . You told me online how I book online if you not give option and can't get appointment online ?
Practice response date: 2 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review, Ali. I'm sorry to hear that you're having such trouble with our phone line, which remains very busy. If you're having difficulty reaching us over the phone, I would strongly encourage you to try filling in our online form to request an appointment. Your request will be dealt with on the same day if submitted before 6PM, and the surgery will contact you instead of you needing to call us repeatedly.

Author: Omar Abdalla
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good but busy
Practice response date: 4 days ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the review, Omar. We're glad to hear you had a good experience.

Author: Shaz
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Only one supposedly trained menopause doctor Dr Afshan and all she wants to do is get you off the phone. Very patronising and degrading not professional at all. Reception staff are lovely can't fault them

Author: Sam B
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Probably the worst surgery with in Derby. Can’t get an appointment for an ill child. They will be sending you around in circles. You have to fill out their silly online form, then wait for their call. In one occasion we did the online form and they referred us to pharmacy. When the pharmacy called they referred us back to surgery. Then wait for their call again. If you miss the call they will send you back online. At the end they send you to emergency care because you missed their call. This is a circus not a surgery.
Practice response date: 2 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review, Sam. I can certainly understand the frustration you have from this experience. We are under a lot of pressure in general practice, and have to have processes to send patients to get the care that we believe is most appropriate, as quickly as possible. If the pharmacist, following assessment believes this must be referred back to the surgery, then we follow the process to get you seen. I of course understand that this may feel like being sent in circles, but is a part of our triage process, where our clinicians will send patients to what they believe is the most appropriate service based on the symptoms and information provided.

Author: Jake Estalo
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Never any parking here. Always have to park far. Doctor ia not usually available either

Author: Lula Horva
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lula Horva2 months ago

Author: Vincent Raimondo
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just an update on my review, I rung up the surgery. I found out I was number 36 in the queue, so I pressed 1 for the option for them to call me back. After waiting over an hour I rung the surgery back, to find out I was still number 36 in the queue. Utterly appalling long gone are the days when you could rely on your GP service. Well I am just editing my review because now you have to do a appointment request online!!!!!!! I did put in all the details about a serious condition & instead of them getting back to me, saying yes you can have a appointment on such and Such. They have just fobed us off to A&E again putting more pressure on the NHS. GPs are a JOKE!!!!!!!! Well I've been here about a Yr now, and the receptionist are rude don't even say please, when they're asking for your name date of birth, or first line of address. Had an operation on my back, that left an open wound, the surgery was meant to dress it every day. However after the worst experience ever from a nurse, who barely done nothing for the wound, put a long dressing that came off within a matter of mins. So my wife had to do it, now my wife is away for a week, and the surgery won't understand that I'm having panic attacks about them putting a dressing on. Tried to explain that I'm now petrified to go back. They have not cared just said if you want to complain send an email!!! No patient care or understanding at all...... Put 1 Star as can't put 0. First few times had a great service, treated amazing. Had my yearly check up, and because of family health history, was advised to do blood test. It's been over 2 weeks, and still nothing, so I rung up todayto be given results, by the receptionist, not a doctor. Now no disrespect to the receptionist, but for something serious as a health problem I was expecting a qualified medical professional to inform me of the results.
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review Vincent. We are glad that we were able to offer you good service in your first few visits. The surgery and primary care as a whole is under immense pressure and we have to make the most efficient use of resources possible. Therefore, we do not contact patients if their results are normal, and instead ask that patients contact the surgery or use our online portal (SystmOnline) or the NHS app to retrieve test results. We do however contact patients if their test result is abnormal or requires follow up. We completely understand that it would be far more convenient if we could contact every patient about their test result, and we would love to do this if we had the capacity and staffing to do so. If you would be happy to, we would love to hear any feedback from yourself on how we could improve in future, so we can continue to offer the same great service you experienced in your first visits. If you would like to do this, please email us using this email address: ddicb.listerhouse.patientcare@nhs.net

Author: Malcolm Wilson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lister House Surgery provides outstanding care. As someone who struggles with mental health, I am always treated with the utmost respect and kindness by all the staff. I am particularly grateful to Dr. Palmer; compassionate listening and support have helped me through some very tough times. It is a fantastic practice where you truly feel like a person, not just a patient. Thank you

Author: Merna Williams
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very professional, knowledge and supportive

Author: Sweetness
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist who dealt with me the other day I could not thank enough. I was in absolute agony and she submitted my form on my behalf and I had a call from a clinician within an hour and was dealt with very quickly. Prescribed antibiotics promptly and now on the mend. Thank you to not only the doctor but the receptionist who both was sympathetic and polite at all times
