Practice: MICKLEOVER SURGERY
Canonical code: C81113
Postcode: DE3 9BJ
Google Maps title: Mickleover Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mickleover+Surgery/@52.9071123,-1.5465478,16z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMICKLEOVER+SURGERY+DE3+9BJ!3m8!1s0x4879f71d80aa5b61:0xbfb5e0f3639c421d!8m2!3d52.9071853!4d-1.5363661!9m1!1b1!15sChpNSUNLTEVPVkVSIFNVUkdFUlkgREUzIDlCSpIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmlj4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F12hlpsyqp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81113-mickleover-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: lorna deane
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Wow fasted appointment ever, went online to do it, recieved an email straight away offering same day appointment. Been to surgery got a prescription, now hopefully on the mend.

Author: Cain
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist is a joke put the phone down on me twice and was shouting down the phone the Dr's there are crap every week I'm chasing up my medication I'm now changing surgery there atrocious

Author: Jackie Miller
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved from a very poor practice in Derby about 18 months ago to Mickleover Surgery. I have nothing but praise for the Doctors, nurses and backroom team,they were so supportive during the last weeks of my wife’s cancer battle. Receptionist always helpful on the phone or whenever I go to the surgery. Superb GP practice.

Author: Ian Martin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Despite making a specific request it was ignored. Need to read the notes on the NHS requests.

Author: p.l.thoshya Toshi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very nice and quick service. Thank you

Author: Simran Johal
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery needs closing down!!!!!! Don’t know how they are still open when they have no care at all towards patients.. I have called 40 times this morning this 7:59 for the call to get cut off not be able to speak to anyone or the line to actually ring until 8:30 to be told all appointments are gone for the day. Absolute joke No wonder people get progressively worse and suffer in silence when you can’t even get a GP appointment Absolute joke and mockery of tax payers money. This surgery needs a better system or closing down.

Author: Reuben Thomas
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
My husband had an appointment with Dr Azad this morning and he has been experiencing back pain and leg pain for 3 months now for which we have been back and forth several times but wasn’t offered any help other than Naproxen . As soon as he explains his symptoms today and past input the Dr asked him what more does he expect from them at this point I had to intervene to say he has not had any investigations/ referrals yet and if they could refer him for a scan to rule out the underlying cause. The Dr kept on cutting out me when I was trying to explain the situation. I do understand the constraints of health care but is it too much to ask for empathy and good listening skills from HP’s these days ?? Atleast we should be offered that for all the tax money we have paid for the past 12 years.

Author: Ann D
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Please do not book any appointments with this doctor Dr Huseen Rude unprofessional the worst GP I have ever been registered Zero stars

Author: emma holt
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I booked two appointments, one for myself and one for my son. Then received a message to say I’d missed my appointment even though I was told verbally my appointment time which I had written down on a piece of paper along with a request for a urine sample. I am 6 months pregnant suffering with headaches. After being pushed from pillar to post all week and being referred back my GP for further advice, as you can imagine I’m at the end of my tether. Luckily they were able to squeeze me in at the end of surgery but no apology or explanation for the mix up.

Author: D
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If they hsd minus it would get -5. An utter joke od a drs surgery that just seems to get worse and worse. Totally incompetent receptionists its almost like they only employ incompetent receptionists. They can't even tell.younthe write time for your appointment. Majority of the drs show very little care want you in and out without actually listening to the issues why you are there. Getting truly sick and tired of it the management need to investigate these issues and put in serious improvements its simply not fair on the patients.
