Practice: WELLBROOK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C81110
Postcode: DE65 5GZ
Google Maps title: Wellbrook Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wellbrook+Medical+Centre/@52.8713987,-1.6325101,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a1d37ab67c117:0xd1ef5190c7140150!8m2!3d52.8713955!4d-1.6299298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdb3t9q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81110-wellbrook-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: D P
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The absolute worst in every way

Author: Leticia Ritchie
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Leticia Ritchie1 review2 months ago

Author: Darren Maddocks
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
UPDATE on my previous review below. I’ve just had a telephone call with Leslie the reception manager who was absolutely amazing today dealing with my issue I can’t thank her enough thank you very much. I don’t usually like to complain, but I do feel it’s important to give this feedback. A receptionist’s main role is to be polite and helpful, especially when dealing with patients who may already be stressed or unwell. I called to chase up a sick note that I had been waiting over six days for. I began the call by saying, “Good morning, I’m just chasing up a sick note. I’ve been waiting five days — is that normal, or do I need to be more patient?” The first response I received was, “Well I have no idea who I’m talking to.” I felt this came across as quite rude. A more polite approach would have been something like, “That’s okay, I’ll look into it for you — can I take your name please?” The tone of the conversation made me feel quite upset. Eventually, the receptionist did confirm that the sick note was past the normal deadline date and said she would chase it up immediately, which I appreciated. I would just ask that management remind staff how much a caring, kind, and considerate approach matters. Small things like tone and wording can make a big difference to patients.

Author: Ben Jackson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible, staff are uncaring and incompetent, have been stuffing with joint pain for 5 months I am now unable to use my right hand properly or walk for long periods of time and have been advised there is a three month wait for blood tests

Author: Hardeep Poonia
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is no way to get any help or support over the phone. They direct you to online services. When you’re in a lot of pain booking appointments on line is not possible. I have already been in to see the Doctor twice. Not been listened to and sent away with no solution. This has left me with no resolve after 4 weeks. Shocking

Author: Alexandria Williams
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang to cancel an appointment for my elderly mother, as she is unable to use the phone herself. Before I could even provide the relevant details, I was met with unnecessary rudeness from the receptionist. I was told I didn’t have consent to know whether my mother had an appointment, despite the fact that I wasn’t asking for that information; I was simply trying to cancel it. What I find completely illogical is that you don’t need consent to make an appointment on someone’s behalf, yet you apparently need it to cancel or rebook. That makes no sense. If I didn’t have consent, how would you cancel an appointment in the first place? The process is flawed and clearly not thought through. As healthcare staff, there is a basic duty of care and professionalism that should be upheld. I work in healthcare myself, and I would never speak to a patient's family member the way I was spoken to today. If you don’t like your job or working with the public, perhaps it’s time to consider a different role, because this behaviour has no place in healthcare. I wish I had caught the name of the staff member I spoke to, as I will be raising a formal complaint regarding her attitude and conduct. Extremely disappointing.

Author: P S
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The receptionists are helpful and empathetic. Cannot fault the service, they call back as promised and have provided appointments as soon as possible. I was late to a blood test appointment, the receptionist and phlebotomist were accommodating and still took the blood test.

Author: LESLEY WITHAM
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I needed medication I had run out and not on repeat, spoke to reception, very friendly & helpful, text next day prescription ready, service at its best, brilliant

Author: madge finney
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
trying to log in for meds. totally logged out my continuing pass word and details i dont have. i am 80 and computor literate good help those that are not. my BP is now sky high down to you. hope you are satisified

Author: Bethany Peaty
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Never really had a problem with the doctors but today I had to get my son weighed in reception. And the way I was spoken to by the manager was shocking! Maybe she needs retraining on how to talk to member of the public!
