Practice: DERWENT MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C81652
Postcode: DE1 3AZ
Google Maps title: Derwent Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 53
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Derwent+Medical+Centre/@52.9294677,-1.4816841,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879f140775e4521:0xdfd121d5d97bcfb2!8m2!3d52.9294645!4d-1.4791038!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v62h5p1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81652-derwent-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Felix Felix
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Wouldn't give even a one star. A patient attended the practice experiencing severe pain and was visibly distressed. When I asked whether there was any possibility that a doctor could see the patient sooner due to the level of pain, the receptionist responded abruptly with “No,” without offering any explanation or suggesting alternatives. I also asked whether someone could check the patient’s oxygen level. The receptionist replied, “No, I can’t.” I would like to clarify that I was not expecting the receptionist personally to perform any clinical task, but rather to advise whether a nurse or appropriate clinician could assist. No effort was made to offer guidance, reassurance, or alternative options.

Author: Alicia
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since Dr David Worley joined the practice, things have slowly started to change. I am extremely impressed with the way he manages my mother’s condition as well as my own health issues, including my thyroid condition, high blood pressure, and others. He regularly reminds us every three months about blood test results and follow-up appointments. Dr Worley shows genuine interest in his patients and is truly an outstanding specialist. He understands what autoimmune thyroid disease is and ordered antibody tests for me, which surprised many of my friends, as GP doctors often either lack knowledge in this area or tend to downplay the problem. Until now, there had been no doctor at this GP practice who genuinely cared about patients. Dr Worley is a true professional, and only thanks to specialists like him can this GP surgery improve. Even the reception staff can finally learn a great deal from such high standards of professionalism.

Author: Aleena Shelton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The ladies on the phone were very helpful I got an appointment straight away!

Author: Matthew Brear
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang them up for an emergency appointment because I'd had very bad asthma and alot of pain in my leg (which has pins in for life). The receptionist refused an emergency same day appointment and told me im not an emergency. When I can barely breathe after using my inhaler I find that an emergency and was denied an emergency appointment. The receptionist actually started arguing with me which set my asthma worse. The next day im sent home from hospital with painkillers and crutches. And the hospital was shocked at what happ3ned on the phone to this GP that clearly does not care. Forgot to mention that this GP also refused painkillers for pins in my leg fro. Knee to ankle.

Author: Bette Fairlie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bette Fairlie1 review7 months ago

Author: Josh Blackwell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up at 8 when it opens got in at 8.08 just to be told there was no more appointments left so your telling me all appointments went in 8 mins LIES

Author: Sue Murnin
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
If I could I would give this practice 10 stars. From first contact with the receptionist to the nurses and doctors they are wonderful. Always ready to listen and help this is how doctors should be.

Author: Peter Conway
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've seen 4 different Doctors here and NONE made any progress getting my Inguinal Hernia dealt with

Author: Chris Donny
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Chris Donnya year ago

Author: Dom Scohy
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Update on the 28th of October 2024 to my review: I have an ECG planned somewhere this week. I was supposed to recieve a text message to confirm the appointment. I never recieved it. I try to call them amd no answer. I still have the same problem than 4 years ago. I started a medication giving me very bad side effect. I decided to carry on with the medication and live the side effect for a year. It was horrible and I suffered a lot. We thought the problem was gone and it came back with a revenge. I have been prescribed a new medication that gave me even worse side effect. Then I called 111 desperate they told me to stop the medication. I had a chat with my GP, he suggested to come back to the first medication I took for a year and giving me very bad side effect as well. They don't listen to you, they just don't care about your situation. If you are in pain the doctor just ignore it. I want to raise a complain and change surgery, even if i have to drive further, I had enough. I'm understanding with the NHS because I know they are under a lot pressure and stress but you can't be ignored and have a GP who just doesn't listen to you when you talk about how you feel. AVOID THIS SURGERY BY ANY COST! I registered 2 years ago to that surgery. I never needed an emergency appointment and I always found the receptionist and the doctor I have seen, nice and feel like they actually care. The receptionist I used to talk to have an appointment has that very nice and calming voice and actually care about us. I don't know if they changed recently, but I had a very unpleasant experience. I called on Tuesday because my right ear started to be blocked and I couldn't hear things properly. I'm a professional musician and I explained that over the phone. Maybe I should have said that I was a surgeon and have problem with my hand to be taken seriously... They gave me an appointment on the evening and I told them that I was finishing work and might be a little but late by few minutes and I didn't mind reschedule an emergency appointment the next day for not losing their time. The receptionist told me that it was fine. I showed up with a few minutes delay and had to reschedule... but I have been told that because they are changing their system of booking I had to call the week after as they couldn't make any appointment before that. So I decided to go to a walking centre, I waited 2 hours and had to go back to work. On Thursday, I couldn't hear anything from my right ear and called, I wanted an emergency appointment as my ear seems to get worse and worse. The receptionist didn't really care and told me that I should go to a walking centre. Friday morning I called, saying that my ear is now in pain with any high pitch noises and I suspect an ear infection. She told me to put olive oil drops in my ear for a week. I finally get an appointment tomorrow morning to an other place. I think I should have asked for an emergency appointment and using those words specifically, because I could hear by the receptionist tone that she didn't care about everything I was saying. I'm now seriously considering going to emergency derby hospital. But it would be a real waste of their time. I don't know if the fact that I carry on working makes my ear worse, if it is an ear infection, the drum being pierced? If I lose my hearing I lose my job, the job that allow me to put food in my 4 years old and provide a roof on the top of her head. I want to call back for an emergency appointment and ask to speak to the practice manager for a formal complain. I'm not asking for an emergency appointment for a cold! I know doctors are really busy but feeling that my ability to do my work properly because I need to see a doctor is not their concern makes me wonder if I should stay in that suregery. Maybe when my ear will starts to bleed I will be able to have an emergency appointment.
