Practice: BROOK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C81653
Postcode: DE22 1FT
Google Maps title: Brook Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 49
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brook+Medical+Centre/@52.9324037,-1.4969165,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879f401cd39e1a7:0x3a9cc76be6b14b79!8m2!3d52.9324005!4d-1.4943362!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ts3f4dq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C81653-brook-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Josephine Gadsby
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Sadly despite my earlier review which I have deleted,yesterday my treatment was not as expected. I attended my appointment and was explaining my problems when suddenly The nurse said, '"Stop I only have 10 mins and you have already mentioned 3 " I never knew we could only list a certain amount of problems. Lets face it as we are older we have many more than most. Thinking of looking for a new Doctor as I have never seen a Doctor yet accept a Doctor on Locum service. Its sad because the Reception staff are wonderful but one person to upset me. If I attend again I will take a stop watch with me.

Author: K
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called the GP practice for the first time, as I am registered but have never visited before. The receptionist lady was very kind, sweet and helpful, assisting me with flexible options and managing to fit me in at the walk-in center. I appreciate her accommodating support.

Author: Mlika Amini
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
‏Hi miss ‏The next time the female doctor is in is on Tuesday 18th November. Please ring at 8am for a same day appointment ‏Many thanks, ‏The Brook Medical Centre That what they told us and texted us two weeks ago. We rang them before 8am and after two weeks waiting! After 30 minutes waiting on line, she told all appointments taken, we have not got any left . She was kind of very aggressive and disrespectful. I tried to explain her that is the text the GP text us . Because it’s a bit urgent and we need to see a doctor but unfortunately she didn’t want to help at all … very disappointed

Author: Ian
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best doctors surgery since I was a child. Vernon Street & The Lanes surgery almost killed me, this place is helping me recover. Treated like a human. Phones are answered within seconds outside of the 8am rush. THEY call YOU about things rather than ignoring you when you chase things. It is a breath of fresh air, and I truly believe that moving from Vernon Street to Brook Medical has added years to me life.

Author: Mark Henderson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you're happy being mugged off with anti depressants regardless of what your condition is, go there. If you want a doctor to explain the right to choose pathway and get actual help, register elsewhere. They are plain negligent. They forgot to send prescriptions to chemist or sent wrong dose. Alsorts lost in translation and therefore got prescribed things I shouldn't take in my profession. Avoid at all costs!

Author: Red Stretfordender
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I really don't get the bad reviews, since transferring to this practice 2 years ago I cannot fault them. They've been brilliant to my wife and I. Always polite, respectful and great customer service.

Author: jayson king
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Im not sure if this is specific to brooks medical centre, but trying to book a simple appointment has such a high barrier to entry its ridiculous, you can't simply book online, you need an app, and for the app you need another authenticator app to even get access... you have to click through about 5 options and fill out forms that won't give you access unless you have this authenticator app... your not allowed to just drop by and make an appointment either, so your left having to sit on hold on a phone call.. This is why people just don't bother with the NHS unless your rushed through the door in an emergency room.

Author: Charlie Jacques
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Majority of Receptionists are rude, the doctors too. Felt like i had to educate the doctor about my own gender identity, which is fine, but the way it was handled was not. it was very judgemental and skeptical on the Dr.s end.

Author: My Name
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute disgrace of a practice. Diagnosis of a chronic pain condition and a neurological disorder both diagnosed by professionals in a hospital setting, got told by Dr Devegari that there’s no actual reason for me to be asking for help with these conditions as they are all in my head and I should just forget about them. Also glad that the rude receptionist has gone! **edited to add** Support for Mental Health is non existent here! If you feel suicidal or have any kind of mental illness that needs medicating they will usher you out the door with nothing.

Author: Stephen Chand
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Lauren (practice manager) put the phone down on my elderly mother. My mum wanted to know why she was being asked to leave the practice!! I hope your parents don’t suffer the indignity of this coercive behaviour. Passive aggressive behaviour is not what you expect from a “health practice”
