Practice: JOHNSON MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C82031
Postcode: LE5 1BL
Google Maps title: Johnson Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 32
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Johnson+Medical+Practice/@52.6361646,-1.1161325,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48776114ff69fde9:0x25e3ddfef7a6ae27!8m2!3d52.6361614!4d-1.1135522!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0vrsf1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82031-johnson-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Snake BITE Cade Foster
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
U either get a good day or bad day its Russian roulette who u get

Author: SHANI Mcfadden
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Love this doctors you can always get an appointment whenever it’s needed. Sometimes it’s within the hour.

Author: Ily
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst surgery the receptionist don’t have communication the doctors show attitude when they ring you on the phone and the manager ruqsana she does not care how a patient does be treated she always had a problem don’t know how she got a managers job

Author: nazia amin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice has got no communication skills whatsoever ever. Unprofessional and lack any empathy or care! I have an ongoing issue where i had called requested to be seen by a doctor. Upon making requesting the appointment i was allocated an appointment which i presumed was with a doctor as requested. This fist appointment was on a tuesday. I went and realised it was a nurse which dint surprise me tbh. Anyways as i thought, she didnt know what she was dealing with and tried prescribing me something for no reason which i didnt take ofc. I went back to the receptionist and told them that i di request a doctor an i was given a nurse sorhey told me i have to request an appointment again through their link system which i did. And again i requested that i please see a doctor. The next day (weds) i get a call from asha pharmacy telling me i have been reffered to them to be seen. I declined this as i wanted to see a doctor. I was quite upset at this point and i felt teally unheard. The doctor rang me on monday the week later to ask if my issues wer sorted i said no and that i wanted a doctor and that i was really upset. This doctor (which i dint know his name of) i wish i di ask but i dony- said to me come in at 11am in monday which was literally an hrs notice. I went in thinking yes finally. I get to the reception desk and the receptionist cant find my name on their list? The doctor hasnt even informed them of seeing me. So guess what? I went back home.! The same day i get a call from the reception saying theyre sorry ect an that they have booked me an appointment with a doctor on tuesday which is the next day now- i said ok- baring in mjnd this is a whole week later now!. Anyways tuesday comes and im at the surgery again for the third time in a week. And i get called in. Guess who it was? The same nurse i seen exactly a week ago regarding the same issue. So i walked straight back out and went to the reception and this time i was crying and really upset. Ehat does the receptionist do? Tells me to be quiet and let me look into details..? I mean how can it have got to this?. Another admin lady comes to deal with the situation and forcefully told me to sit and she will get the doctor to see me . I did initially sit down but then got up and left as i was really so upset i couldn’t contain myself. Got a call later bu the same admin women and she said i shouldnt have left because i had got the doctor to “fit me in” after listening to the whole situation from beginning to end all i got was a sorry. Nevrr in my life have i ever been experienced such unprofessionalism!!!!

Author: Brynda Goldsmith
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hamilton practice - Dr Kumar has to be the worst one at the practice. He rushes you and does not have any experience of mental health. He’s not my main doctor but when I go to him in distress he tells me I look okay. Went to get adhd referral and he commented that I don’t look like I would have it after only seeing me once before. He doesn’t read notes and asks what you are there for - even though I was asked to book in. I have stopped going as it’s so hard to see a dr and I always seem to get him. I had zero help from him. In fact he made me feel I was just wasting his time. I had enough and decided to change drs. Very disappointed in their conduct and lack of care, help or understanding. I would not register with them.

Author: Birstall 4
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic drs always there when you need them!

Author: Gulamnabi Mamodsafi
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Rukshana the nurse very helpful , always good and friendly

Author: dhaval mitna
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is not good because nobody help and when I call to book a appointment they don’t book it. Please don’t register here.

Author: R S
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Johnson Medical Practice is an absolute disgrace when it comes to communication and patient care. I have repeatedly called regarding an ongoing prescription query, and every single time I have spoken to a doctor or receptionist, I have received conflicting answers. The lack of consistency and professionalism is shocking—it’s as if they make it up as they go along. They do not make any effort to help their patients in any way, shape, or form. When I tried to book an appointment to get some clarity, they initially told me there was availability within two weeks. However, when I decided to take that appointment, they suddenly changed their story and claimed there were no appointments available at all. It’s beyond frustrating and completely unacceptable. I genuinely have no idea how this practice is still registered with the GMC. The whole operation is an absolute shambles, and it’s clear they are only interested in taking advantage of patients rather than providing any real care. Avoid this place if you actually value your health!

Author: Kate Katie
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Kate Katiea year ago
