Practice: THE CROFT MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C82067
Postcode: LE2 4PE
Google Maps title: The Croft Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 164
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Croft+Medical+Centre/@52.594176,-1.0728929,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48776416f8da89a1:0x46c053ffe45891cc!8m2!3d52.5941728!4d-1.0703126!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdmdd4n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82067-the-croft-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Susan Coleman
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
No long wait. Was seen in good time

Author: Muhammad Ajij
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
5 stars for ONLY nurse Farzana. Always friendly and bubbly, shes done all my kids immunisations and turned an intrusive environment into a happy, positive and safe one for patients

Author: Lee Clements
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a appointment this morning with the nurse to take blood's,the lady was very good and but me at ease,didn't feel needle go in,I had a concern over a problem,she got the information for me, also my appointment was on time I had a very good experience

Author: Rafiya
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We saw Dr Hardman for our young person who has communication difficulties, ASD, ADHD. Despite the challenge to assess -She was exceptionally patient, caring, pragmatic and efficient in her approach. Thank you . Need more services like this.

Author: Mila pereira
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had unscheduled bleeding whilst on HRT meds. Dr Hardman put through an urgent scan via the medical community and I received a call that same afternoon to schedule an early appointment. Can’t thank the Doctors at Croft for the care and support over the last few months.

Author: Eleanor Patrick
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible reception staff. I mean awful. They are uncaring and have no empathy or understanding what so ever. Have been harassed by them multiple times and spoke to like I was nothing. Just changed doctors to a practice in Braunstone and the difference is like night and day! So happy I no longer have to attend the Croft medical as was stuck here for over a decade. The doctors themselves are fine - just really nasty reception who won’t try and help or listen at all and are extremely negative as soon as they answer the phone.

Author: Fiona Yu
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My elderly mother attended after hitting her head and bleeding. No first aid, no clinical check, and no immediate assistance were provided. The receptionist was dismissive, uncompassionate and unhelpful. This represents a significant patient safety risk, particularly for vulnerable patients, and is wholly unacceptable for a GP surgery.

Author: Leonie Lebens
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am Leonie Lebens’s husband David and have recently attended the Croft medical centre with a concern about discomfort when swallowing. I was seen promptly by Dr. Hardman who was kind, caring and efficient. She correctly diagnosed the problem and referred me for an endoscopy which was carried out within 10 days. She also prescribed tablets which have controlled the condition. A follow up appointment by phone was arranged and the Doctor phoned at the agreed time. From beginning to end of this episode everyone at the practice treated me with courtesy and respect. I have been a patient at this practice for many years and they have never failed to impress me and I have no hesitation in recommending them to anyone

Author: Chris Simo
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really helpful consultation with Dr Hardman going above and beyond . Many thanks

Author: Alex Buccheri
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient of Croft Medical for many years, during the periods I've lived in Oadby. I'll be the first to admit that the surgery's quality dropped massively during the pandemic. However, they've taken many steps to rectify this, and as of 2025, I think things are looking markedly better. More online appointments are offered, the reception team has increased its professionalism and politeness, and I do not struggle to get a same-day appointment using the online system. I almost always receive a call within the stated time window, and if I miss it, the GP will always attempt to call again later. If I need a blood test, they're normally able to accommodate same-day or next-day. The GPs I typically see (Makda and Varakantam) are attentive, with a high quality of care, and I always feel like my concerns are taken seriously. My only remaining criticism is that Croft doesn't offer a mix of phone call triage and in-person appointments for non-emergencies , but this unfortunately seems to be a national issue. I've recently moved to Hertfordshire and have had to change practices, but I would thoroughly recommend Croft to residents of Oadby.
