Practice: THE GLENFIELD SURGERY
Canonical code: C82056
Postcode: LE3 8GS
Google Maps title: Glenfield Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 118
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Glenfield+Surgery/@52.6560317,-1.1983158,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48775fd2c3517b9d:0x601c78bff09ec07a!8m2!3d52.6560285!4d-1.1957355!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jky0fm5h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82056-the-glenfield-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sabina Litwinska
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Since the new ‘Emma AI assistant’ things got worse. It used to be possible to get a phone appointment within 7 days while it’s 14+ now . How is that making patients care better???? Receptionist not helpful at all. All she did was in a kind voice saying: ‘sorry, we don’t’ (and a smile) ‘sorry, I don’t know’. Awful

Author: Jenny Blythe
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Ive been at this practice for over 30 years. Normally the reception staff are friendly. Today, the receptionist was rude. Try and rearrange an appointment she said i cant do that, ill send you a link yo mobile phone. Waste of time! For the first time in years, I feel like leaving the practice going somewhere else! I dont like how you speak a virtual Emma on the telephone to make an appointment! Has for making an appointment via text message! Ridiculous!

Author: James Vasey
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely ridiculous AI receptionist making patients who are already worried about health concerns and needing help become more stressed just trying to make an appointment. BRING BACK REAL PEOPLE

Author: Liz Shield
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very professional excellent patient care friendly doctors that listen to patient especially dr jay Patel such a nice bloke

Author: TRuthven
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My elderly mum contacted the practice on two consecutive days by telephone and encountered the AI assistant. She confirmed her landline was her preferred communication method for a callback, no callback was received. I contacted the practice on my Mum's behalf and spoke to a member of the reception team. It became clear that a text had been sent to my Mum's mobile phone for her to book an appointment. (1) My mum's mobile isn't a smart phone and therefore doesn't have the capability to book appointments. (2) This is not my Mum's preferred communication method. At no time has the practice identified with my Mum whether her mobile phone has the capability to book appointments. This appears to be a major system error for the practice to address immediately. I believe if I had not intervened my Mum would have been at serious risk of harm through the lack of care and poor administrative procedures employed at the surgery. Not everybody has or wants a smartphone. The AI receptionist will sadly fail patients and is making care more unsafe. We did finally get an appointment which is the only positive news that I can share about the surgery.

Author: Luke Hawkins
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Been unable to get an appointment for weeks now due to there terrible phone system

Author: Balint Gulyas
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an ultrasound appointment at this Surgery. Read all the negative comments before came and I was already nervous about it! BUT I didn't not experience this smooth operation in any other place. Arrived before my appointment, and I been called perfectly in time! The examination went easily and very smoothly! Got all the necessary information and left just in 20min. The Ultrasound business should have own Business unit here on the maps to not combine them with the normal surgery.

Author: Rob
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Your AI receptionist is dreadful absolutely shocking

Author: Sarah B
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have dealt with Dr Trayner during 2 phone appointments reviewing my medication. He speaks in a professional, pleasent and compassionate way. He went above and beyond by checking if he could message a psychiatrist to approve a medication for my illness, so I could avoid the long queue for a referral. It was not possible but I really valued that he tried.

Author: Mayur Kalyani
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mayur KalyaniLocal Guide · 33 reviews · 19 photos2 months ago
