Practice: BARROW HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: C82062
Postcode: LE12 8PY
Google Maps title: Barrow Health Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barrow+Health+Centre/@52.7519609,-1.1529667,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879de5a6da4944f:0x4001c6b5b22af7dd!8m2!3d52.7519577!4d-1.1503864!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tnmr7gw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82062-barrow-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Andre Wickham
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are absolutely awful they don't want to help you! The reception was lovely but shame about the doctors they are to lazy to understand what you need id recommended go somewhere else then here!

Author: zoe richardson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Seen nurse at 10am was told prescription would be sent to the pharmacy! Over 4 hours later it’s still not arrived, rang the doctors again to be told it would be signed off by the doctors before 6pm pharmacy closes at 5pm. What has happened to getting your medication straight away either with a paper prescription or it being sent electronically straight away. The new system is ridiculous, it like they are saying the nurses or prescribing paramedics aren’t good enough and their work needs to be checked. Surly if you need medication you need it as soon as possible not hours later or even the next day.

Author: Lynne Waters
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Told to call 111 then get directed back to the surgery, who can't make the appointments and advised again to call 111, useless. Talk about going round in circles. Went to the pharmasist who had time.......................suggested we go to the surgery!! Luckily there was a lovely lady there that helped and matters were sorted, after much distress. The lady that dealt with us was top class, 5 stars for her

Author: Paula Shipley
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Used to be really good, I always used to boast about it to others , not so just lately they’ve changed their appointment system which for me personally is not very good , also the GPs don’t seem to as approachable which makes me reluctant to contact the surgery because I just think they will pass the buck as they have done before .

Author: Charlie Zeven
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Whoever issues prescriptions should be sacked or very closely monitored. They tripled the dosage of one of my heart meds. The worst of this is I ticked the correct dosage on the repeat which was obviously ignored. The pharmacist rang me 2.30 on Friday & apologised but I don't find this acceptable as the consequences could have been serious. I don't understand why they have to send repeats straight to a pharmacy so no one knows what they are actually prescribed until you pick it up which can be too late

Author: Grzegorz Polak
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
the worst clinic consultation by phone and not with a doctor but with a nurse instead of medicines that are supposed to cure I got painkillers no appointment with a doctor people at the reception desk incompetent lack of professionalism I do not recommend

Author: Dick Allen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned at 8.45 and waited 1hour 47minutes to be told the earliest appointment was a week later. Very nice receptionist told me to ring 111 as ' we are not an emergency service'. NOT the attitude I expect from my local GP. 111 got me a phone consultation at MY doctor for the NEXT day!!!

Author: DG Legal
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Update for March 2025: Fay Chambers is amazing - 5 seconds to do a blood test. Earlier review: This is generally a very good surgery. Dr Vrajesh Patel is exceptionally helpful and an asset to the team. Nurse Naylor is very good too.

Author: Chris Elphick
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
They don’t listen! - They promise and don’t deliver… I requested pain killers and dressings after a knee replacement (last week) first thing on Monday morning. I was promised them by Tuesday at the latest. The prescription is still waiting to be signed by the doctor late Wednesday afternoon… Dreadful service.

Author: Rob Lowe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service again, easy / fast call back option. Paramedic very pleasant / professional / caring and confident on the phone. Thanks / appreciated 👏 👍 …
