Practice: STURDEE ROAD HEALTH AND WELLBEING CENTRE
Canonical code: C82019
Postcode: LE2 9DB
Google Maps title: Dr G Singh
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 91
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+G+Singh/@52.5906146,-1.1477159,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877672326a16253:0x5402bf7890b2783e!8m2!3d52.5906114!4d-1.1451356!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vysw0zg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82019-sturdee-road-health-and-wellbeing-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sabrina Saini
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctor Singh, if anyone has problems, why don't you help with blood tests or almost never show us what we found in the blood test? If anyone needs help, why do you always do it like this? A doctor who never has time and is always busy, you have to listen. Secondly, why don't you make an appointment right away, even if you speak Punjabi?

Author: Massey M
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
1 star is too high for this joke of a place. Staff that answer the phones are rude and up there own back sides talk to you like dirt. More chance of finding madline mcanne than getting a appointment and if they do bother to ring you back as much use as sun lotion to a escimo may aswell knock the place down and put something useful there as no one is allowed in

Author: Jo Newbie
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you value your life, avoid at all costs!! Dr Singh who does not have any patient care and compassion and treats you or rather doesn’t treat! As a number then you have his wife a receptionist who thinks she’s a qualified Dr! Absolutely disgusting place and I will be lodging formal complaints! 6 weeks ago my elderly husband went to drs and he has to feel very poorly to go! He has been almost bed bound for 4 months and dr arranged bloods despite being given a lengthy explanation of health struggles. It took FOUR weeks for them to bother to call him and say his results have anomalies and book in with Dr singh in new year! He has needed help for a long time! He attended this week it took my husband nearly two hours to get in and out to his car because he is so poorly! More bloods then a call yesterday to say can you go for X-ray, the man can barely get out of bed! Has lost several stones in weight! He then said if he couldn’t get to hospital for walk in xray he would admit him. My husband could not get so rang dr singh. Wasn’t able to speak to Dr and wannabe Suki just said call own ambulance! Absolutely disgusting and had meant myself spending Four Hours battling with ambulance service! Doing the job the dr should of!!!! Absolutely disgusting place and just leave patients to literally die!

Author: Anonymous Anonymous
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors ever dr Singh will not even see you how do you diagnose over the phone or he sends you to the porter cabin pharmacy or says go to AnE which is wasting nhs and my time when he could easily deal with it what is the purpose of him being a doctor when he does nothing says everything is viral my 2 year old was very poorly he told me was viral but he was getting worse over the days kept ringing up he sent me porter cabin but as a parent I knew something was wrong so I went to AnE to be told it was pneumonia got given antibiotics and he got better something my own doctor should of done. He just neglects his patients I even had suki ring me up one day she asked me to put a good review about the doctors but I dont see no good stop using covid as an excuse dr Singh cares more about his land than his care for his patients if I could give 0 stars I would.

Author: Wendy Hill (Woo woo)
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wendy Hill (Woo woo)4 reviews3 months ago

Author: Rianne
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We have now moved surgeries. I have called numerous times and the lack of help, communication and care was honestly shocking. There are plenty of other Drs surgeries in the area willing to help and offer same day appointments face to face or telephone with specific times and clear communication. I’d recommend moving if you find this drs a complete waste of time.

Author: Loren Grant
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Whoever books in appointments is very rude. Talks over you when you’re trying to describe the problem and doesn’t listen to what you have to say. I tried to explain my problem and that I need a face to face appointment but they talk over you and say no you have to speak to the GP on the phone. I stood my ground and luckily was offered a F2F appointment. I just feel disregarded every time I ring them to speak about a problem and not heard or listened to. It’s horrific how you are treated sometimes.

Author: Maria Ivan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The GP experience today was shocking. The doctor asked me to send a picture to treat my 5-year-old child, even though I explained that the prescribed treatment from the pharmacist has not worked after 7 days. Despite this, he told me to simply continue with it. I also explained that NHS 111 had specifically advised me to contact the GP because my daughter needs to be physically examined by a doctor. His response was that “111 advisers cannot dictate to him what he needs to do.” This is unbelievable. My child has been unwell for a week, and yet the GP refuses to carry out a proper examination. How can a doctor treat a child properly based only on a photo? If this is the standard of care, then anyone could pretend to be a doctor. My daughter deserves to be seen in person and assessed properly.

Author: shonith george kolerathu
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless and hopeless in general.

Author: javeria chaudhry
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
very rude doctors. very argumentative. never sees you, always telephone appointment, and starts arguing very loud on the phone. this place gives me so much anxiety. the receptionist is always doing 200 mph, never has time to talk to you, but if you wait by the reception window, she will stare aimlessly into her computer screen for all eternity. Don't bother registering with this surgery if you have option for another one
