Practice: CASTLE DONINGTON SURGERY
Canonical code: C82007
Postcode: DE74 2LB
Google Maps title: Castle Donington Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 61
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Castle+Donington+Surgery/@52.8427824,-1.3403004,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879e5a25487d6cb:0x1086c6b6c46e46c1!8m2!3d52.8427792!4d-1.3377201!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0x3dyy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82007-castle-donington-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Granny Witch
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My son badly needs an appointment. He downloaded the app and requested an appointment on there days ago but no one has bothered to get back to him. He then tried to call at the usual rate-race time this morning only to be told "emergency appointments only." Surely emergencies would go to the walk-in or to the hospital? Why does your "practice" make it so difficult just to get an appointment? Why are you not seeing patients? All of you should be ashamed at how you run your practice. Shame on all of you for not providing a decent level of care to your community - your wage payers. Why are you not seeing that the way you operate is putting people's lives at risk. I hope you go to bed every night worrying about the real dangers you are putting your patients in. Shame on all of you!

Author: George Proudman
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Suffer from really bad depression and Emotionally Unstable Disorder. To ring the surgery to

Author: Eva Whiteside
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently joined the surgery. Since joining I’ve had nothing but 10/10 experiences, lovely receptionists, have seen a lovely GP last week, today seen the phlebotomist Natalie who was so fab!!. I was only sat for a few seconds and brought in early. In and out the door within 5 minutes 👏🏼

Author: Lisa CLARKE
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang in 3 time to get an appointment and everytime they tell me there no available appointment and try to ship me off to a different location

Author: Person Mcperson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP practice I have been to over 40 years! All NHS appointment systems are lengthy but despite a short wait on the telephone, I have always managed to get an appointment - I joined practice before moving here - they got me sorted out quickly with many referrals and tests - now I know how to deal with my many health complications - everyone is empathetic and listen when you actually tell them what’s wrong - they do not rush you either and are very good at ensuring my best health outcomes are met! I have a better quality of life because of their ongoing care and support - thank you

Author: Greg Garton
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had to go to the Surgery this morning and after a short wait was called in to see the nurse (Sarah Dakin) who was brilliant. She was kind, friendly and extremely efficient. She removed stitches from my head as I'd recently come out of hospital having had a brain operation after suffering a bleed on my brain. She was informative and very helpful and it was a privilege to be treated by her.

Author: cjam Proudman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting service when you are in so much pain and advised to go to a walk in centre when you ring at 8.15am and can't drive!

Author: Helen Keeling
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the staff are friendly, helpful and professional. Never have to wait too long for an appointment.

Author: Susan Healey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying to get a appointment for my mum after last 2 phone calls she made she was told no appointments left , then the 2nd time the doctor had gone sick, 3rd time 2 doctors not turned in and still couldn't see anyone. I also had no luck getting her in as I was quite concerned, my mums 80 years old and this is quite a serious matter, just can't get past those receptionist.

Author: Elaine Taylor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called the surgery yesterday at 8:15 to get a appointment. I was 28 in the queue but I was very surprised how quickly it took for me to get to the front. The reception staff was very polite. I was given a appointment at 3:40. The doctor I saw was brilliant and did checks and confirmed I had a chest infection. I was issued antibiotics. When I came out I felt that the service was first classed from making the appointment to the treatment I was given
