Practice: SOUTH WIGSTON HEALTH CTR.
Canonical code: C82079
Postcode: LE18 4SE
Google Maps title: South Wigston Health Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 128
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/South+Wigston+Health+Centre/@52.5804149,-1.1323019,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487766e348676c67:0x1566a0796098472d!8m2!3d52.5804117!4d-1.1297216!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgz9vzf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82079-south-wigston-health-ctr.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Colt Goodman
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Consider this ZERO STARS. To not repeat what's already said in abundance on every other review. This is meant to be a "Health Care" facility. It is neither Healthy or Caring, so what is its purpose? It seems to only exist so that people can be employed. As for doing their job, their staff are really good at sticking to their system. Shame their system is not in alignment with the profession.

Author: Aiho Okhade
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing staff

Author: Natalie Xx
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
TWICE now I’ve used the self service screen to log my attendance and it told me which room i will be seen in and then ive waited a long time then I’ve had a text saying I’ve missed my appointment for non attendance!! Won’t be using the screen again

Author: Owain
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I spoke to a doctor who said they were sending me for treatment. I heard nothing, so I contacted the surgery. I was told nothing was actioned so I would have to speak to a doctor again. The place is a joke!

Author: Gemma Hunt
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors is an absolute joke rude staff and not willing to help the only lady that did was Jenny so lovely, trying to get a face to face appointment is impossible not knowing when you have a day off till Friday evening and obviously can’t pre book appointments either when you’re meat to have a 4 week course of tablets and only get two then telling me we can give you another two weeks if needed then they don’t as she was a paramedic nurse she was so nice but she has to get the doctors consent to prescribe tablets they need to sort themselves out they are not caring at all

Author: Krystal Hathaway
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting behaviour from doctors. Brought my granddaughter (autistic) and was absolutely ridiculed because she spoke 'too slowly'. I've seen other reviews about their disreguard for neurodivergent people and I think its terrible. If you can't work with people, don't be a doctor.

Author: Summer-Leigh
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are absolutely horrible, do not listen and brush off every concern you have. I have a heart condition and when I tried to talk to the doctor about the condition worsening and what to do, she told me I was wasting an appointment time and I should give it up to someone who needs it, like me collapsing several times isn't an issue? Absolute joke, plus it took weeks to actually be seen. Horrible.

Author: keith vose
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Having recently tried to order my prescription only to be told I need to Review unfortunately I’ve been unable to get a review a month ago. I was told what to do did it and still not on the review haven’t been with this surgery for 40 years. I’m disgusted with it. I’m looking into moving now.

Author: kerry blackburn
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always found this surgery. Very helpful when I contact them via the online system. Nine times out of 10. I always get a call back one of the doctors rings me as I am being monitored on certain medications, I have always found them pleasant and caring although I find the female doctors to be better than the males. That is not a sexist. Comment It has just been my experience. Overall I find the practise very good

Author: blueNeko 8000Lightning
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Place is bleady useless! Made me suffer over and over with something for 4 and a half years and keep shoving me off I still haven't got a diagnosis. They tell you your too young for everything or lie to your face saying you have a phone call then dont phone. A lot of the staff are useless and unhelpful some even rude I hope its re-taken over or shut down no one should have ti suffer like this. My dad nearly died of heart failure because they shoved him off for months now he has a damn pacemaker! The odd few are nice but at this point it's not worth it even for those few.
