Practice: GROBY SURGERY
Canonical code: C82628
Postcode: LE6 0GL
Google Maps title: Groby Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Groby+Surgery/@52.6618206,-1.2282767,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48775fafd4960111:0xc9e711add2ae818a!8m2!3d52.6618174!4d-1.2256964!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3zqmr1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82628-groby-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Susan Newbold
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Susan NewboldLocal Guide · 5 reviews2 weeks ago New

Author: Temitope Adelanwa
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service. Was calling to make an enquiry and the lady on the phone was so rude, didn’t even give me a chance to speak. Please do better. People should be allowed to ask questions.

Author: Nay Nay
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nay Nay2 months ago

Author: Melvyn Stirk
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Couldn’t get a Flu jab
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Melvin Stirk Thank you your review/comment. The Groby Surgery is still administering flu vaccinations for our patients and so we were surprised at your comment. We have checked our patient records and cannot see that you are registered as a patient with us. If you are a patient and would still like a flu vaccination, please do get in touch and we shall book you in. The Groby Surgery

Author: Colin Mullins
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've read quite a few negative reviews about Groby Surgery. I've had a phone consultation, a visit to the doctors all within a 2 hour time frame. The receptionist was friendly and very helpful. The doctor was the same. The service received was absolutely brilliant. Please don't knock your local doctors. If you have a issue visit and explain.
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Collin Mullins Thank you for your positive comments. It always gives the Practice Team great pleasure to hear that they are appreciated. Your comments have been passed on to them. Thank you! The Groby surgery

Author: Virk
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The steroid injection booking process at this surgery is an utter shambles. The surgery sends out bulk text messages to a large list of patients, turning it into a complete lottery as to who clicks the link first. Even if you’re supposedly at the top of the referral list, as my mum is, you won’t get an appointment unless you happen to click immediately. I called the surgery to query this and to see if anything could be done, given that my mum was told she was high priority for the injection. I was met with one of the most unhelpful and frankly rude receptionists I’ve ever spoken to. She was unwilling to even hear me out before trying to end the call. There was no empathy whatsoever - when I asked if it might be possible to book through another surgery or the hospital instead, her response was simply: “Well, she can move doctors if she wants.” It’s disappointing and disheartening to see such a lack of care and basic courtesy from someone working in a patient-facing role. If this person dislikes their job as much as she seemed to, perhaps it’s time to let someone with more compassion take over, rather than make patients and their families endure this level of indifference. I will be making a formal complaint to NHS England about this surgery - and frankly, they have the person manning their reception to thank for it.
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Virk. Thank you for your feedback. The surgery takes patient's feedback very seriously. Following our brief discussion, we have attempted to contact you on several occasions to discuss this further but have unfortunately been unable to reach you. We are sorry for any inconvenience you have experienced and would be grateful if you could contact the surgery, at your convenience, so that we can discuss your concerns further, and work towards resolving the matter. The Groby Surgery

Author: Lola Sessions
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful communication. Only good staff is Dr Chotai and Danielle . The rest of the staff are very rude, do not care about your wellbeing or health!! Wouldn’t recommend this doctors surgery
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Lola Sessions Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback. We welcome constructive feedback as we constantly strive to improve our services and patient experience, so we will be addressing the issues raised with our team The Groby Surgery

Author: Meenu Kaul
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Really bad receptionist 4th in queue for over 20 minutes and this is not the first time I waiting for like over 30 minutes before. They are not picking up the phone. In the end I put down the phone because I am fed up with them.

Author: Stephen F Myler (Dr Stephen)
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Nice friendly surgery, pleasant helpful doctors. Easy appointments. Only complaint wish they would turn the music off in reception as its like having a competition to speak to the receptionist.

Author: Baz Frano
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Really bad receptionist 4th in queue for over 10 minutes and this is not the first time I waiting for like over 20 minutes before. They just are not picking up the phone. In the end I put down the phone because I am fed up with them. You asked to see the doctor you get a doctor assistant and they do not even tell you they are assistaning the doctors. They text me to make appointment to see a doctor over the phone but know one phones me back then I get a text the next next day saying I have missed appointment. I put in for my meds and one was missing then I phone them back then they tell me it's human error but being funny with me at the same time - it's a real bad GB surgery and they need to get a lot better.
