Practice: SPIRIT PRIMARY CARE LTD-BEAUMONT LEYS
Canonical code: C82624
Postcode: LE4 0UZ
Google Maps title: Beaumont Leys Health Centre
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 122
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Beaumont+Leys+Health+Centre/@52.6623121,-1.2301587,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sSPIRIT+PRIMARY+CARE+LTD-BEAUMONT+LEYS+LE4+0UZ!3m8!1s0x4877605b07b8fbc9:0x2795eeea96b4eb66!8m2!3d52.6623121!4d-1.153941!9m1!1b1!15sCi1TUElSSVQgUFJJTUFSWSBDQVJFIExURC1CRUFVTU9OVCBMRVlTIExFNCAwVVpaLyItc3Bpcml0IHByaW1hcnkgY2FyZSBsdGQgYmVhdW1vbnQgbGV5cyBsZTQgMHV6kgEVcHVibGljX21lZGljYWxfY2VudGVymgEkQ2hkRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVVF5TW1adFZtaG5SUkFC4AEA-gEFCLMBEEA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4vn5ls?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C82624-spirit-primary-care-ltd-beaumont-leys.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dani Atanacković
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Not had a great experience with them in general. Usually takes around half an hour to get through to them on the phone. When you have an appointment, it's usually at least 20 minutes late even though the surgery is empty, and then I feel rushed to get out as quickly as possible. When you fill in the online form, they often respond with a negative reply with no way to respond without starting a new form. I had a blood test which required 4 tubes of blood to be taken, the phlebotomist got confused and only took one tube, then when I called they tried to say they had taken 4 when only one test was showing on the app. I had to go back two days later for more blood to be taken. Made a complaint to the practice managers and never received a reply. I had 1 random missed call to book an asthma test when I wasn't expecting it, called and they put a form in and said someone would get back to me by Thursday at 6.30pm, put a form through on Tuesday because no one had contacted me and they immediately said this isn't the correct route, call the surgery! I just asked the pharmacy if I could collect part of a prescription that I hadn't collected and they said to call the surgery and they could send a new prescription over because it has expired, called them and they said I have to write a letter and take it into them because they can't do it by phone and there's no option to do it online. Edited 17th March: Had an appointment booked before Christmas for a spirometry test, which they cancelled. Still waiting for a new appointment mid-March despite them saying I'm top of the list!

Author: Liaqat Qalandari
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is a joke nearly two month chasing them for a blood test results, every time deferent excuses, today told the result was on deferent system they couldn't find it, that's when start a complain.

Author: colleen northern
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Not a very good health centre ring for appointment they don't back till the end of the day .Then send you a message saying no more appointments for the day,tell me to get in touch with 111 which I did on line, 111 tell me together in touch with gp surgery NOW I am 74 years old no transport and they want me to go to a walking centre miles away what a joke.

Author: Nata roni
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've always found this practice reliable. My mum rang them today as we were worried she had pneumonia again. Straight away they made an appointment for her (what with it being potentially life threatening) on that day and she got her antibiotics straight away. Thank you to all involved.

Author: Shane Guns
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
GP surgery is joke. Appointment system is debility trying to get through on the phone is beyond a joke. Was number 1 in a que for 40 minutes so walked to the surgery and confronted reception phone was ringing but ignoring the phone but I’m still number 1 in the Que. the reception staff with long brown hair I could smell the alcohol coming from her breath like she had just drank a whole bottle before coming to work. So no doubt she’s drove to work whilst under the influence of alcohol and working with a nhs setting under the influence. Disgrace. They need proper staff running that reception. Something needs to change management need to get off their high horse and sort it out.

Author: Jessica Nigel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgrace of a surgery. Struggle to get appointments management speak to staff members like crap heard it sitting from reception waiting for my app. Both managers sit in there messing around in reception acting like children. Not a good example they are setting to staff members. Heard the male manager arguing with Paitents telling them to register else where and threatening to kick them off the surgery. Staff members are rude also no phone etiquette don’t know how to be polite on the phone can hear them chomping away on food. This surgery needs new management and to be managed properly.

Author: Cassandra Burne
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lazy they don't want to see people when they need a doctor there answer is to send you down to the walk in centre. No wonder the hospital are put under pressure because GP have become lazy. You should be ashamed of yourselves

Author: Leeanne Robinson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would strongly advice people not to come to this doctors, no complaints about the doctors I have seen whilst coming, but the reception area, I have done 9 stool samples that keep coming back need retesting, or it’s not even been tested, then to be told they been giving me the wrong test, they needed to give me the fit test, so done that to be told they ain’t no results who did you give the sample to, some one on reception, so had to do another one, then to be told to speak to the gp, I’ll get you an appointment, then I don’t get a appointment so I ring up to find out where my appointment is and she sed you don’t have one u have to do a e consult form, but yesterday you sed you was putting it through, to then be told by some one else it is abnormal but no further testing needs doing, but still no answer to why I’m pooing blood

Author: Kel Lou
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Getting an appointment is too difficult. When you do manage to get 1 by some miracle. I don't ever get an issues resolved. I don't hear back from anyone about results or future appointments. This surgery has gone down hill fast over the past 20 years, just such a shame. Used to be much better

Author: Farha Omargee
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
AVOID AT ALL COSTS I called up at my 3 year old was very poorly for about 5 days, high fever, earache - was advised to contact pharmacy by the surgery - which i did. 2 different pharmacies. Was given some ear drops which after a further 2 days weren't helping. I tried for another appointment via 111. Dr prescribed antibiotics for a problem that didnt exist. On day 10 of fever, earaches and sleepless nights, I managed to get an appointment for my daughter. Upon arrival at the surgery I attempted to sign using the screen. Which wasnt working for me. I patiently waited for the one receptionist to finish her phone call - miss phoebe - which took ages. I explained the screen wasnt allowing me to sign in. To which she replied 'because youre 10 minutes late' I advised I'd been waiting for her to get off the phone and the phone call appeared to be long to which she responded '*scoff* well I need to answer the phone' I expressed my concern for my daughters health as she said the doctor may not see her due to me being late 🙃 She did not leave the reception. She spoke to someone within the reception area who I heard say 'hes not going to see her now is he' She came back to tell me my 3 year old will not be seen. As a concerned mother in desperate need of a solution I pleaded for a few minutes with the GP She continued to refuse - book another appointment she says. I asked for her manage She said FINE *scoff* Manager comes out. Low and behold. Further disrespect. She basically told me its not their problem Told me I was shouting when I certainly was not. In the end I left and called 111 who said the GP should be seeing you and an urgent request has been sent to them. I call the surgery. Its phoebe again. I explain the conversation with 111 and she refuses to listen. Speaks over me. 4 times I repeated the same thing knowing full well she had no interest in helping. Just heaps of ego to offload. When she realised she made a mistake She said Do you know I'm the one you shouted at earlier. Honestly. I was speechless. My concern was my daughters health. Phoebe's was, well, her pride and ego. Disgusting behaviour. I emailed the surgery asking for their complaints process the same day. 4 months later still no response. I sought advice from the official complaints routes. I will be taking the to higher authorities. Never had an issue until April. Very rude and disrespectful members of staff I had an unfortunate encounter with. The other receptionists are always so kind and caring. EDIT - surname of member of staff removed as was called by the surgery advising we are unable to include full names. Wasnt aware. Sorry
