Practice: PARKSIDE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C83010
Postcode: PE21 6PF
Google Maps title: Parkside Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 183
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Parkside+Surgery/@52.9815568,-0.0245374,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48780a6ad64b889f:0x4e8fcd3b47d5ce44!8m2!3d52.9815536!4d-0.0219571!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1wx7yk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83010-parkside-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ray McNicol-Brown
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Place is fine until the car park...its so small and im disabled with nowhere to park at 8am.. Always the same.. Needs to be looked at for all people attending... Pity as staff were great but that stress was enough for me to never want to return there

Author: James
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They have misinterpreted the Hippocratic Oath as First Do Nothing. Have been anaemic for 6 years, the blood tests were right there in front of them and viewed undoubtedly with overwhelming apathy and incompetence. Every year I have to explain thyroid test results to them and I worked in the building trade. Only ever encountered one competent doctor at this practice, and most of the nurses seem good at their job, although to register my BMI they should take my height as well as weight.

Author: Bodhi Sattva (Bodhi)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Used the surgical unit here to have fluid drained from a finger joint. I expected a doctor's surgery type environment...which I presume are in the same building. In complete contrast the surgical unit is exactly what you would expect in a major hospital, but in miniature. Went in, the front door/reception, 10 minutes before my appointment time. I kid you not, this was the typical wait at any doctor's reception. Wasn't long at all but got me closer to my appointment time that I would have liked. Nothing to do with the staff, they were great and efficient, just the fact there were people with more complex needs before me. Fro registering I was there and walking to the unit I needed was not any amount of time worth mentioning. But before I got my bum in a seat the surgical team called me through. From there into a consultation room for a chat about my lumpy finger joint. Within ten minutes they explained what they thought was the issue and how they would like to do with regards treatment. Now this for me is where it gets interesting. Walked out of the cunsult into a hospital like pre surgery prep. The full nine yards. Scrubs, feet covers, iodine meticulously applied. Splash guard put over me and the team looked like they were prepped for an ER. Numbed with the usual....sliced and diced, cleaned wrapped and out with aftercare advice. Total time from getting out of the car, to getting back in the car.....I kid you not....twenty minutes. Absolutely amazing team work. Great, direct, communication. They explained what it was, what was going to happen and aftercare in a manner I found comfortable and yet precise and very professional. 5 stars doesn't seem enough. And the incision scaring....is so small and neat. I've had grazes bigger.

Author: Kevin Perry
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
A shameful disgraceful practice where elderly folks in their 80s having to wait to midnight to login to get an appointment when the slots are released. A disgraceful act. When they are seen, the 'care' received is substandard. Sort your practice out.

Author: AbduRahman Tella
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
AbduRahman Tella1 photo3 months ago

Author: Danielle Ballam
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I honestly can't thank the staff enough for being so understanding with the medical issues i have with my child and making sure he is seen and my voice is heard. Would like to thank Sophie on the reception front desk for being so caring and understanding why my son was needed to been see ASAP. She went above and beyond. You are a credit to the surgery. Thank you

Author: Hannah Melton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always found both reception staff, nurses and Dr’s to be really friendly and helpful.

Author: Antoaneta Toncheva
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Antoaneta TonchevaLocal Guide · 2 reviews · 4 photos5 months ago

Author: Heidi Lomax
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I travelled from Skegness to have an injection in my foot. Staff were very friendly and helpful. They did a great job. Well recommended

Author: Bruce Griffiths
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The NHS is under pressure these days as we know but I've found Parkside to be great with me during difficult times, helpful pleasant staff so a big thank you.
