Practice: THE GLEBE PRACTICE
Canonical code: C83038
Postcode: LN1 2NU
Google Maps title: The Glebe Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 53
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Glebe+Practice/@53.2719796,-0.6743642,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48785111c44e7877:0x8694267463423a61!8m2!3d53.2719764!4d-0.6717839!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ts2zsp2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83038-the-glebe-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Natsuki
Date: 9 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
What is going on with this surgery?! Seriously need a visit from CQC, I rang this morning to ask a simple question and I got this bot who hasn't a clue what's what, 6 minutes it took me to get through for reception staff to not even bother answering the call... I've witnessed staff standing chatting to people they know whilst people are queuing plus phone ringing..something serious is going to happen soon..its disgusting! Changing surgeries now and putting a complaint in to CQC. It's uncaring and un safe !

Author: Stephen Mackley
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
They do not take appointment bookings over the phone and instead require patients to use a system called Total Triage on their website. However, the website is cluttered, confusing, and lacks intuitive navigation. I spent around 15 minutes trying to find the booking system, as it is not clearly labelled. Rather than simply calling it “Book an appointment”, it is listed as “Total Triage”, which makes it unnecessarily difficult to locate. On every occasion I have tried to use it, the system has been unavailable, meaning I have had to call the receptionist anyway. This then involves waiting on the phone for a long time before getting through. My longest wait was 45 minutes. Additional note: I have just received a text message. "We have reached safe working limits today, so are no longer able to safely assess your request or able to offer you an appointment at this moment. If you feel you are unable to wait until appointments become available tomorrow morning, please attend a local Urgent Treatment Centre."

Author: Diane Giacomelli
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered with the Glebe practice for 4 years . I have had exceptional service. The reception team are always extremely helpful and knowledgeable, I’ve sadly witnessed patients becoming stressed and being rude to the front of house team and they have dealt with it professionally and with empathy. They are a friendly face and voice on the phone, understandably there are those who become frustrated at the time it takes for the phone calls to be dealt with but with the high levels of need they are doing their utmost to assist and prioritise appointments. The dispensary team, nurses and GP’s are also exceptional. Where necessary I have been referred to hospital, specialists and other health care providers. I have always been given follow up appointments and had notifications and calls for bloods and inoculations. This has been my experience from day one and I speak as I find. Thank you all at Glebe Surgery 10/10

Author: Lyanne Andrade
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Lyanne Andrade1 review · 1 photoa month ago

Author: Sharo Stead
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My husband died of cancer within 4 months - he got to the stage where he could hardly breathe but they still wanted him to make his own way to the hospital - absolutely disgusting - he ended up bed bound, dying at home and never ONCE did any GP visit or enquire about his wellbeing - It takes so long to get an appointment - everything seems to be done by the app - l wish there was another surgery

Author: Andy Durber
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new booking system is a joke, told the next appointment for a doctor is in 3 weeks, but I can go to Gainsborough tomorrow for an out of hours appointment. why has it got so bad at saxilby and gone from good to poor so quickly.

Author: Geoff Davies
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just left The Glebe Practice, getting through on the phone is a no go, tried to book on line was told it had gone through, when checked with reception because of no confirmation, it had not gone through and was told this some times happens and to ring the next day and the reception would put forward the request to see a doctor, when the confirmation came back it was for 4 weeks later [What A Joke]. The managers and senior doctors need to get a grip on this practice before something goes seriously wrong.

Author: Delilah Ash
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you want ANY chance of getting a same day appointment, DO NOT use this practice. It operates an online only triage for booking. You won't be able to speak to a human about your issue and get a same day appointment. Your online request for an appointment may not be looked at for 24-48hrs.

Author: Joanna Kos
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Joanna KosLocal Guide · 4 reviews · 32 photos8 months ago

Author: Louise-Ann Brady
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Louise-Ann BradyLocal Guide · 11 reviews · 1 photo8 months ago
