Practice: GOSBERTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C83036
Postcode: PE11 4NL
Google Maps title: Gosberton Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Gosberton+Medical+Centre/@52.8702367,-0.1590818,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48780504dcd20887:0x9adcb690ebeb49c2!8m2!3d52.8702335!4d-0.1565015!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w664xtr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83036-gosberton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kevin Hudson
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor communication between practice and patient (customer) and apparantly also between different areas of the practice. In fact it is so bad I have placed a complaint about the practice with the NHS and have contacted local press to highlight this.

Author: Lesley Staples
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lesley StaplesLocal Guide · 47 reviews · 84 photos2 months ago

Author: Mari Miller
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since moving to Gosberton 5 years ago the Gosberton medical centre has provided me with excellent service. The staff have been both friendly and efficient with a particular call out to Dr Mo Morsy. The patient triage system works extremely well with either a call back within 24 hrs or an online prescription. I've had a response within 15mins! Overall I rate the Gosberton Medical Centre 5 stars

Author: woos gaming
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The website is terrible and I try to say this to the response person but thay don't help at all why did thay change the system it was so much easier to call them and say I need to book a test or something and boom all sorted but noo have to go on a website go on different links and part and have to remember the Medication name I cant spell properly and cant read long words how can I do this sorry but give this 1 star in till it gets better

Author: Nikki Sunasky
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr morsy is the best dr I’ve ever dealt with through the nhs. Has always taken the time to listen to me and help with my issues. Although it’s a long process, I finally feel like I’m being heard and helped. Thank you so much dr morsy

Author: Sarah Cooper
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant care from staff at the surgery. They are kind, helpful and professional, and I have been seen and treated really quickly. I have recently used the on site Physio service, and had several treatment appointments without waiting. I also had fantastic care from Paige the nurse who looked after my travel vaccinations. She identified what I needed, gave useful health advice, set up a schedule for vaccinations and called me back for follow up appointments too. Nothing was too much trouble for her. Well done Surgery Team!👏🏻

Author: Graham Capes
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to book an appointment now is extremely hard and time consuming I have now got to the point that it's easier not to bother the triage is OK but for general appointment just forget it

Author: sue oakman
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Loving total triage...well done Gosberton Medical Practice. Very happy with my experience, and would urge patients to give this route into the practice a go!

Author: stephen grimmitt
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waiting well over an hour beyond our appointment time just told we're running a bit late totally unacceptable this practice is going downhill fast .

Author: Alan Black
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The dispensary are absolutely brilliant - really helpful whether by phone, email or in person. The reception staff are very easy to deal with - good senses of humour, and don't give up easily, even though some things to be ordered may be hard to find on the computer system. Never had a problem with the car parking, toilets, waiting room or blood pressure machine. The administrative staff do a great job. I've never met the manager, but she's obviously on the ball. And as for the medical staff and doctors - superb! (I don't say that automatically - I'm comparing to the staff at another place I know of.) Well, that all sounds a bit bright and sunny, but it needed to be said, because there are too many negative reviews on here. Can I suggest that more positive reviews be put on here: can we aim for at least 4.0?
