Practice: GREYFRIARS SURGERY
Canonical code: C83059
Postcode: PE21 6JU
Google Maps title: Greyfriars Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Greyfriars+Surgery/@52.9755104,-0.0255985,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48780a16720cddfb:0x7703c2c827bb55b5!4m8!3m7!1s0x48780a164246ead5:0xc8fbd6faa3f579f2!8m2!3d52.9755072!4d-0.0230182!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc433y47?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83059-greyfriars-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: moira rutt
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionists always friendly and helpful.

Author: Js Js
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm very disappointed. My son has protruding bones under his knees that often cause him pain. After waiting in line for 40 minutes, I was told I had to fill out a questionnaire and describe everything. After submitting the report, we were referred to the hospital for an X-ray. A week later, I called to find out if the results were in, and was told I had to wait up to two weeks. Two weeks later, I called again and was told the doctor recommended a phone interview, which they couldn't book until 15 days later because no appointments were available. I wonder how long we would have waited in uncertainty if I hadn't called and booked the appointment myself? Is that how long it takes to find out the X-ray results?

Author: Pauline Oakman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best Dr's I have ever had, the staff are so lovely, Wishing you all the best for 2026

Author: Jody Lenton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jody LentonLocal Guide · 52 reviews · 1 photo3 months ago

Author: Shamina Martin
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I transferred to this surgery following an issue with my previous surgery. They have been excellent and I would definitely recommend them. All primary care services are under a huge amount of pressure which we need to be mindful of.

Author: Katie Vaughan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I am in bad pain they promise me help a doctor was meant to call me buyt didn’t so now I got to stick out pain all weekend & ring them again & pay 4 another taxi & back costing I’m epileptic so have no choice

Author: Ann Chester
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a telephone call yesterday to say my 2nd shingles jab was due & would I be able to go at 3 30 pm today for said vaccination.I went in before the time & the young nurse who I saw called Millie was the nicest,most lovely girl.She was so pleasant & talkative,I don't really like needles so didn't watch,but I just wanted to say what a real asset she is to the surgery.Meeting someone like that makes the whole process much more acceptable.Well done

Author: Zachary Theseus Praetzel
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This GP surgery has to be one of the best in the country. The receptionists are friendly and polite when you treat them with respect, I have never had an issue with asking them questions and they have never lost their patience with me, an autistic adult. As long as you call at 8am, there is an appointment available, and you can book blood tests and routine appointments easily too. The key is to: be respectful, kind, and follow instructions. You can order prescriptions over the phone or online in the NHS app, and I have never had a problem there. Moving on, this GP has some fantastic doctors. I want to call out Dr Niemotko specifically, who has never dismissed my concerns, and has always been happy to explain if I didn't understand. He makes you feel respected and welcome. I have limited experience with other doctors at the site, but my separate medication reviews have been easy too. I find those who complain about not getting appointments, having bad experiences with staff, etc, are the ones who are selfish and cruel toward the staff. Please remember that they are only human. Additionally, as a wheelchair user, I have never had issues with accommodations or being treated differently. The building is accessible and the doors are easy to open, even if you're like me and have minimal strength.

Author: Steve Judd
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor, poor and again poor. Everytime you phone there are no appointments and then just told to phone at 8am the next day to be told excatly the same again. Cant even do the simpliest of call backs as again no appointments for a doctor to ring i mean seriously. This was after explaining how bad i was feeling! Then to have a non trained telephone handler tell me to just try and cope with it the best i can and see if im lucky at 8am. And you then realise why A&E is over run. Disgraceful

Author: Evelina Rubinskaite
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
very bad situation, never possible to book an appointment, I called since 8 am and waited for an hour and no one answered while I called, I was standing in line at the reception, and the women sitting there told me to use the phone even though no one picked up the phone, very rude, we told her nobody answer the phone and she said ''whatever''
