Practice: BRANT ROAD & SPRINGCLIFFE SURGERY
Canonical code: C83078
Postcode: LN5 9AB
Google Maps title: The Brant Road and Springcliffe Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Brant+Road+and+Springcliffe+Surgery/@53.1873934,-0.5599082,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4878451c7880fb8d:0x79a5f5a17683e007!8m2!3d53.1873902!4d-0.5573279!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b6j9fndv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83078-brant-road-and-springcliffe-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: mily mathew
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad experiences from the surgery

Author: Casey Cox98
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very mixed reviews on this doctor’s. Been a patient for 7 years now they have been great with me throughout everything but not so much my children they kind of make you feel like it’s all in your head even though they have been wrong twice with my child which one resulted in a hospital trip and the other they didn’t even wanna see her but I refused for that to be the end and it turned out she had a infection. I feel with children they try not give them medication and make the child fight the illness of them self’s which in some cases is not right or fair.

Author: Charlie Van Vliet
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I decided to register for this gp following an incredibly negligent experience at Bradford medical, and this gp service is up and down. There are times where I have been listened too and received help, and others where its left me refused my meds, refused an appointment, or completely neglected. Starting with the good because there is some here, once you bounce around the system long enough, the care beyond the gp is usually pretty good. The occupational therapist they have is an amazing person, and is one of the main reasons ive pushed through this practice. He's the main reason I have half the support I do, and im so incredibly grateful for all he's done. Even when i eventually leave he's promised to make sure I receive adaptations in my home to make sure I continue to be safe during treatment! Absolutely amazing gentleman, I cant fault him or what he's done for my care whatsoever!! 10s across the board for him!!! Another good would be the two main GPS ive been seeing during my time here. The first, when she listens, is incredible. When she doesnt its a bit like shaving metal with a cheese grater but eventually things get done. 5/10, which I'll get too later on. The 2nd is a bit better, he's mainly helped get me the physio I need, and listened to my concerns with as much care as a gp usually would, 7/10 Now to the bad, and oh boy itll explain the 1 star. -refusing my meds. Its happened twice now because of the ask my gp service they use, that a gp, I believe Dr Hennessy, has refused to prescribe me my medication. He always seemed to do it whenever I stated id ran out of my prescription. Almost like he takes joy in seeing a patient on their last wits fight for mediocre pain relief, 0/10. If youre not involved in my care stop trying to screw me. You specifically have caused multiple pain flairs, multiple panic attacks, and severe distress. Get a hobby that isn't bullying youre patients. -the receptionists seem to believe theyre qualified gps, which isn't appropriate whatsoever. They like deciding whether someone is ill enough for an appointment and if they deem you okay with a chronic illness then no appointment for you. 0/10 -the gps generally dont listen to youre concerns. I state one thing about my bodys reactions or day to day life, they say that its not accurate, even when i have photographic evidence. They will use any excuse too deflect from investigating or exploring treatment options, which has pushed me very dangerously close to a&e levels of pain or physical neglect. 0/10, pay attention to what youre patient is telling you babes. - denying me an appointment due to moving. Im still registered with you, therefore im still youre patient. Just because you dont want me to be youre patient doesn't mean you get to stop treatment. 0/10. -the health and wellbeing coach during my first session, told me my pain was all in my head, then after telling a nurse to take him off my care preceded to call me repeatedly to a point where I had to block his number. Either the nurse didn't do her job or he decide he desperately wanted to do his despite being told no. 0/10 it was embarrassing. In future, id only dream of registering here for the OT. The rest of this practice is like a bandaid on a bullet wound. If youre fit and healthy, and get the occasional sniffle this practice will be good for you and will give you the care you need. If youre disabled, or chronically ill, this practice will be one to bounce you around before they so much as consider investigation. The only benefit I would say for you is the OT, and that's if youre condition impacts youre day to day activities. You get 1/10 for the OT. Which makes you better than kill your patients Bradford medical (yay!) But care is still in the gutter and is in dire need of improvement before ill be happy recommending this practice for anyone.

Author: Kim Crawford
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kim CrawfordLocal Guide · 89 reviews · 5 photos6 months ago

Author: kimberley knffott
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Having to wait an hour for a doctor to sign your prescription so you can get your medication is a joke

Author: Karen Piper
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Karen Piper1 review · 2 photos8 months ago

Author: Mickey Mental
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always had a great service from the doctors, my presciptions has always been done on time and sent to the chemist quickly, when i needed to see the nurse constantly with an ongoing issue i was seen on a weekly basis and was dealt with brilliantly, the doctors are very friendly and always seem to want to help, the receptionist are also very friendly, maybe i have been lucky but they are a very good doctors who seem to care for there patients....which i suppose is a bit of a rarity now adays.

Author: graham norton
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service from this GP practice, fast response when you call, and short wait times for appointments, A+

Author: Keith Edwards
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
It's a doctor's surgery. It's clean and modern. Staff are pleasant.

Author: sean mccarthy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always helpful staff easy access to on line services never had a problem with them excellent service thank you
