Practice: ST. PETERS HILL SURGERY
Canonical code: C83040
Postcode: NG31 6QA
Google Maps title: The St Peters Hill Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+St+Peters+Hill+Surgery/@52.9101185,-0.6424808,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4878305407c81971:0x47097329f576eba!8m2!3d52.9101153!4d-0.6399005!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vxw7sh6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83040-st-peters-hill-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Seth Skipp
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Moved from London and am being forced off of medication that helps me now suffering really badly from pain and no sleep they tell me to go to addiction treatment when I’m on medication for pain I’m not a drug addict and should not be treated like one just because I’ve moved here also the way the administration lady looks at me like oh not you again is not right if you come from Grantham then they probably deal with you better but they don’t like people from different places and I feel they cause harm

Author: Marcin Krol
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This place and the staff are always unsmiling, each of them has a very bad attitude towards people from other countries, and it's hard to say, they don't want to make appointments, they keep delaying, I don't recommend this place, it's terrible, just like the entire staff.

Author: Chloe Alsbury
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is a absolute joke. After FINALLY getting a appointment for my 3 week-long headache, all they said was to take paracetamol (I'd already been taking paracetamol and ibuprofen for a couple of weeks and told them that) the doctor also checked my eyes and said they were fine. After being reviewed by someone that was apparently a medical professional, i felt like a idiot for going there just for a 'normal' headache (must have thought i was being a overdramatic teenager). A couple of days later i went to the opticians and i was referred to lincoln hospital by a optician for a (obviously inflamed) optic nerve. Now almost two months later ive been diagnosed with papilledema in both eyes and idiopathic intercranial pressure(took them long enough to figure it out) And if you are in pain or discomfort please do not waste your time here, apparently the best advice they can give is to 'take paracetamol'. They are absolutely useless.

Author: Samir Andrei Chiriacescu
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible experience this morning, walked in seeking some guidance in a very sensible situation, ( first time in 12 years when I atrempt to seek NHS help/guidance). Didn't even had the chance to complete the sentence I prepared, was sent away to hospital if critical, or wait 1-2 weeks just to see a gp. Thank you for shattering the little hope I had to find some help through you, St. Peters hill surgery staff. I'll try again in 10-12 years, maybe the stars will align and you'll offer some comprehensive guidance at least.

Author: richard wrenn
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery is shocking , can’t get an appointment, try and do everything over the phone, say they are too busy, it’s not all there fault, the government needs to shoulder much of the blame as well.

Author: Alex white (AtomicMittens)
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't fault them to be honest. Recently moved to the area and I've had a lingering cough for around 3 weeks now. Used the online portal to request and appointment and got a text the following morning to confirm an appointment for the same day. On arrival reception were polite and got me checked in and shortly after saw the clinician on time. Practice paramedic Miss Hawthorn was professional and explained what was going on and I felt taken care of, submitted for antibiotics to collect and requested an x-ray. I left feeling happy with the service. Later that day I wanted to double check I had the right information about the appointment and after a 5 minute wait I was connected to Michelle on reception. Michelle was polite and helped me out with my request, explained the process and I honestly can't complain.

Author: simon east
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I held my appointment time and was told it didn't matter and to join a queue of 20 plus people. Informed a staff member of my intention that to wait a further 20 minutes afterwards was not an option. I am annoyed that NHS accused me of missing my appointment despite the fact I Informed a staff member that they breached the appointment time and I would not wait another 30 minutes. I fought against odds to get an appointment that was not accommodated by the surgery. I walked to another venue and was done in 3 minutes. Sorry, but st peters hill surgery is the main fault here not me.

Author: paul allen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible gp surgery i NEVER get to see my own doctor. And VIRTUALLY NEVER see any doctor twice. The doctors that i see are either trainees or just out of medical school and are on their way to better positions at a better surgery(they wont have to look far)

Author: Lil Leah
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Fed up of this doctors and receptionists that are not willing to help. Have to argue with the staff when trying to sort appointments or prescriptions. Don't a waste your time

Author: Amy Taylor
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying to book an appointment for 3 weeks now but finding it impossible. Been having difficulties with my medication and have been asked to come in for an appointment, yet can’t even get a hold of anyone. Tried asked my GP every morning yet they aren’t taking routine requests and when trying to ring up, all the phone lines are engaged. Piss poor to be honest.
