Practice: NAVENBY CLIFF VILLAGES SURGERY
Canonical code: C83002
Postcode: LN5 0JJ
Google Maps title: Cliff Villages Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cliff+Villages+Medical+Practice/@53.1026395,-0.5310915,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487846e988ccb00b:0x93b4425cbfe869e3!8m2!3d53.1026363!4d-0.5285112!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b6jh0yx4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83002-navenby-cliff-villages-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nikki Stout
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The system is broken here as well as many other surgeries. Used to be very good. Unable to get any vaccines or appt to see nurses regarding this despite handing in travel form in plenty of time as requested. Over 3 weeks and no sign of any appt. Receptionist suggested we go and pay at boots air solar if we were that bothered.

Author: Richard Gibson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been trying to get to the bottom of of stomach issues since the beginning of December. They are hopeless at carrying out the most basic blood tests and admin tasks. The only Doctor I have Bern able to see was a locum. They keep asking for the same tests over and again instead of referring me to somewhere competent. Navenby practice seems better than Waddington or at least a bit more friendly about being incompetent. If I could leave 0 stars I would.

Author: Dionne Overton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
With the new system where you have to choose a date to book your own appointment, well don’t bother! It’s impossible. There are Never any appointments available, doesn’t matter what time of day a person calls.

Author: Gonja G
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dealing with this GP is a constant struggle. The receptionists have a terrible attitude, speaking as if you’re at fault for being ill. I’ve been a patient here for years, but I genuinely dread getting sick because of how difficult they make everything. No matter the issue, they’ve never been able to resolve it.

Author: Ross Formoy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We moved to Navenby 5 years ago and couldn’t believe how great this drs surgery was. To say it has gone downhill is a massive understatement.

Author: Philip Tutty
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
On the whole the people who work here are dedicated NHS staff who do their utmost to help. However the man who works on reception is one of the most unhelpful, uncaring, unfeeling jobsworths you could ever have the misfortune to meet. People like him are why the NHS is struggling. I've had to ask him for help twice and on both occasions he has dismissed me in a way that made it quite clear to me that I was beneath contempt and shouldn't be wasting his time. If you can, avoid him at all costs. Everyone else is very helpful. *Update* Just a note to add that if you request your prescription on the NHS App and you see a couple of days later that it says issued. That does not mean that your prescription has been issued. Issued does not mean issued when dealing with this surgery. The problem is, they can never be in the wrong and nothing is ever their fault. It's always you as the patient that is wrong, and if you argue they only dig their heels in.

Author: Penney Garrad
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient here for nearly 60years always thought a very good practice....but now i think they are probably one if the worst in Lincolnshire...for eight months I was fobbed off with antibiotics I could not get a face to face appointment with a doctor and now a year later and a week of trying i still cannot see a dr of my choice or any doctor as when you phone no appointment available go on line no appointments available go in to reception yes can see Dr of choice but not for 3 weeks ... absolutely diabolical pathetic

Author: Tracy Lyon
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Received a text telling me I need to book appointment with doctor to discuss results with a link for appointment. Tried booking via link given. The booking slots are for a month. All dates come up No available slots. I ring up get through but told you need to start at 8am and keep trying during the day as slots are released during the day.you try 10 times still the same result.). You go on to website and try through there , again not available. You ring up , and you’re on the phone for 30 minutes and the number you’re at has not changed, so you end the call as you need to work. If you go in the receptionist will say you need to ring . The system is not user friendly, if you can’t get an appointment for your results or for any other medical issues. Despite the GPs telling you , you need to make an appointment , there’s little point having the test as you can’t get your results ( I have access them through the website) but some say speak to your GP. What’s the point in sending the text telling me I need to make an appointment. I realise there needs to be a system to limit the appointments but to be this is not the one. I have with the surgery 37 years and it has always been good but the last 2-3 years ability yo book appointment has slowly deteriorated.

Author: Gary Marshall
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately I am totally disillusioned about Navenby Surgery Firstly I would just like to say that Dr Douglas has always been brilliant efficient and caring GP However since he is absent following an operation I am unhappy at how my wife has been recently treated She had a scan which it turns out has shown nodes on lung and windpipe This scan result was with the surgery for six weeks before anything was done including informing my wife of the results which only happened because my wife chased it up This in my opinion is negligence and not acceptable I understand the pressures GP are under but to not act on a concerning scan result is not acceptable

Author: David Hunter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Almost impossible to see a doctor Over an hour on the phone which then incurs premium rate charge last two calls twenty pounds
