Practice: EAST LINDSEY MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: C83056
Postcode: LN11 9EH
Google Maps title: East Lindsey Medical Group
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 8
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/East+Lindsey+Medical+Group/@53.3622669,-0.0003411,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d7d562478a5c33:0xa49c9eb75fe27a5d!8m2!3d53.3622637!4d0.0022392!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fnb_bj3c?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 8
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83056-east-lindsey-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jack Lucock
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve recently switched from a different local GP surgery to here and the level of care is night and day , much better experience than I am used to. Just this morning Narina from the navigation team has also been incredibly helpful and well informed.

Author: Geordie Baldwin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
very nice. building. and staff were very. helpfull

Author: Mary King
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My partner was struggling to get follow up treatment after an operation for 5 weeks after it was due. I don't know how we would have survived through all the inefficiency of the hospital system, which led to an operation wound being infected among other problems, without the care and support from East Lindsey Medical Group.. With the exception of one reception staff who stuck to the letter of the "law" everybody else was friendly and helpful.

Author: Nick Dale
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very polite and helpful Doctors, appointments can be hard to get however this is not the surgeries fault. I have always found them to be very understanding and determined to get to the root cause of health issues.

Author: Chris Bradshaw
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently, I've had to have a lot of help from these doctors, some of the services I would give more than 5 stars if I could and other departments not so much. Firstly, if you have to go in early in the morning to make an appointment, there is a young girl with braids in her hair who is absolutely amazing and lovely! She has the best manners and always tries her best to help you, and she is a total credit to the surgery. Also, there is a fella there, "Mr Andrew Camm," who is a nurse practitioner who is absolutely incredible! In fact, there are a lot of doctors who could learn a lot from him. He has a bedside manner that doctors used to have back in the day that they seem to have lost for reasons I don't know? You get the feeling that he genuinely cares about how you are doing, and he quite literally saved my life. I would really recommend that you check your consultantations and events in your nhs app from time to time as there have been things written on my record by certain members of staff which are just not true at all. For some reason, some of the dispensery staff feel it's OK to post date medication "even though it's on repeat" for the day it's actually due. You're supposed to give your pharmacy a heads up with your prescription so they have a day or two to order it in and get it ready for you. But what happens if the pharmacy doesn't get your prescription until the very day it's due? You're on crutches and really struggle walking, and the pharmacy doesn't have that particular medication in stock and you know your not going to be able to get into town for a few days And you can get poorly if you suddenly stop taking it!! So you have to worry about things like that when you shouldn't have to. All in all, it's a good surgery with some outstanding members of staff, but then there are some who will try and throw a spanner in the works for no reason at all! This surgery deserves a 5 for the staff members I mentioned alone, but I can see why people get frustrated with other departments

Author: Micheal Bayliss
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have not seen a doctor at all there the reception are unhelpful and there no help

Author: Susan andrews
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Susan andrews9 reviews · 6 photos2 years ago

Author: Amy Howkins
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Wish I could give them no stars, absolutely appalling surgery. Twice now I have rang up due to my newborn baby screaming in pain for hours, for them to tell me I will get a callback from the doctor by 630pm. I waited and waited rang several times to see what’s going on only for them to tell me his problem was not severe enough and we must continue to wait or go to urgent care who will not treat premature babies. 630pm comes along and never recieved a phone call on both occasions. Will not be going back to the surgery, going to find a gp that actually cares about their patients especially one that is only 9 weeks old.
