Practice: MOULTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C83039
Postcode: PE12 6QB
Google Maps title: Moulton Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Moulton+Medical+Centre/@52.7963201,-0.0649069,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487806cfbf883f9d:0xfeb8824622bb6646!8m2!3d52.7963169!4d-0.0623266!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th56hf4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83039-moulton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jamal Bouizedekane
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Being only able to give one star seems generous at this point. The NHS generally speaking do a great job, but it's cowboys like Moulton Medical Centre that give it the bad name that it sometimes gets associated with. I have never in all my years experienced service as bad as I have here at Moulton Medical Centre. The receptionists seems to have been specifically trained to disregard the use of manners, confidentiality and any kind of customer service. They are (with exception to perhaps one or two) incredibly rude, disrespectful and careless. Because it's your health, and not theirs, they do not care, and that notion seems to also filter its way through the surgery to the doctors themselves with their passive and lazy approach to administering medical care and medical management. If you question the receptionists' manners, lack of confidentiality or attitude on the phone when simply trying to have a conversation, you're met with increased hostility, rude remarks and threats on hanging up the phone. I had the displeasure of having a medical issue for 8 months whilst at Moulton Medical centre, and not once in those 8 months did the doctor proactively prescribe something that could be of any help. Nothing prescribed in 8 months is bordering negligence. I am luckily fortunate enough to own another property in a neighbouring county and have since left this practice, to join another GP, but I feel very sorry for anyone stuck here with no choice but to stay. If you can, avoid this place like the plague, and I'd encourage others who have had to deal with this place to leave reviews as well, because it needs to be known how bad this place really is. Moulton Medical Centre, do better.

Author: sam louth
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, some really rude staff and the paramedic they substitute the GP for without asking you is horrific. Never looked at notes and made an assumption and diagnosis without an appointment or seeing or speaking to me or looking at the family history.

Author: Glen Dellow
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Gone down hill in the last few months

Author: Simon Coad
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors and nurses very good , the archaic admin is dreadful! I honestly thought I'd travelled in time back to the 1970's ....... unfortunately without the manners!

Author: Latin Lollipop
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Best GP practice in Lincolnshire....maybe even further afield!

Author: Parish Clerk
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dr Beaver was lovely when I went for an appointment recently. However, as usual, it's one or two receptionists that let this place down. There are some lovely ladies working on reception but at least 2 need training on phone etiquette and how to deal with the public. It amazes me that people like this are kept on in job roles that they are clearly not suited for.

Author: Paul farmer
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul farmer1 review8 months ago

Author: Sally Kendall
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sally KendallLocal Guide · 58 reviews8 months ago

Author: steve starkey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently moved to this area, I have had less need of the doctor than my wife but we both have found this surgery to be very good. Reception staff, nurse I've seen and doctor my wife talked to and seen have been nice. Love the robot prescription service as can get my tablets early in morning or late at night if I want.

Author: Joe Palmer
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am actually shocked at the bad reviews with this surgery, having moved from Long Sutton a couple of years ago all i can say is fantastic. support from both the nurses and Dr Dias are great. thank you :)
