Practice: LAKESIDE HEALTHCARE STAMFORD
Canonical code: C83007
Postcode: PE9 1YA
Google Maps title: Lakeside Healthcare
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 69
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lakeside+Healthcare/@52.6560778,-0.4705769,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48778bca6731f471:0x5eab38f3329ac55f!8m2!3d52.6560746!4d-0.4679966!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11byhkv0g0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83007-lakeside-healthcare-stamford.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: mickey pip
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting treatment , as always from Lakeside Health Care :they don’t care one iota for me..I have pleaded with them for an appointment 4 times to see my Doctor : the same Doctor ,who incidentally promised me at my appointment in June last year that he would be in touch. 8 months on I now do my own diagnosing .The receptionists are appallingly RUDE and uncaring and will not do a thing to help you navigate a way to an appointment.They have an elevated self worth andsre untouchable.They close ranks just to see you go….that to them is success! They have ZERO compassion and ZERO civility and need to understand their job description. They are derelict in their duty of care and because they each support each other the customer is seen as a nuisance and inconvenience. Whoever in HR appoints them is a disgrace they are lousy, rude ,unhelpful and vicious in how they talk to patients. A Health Practice in Name only…it is Beyond 3rd World! a diabolically vile uncaring practice ..such is Lakeside Health Care! I hear the same from everyone I know…they should be closed down and their fat salaries repaid so people can go choose their own medical care!

Author: Metz Jnr
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Wish I'd have seen the reviews before joining the surgery. Have been trying for 6 weeks before I can talk to someone. For obvious privacy concerns, I won't disclose symptoms over the phone or online on their third-party app Anima, so triage is treating this as normal despite me showing a referral letter. Never experienced something like this in my lifetime. Feels incredibly strange.

Author: Georgia page
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
worst gp practice.

Author: kirsty paige
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rotten. Customer services are rude, not helpful and passed about with the severity of my pain issues. Goodbye moving to a nicer and kinder practice

Author: martunias2000
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
martunias20001 review · 1 photo5 months ago

Author: Chloe Ives
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic service. Went in, quick consultation by the doctor, surgery was quick and painless. Thank you to all staff!

Author: Jane Wilding
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just want to say ‘thank you’ to the wonderful nurse, Cathy, who helped me use the kiosk today. You’re a star Cathy and I so appreciate your advice, kindness and humility 🙏 …

Author: Anna
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting GP surgery. Even after medication review they do something against what we agreed and then ask you to wait for appointment to sort again. But as usual no appointments. Staff take zero responsibility for errors THEY make. They fail to understand or acknowledge a complaint when you wish to make one. NHS GP surgeries have declined over the years but I NEVER had one so poorly managed, misinformation and making your personal medical records a mess with incorrect prescriptions and clearly don't action what is discussed. Moving GP surgery in the meantime will have my prescription done properly through my BUPA GP service yes I need to pay privateprescription charges but worth it to avoid this practice. Luckily I have this to fall back on. My heart goes out to people who don't.

Author: Stefan Robertson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Deserve no stars as despite being promised vital documentation would be ready to be picked up, surprise, surprise it wasn't.

Author: James Sear
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless. Can't even get routine issues sorted. They push you to use Anima and then the platform doesn't open—even at the times it says it will be! I know for sure, as I am checking it right on the minute it opens. The only other option is to join the mad phone queue. The chance of a face-to-face is virtually zero. I go to the pharmacy for critical issues and they just direct me to the GP! And so the cycle starts again. There is no doubt in my mind that things are being missed and people will no be seen as a result of it. It's now been like this for many years (since everything was combined into Lakeside). So so poor.
