Practice: HORNCASTLE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: C83027
Postcode: LN9 6AL
Google Maps title: Horncastle Medical Group
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 53
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Horncastle+Medical+Group/@53.2078031,-0.111411,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487870ae3d899751:0x98bcd59587214c4b!8m2!3d53.2077999!4d-0.1088307!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc489ykt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83027-horncastle-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marie Marie (Meme)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Had to change my 5 star review from 4 years ago to 0 stars. This doctors has changed, the doctors don't listen and are arrogant unhelpful and also lie. They are encouraging dangerous self medicating which I haven't turned to yet in hopes as I'm in a battle with them. They don't know about medical problems what is going on with all these new doctors they also want you to waste your appointment time repeating yourself every time. Iv had to sit for hours days and weeks researching myself to know what I need from the doctors and even have hospital record from nerve clinic told me what I need but the doctors said they won't prescribe becuase I used to take co codamol which I havnt taken for 10 years? I'm sure there nir reading records or listening at all. Need new doctors that understand English also!

Author: Neil Bennett
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently joined this practice, absolutely loved my first session. No more waiting for hours on the phone

Author: Janice Evans
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have resided in this area for the last two years, and my personal experience of this Surgery has always been positive, from point of contact through to Consultation & subsequent solution, from all those involved. I am able to use the current ANIMA system, which again, I personally find invaluable. Very often nowadays, we always seem to see/hear negative comments through negative experiences, & rarely do we see positive comments due to a positive experience/s… from our invaluable NHS Staff & support Staff, as it’s something that is “ taken for granted” I’m pleased to report that my experiences have always been positive & triaged to my satisfaction. Thank you.

Author: richard spires
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always able to get appointments. The staff are excellent.

Author: total drama fan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
total drama fanLocal Guide · 78 reviews · 2 photos6 months ago

Author: Andrew Hockley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Its gone from really good to just unusable since anima was forced upon patients. Its impossible to get access to any appointments or services on anima - its constantly locked out by time constraints. I've tried calling and emails, but emails are ignored and the best I've managed to get to is 4th in a queue on the phone. I'm lost for words really. I think I'll have to turn up in person to book an appointment, or write surface mail letters. Ridiculous in 2025.

Author: Ian Valseca
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst doctors ever they leave me in pain day and night can't sleep pain is off the scale won't give home visits as I am house bound only offer appointment at surgery won't give me a phone appointment even I may as well be dead they don't care being treated like a dog if I had a gun I would shot myself

Author: Jason boothby
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What an absolute joke are they ? They are completely and utterly incompetent , how do they loose something in-between the doctors surgery and the chemist disgusting by my record
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for bringing this matter to our attention. We are sorry to hear about your experience and understand your frustration. Please contact our Practice Manager at your earliest convenience so we can discuss the details and work towards resolving this issue promptly.

Author: Mick Riches
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
With so much effort being put into online contact, the receptionist just want to dismiss a caller as often as possible. I have to say, what do they actually do! When ever i have attended surgery most ground floor staff are either talking amongst themselves or off for a coffee break.What a hard job they have. Now i found out they don't take repeat prescriptions by phone. That's right on line or go in. I live approximately 10 miles from the surgery so that means 4 trips just to get prescription. This way of running a gp surgery is awful and treats poorly people as just an inconvenience to them. Especially if you are not PC literate. Doctors are fantastic but the way poorly people are treated stinks.

Author: Alex Campbell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Pretty strange policy, you can only make appointments between 8-9 even although the last time I managed to make one it was for 3wks in the future. This practice seems to have gone down hill dramatically since covid good job am not dying
