Practice: THE NEW CONINGSBY SURGERY
Canonical code: C83083
Postcode: LN4 4SG
Google Maps title: The New Coningsby Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+New+Coningsby+Surgery/@53.1048483,-0.1769964,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48787241fed3e2f1:0xe2226eea006d7422!8m2!3d53.1048451!4d-0.1744161!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vn180wf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83083-the-new-coningsby-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mark Smith
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
How is this surgery not closed for good??? Useless don’t even bother , obviously they are not there for helping people!

Author: Ellie Rose
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling behaviour. I tried booking an appointment online to get a Doctor to look at my skin (spots), they got back 3 days later and had said they’d prescribed me an antibiotic gel. I had to run to and from the pharmacy and the doctors in coningsby as i didn’t know who had my prescription, i’ve told the doctors that my skin is making me not go to school which is a big concern as i’m missing weeks off school during my GCSE’s. They essentially refused me an appointment, despite speaking to them in person a couple days before i attempted to book this appointment, my mum rang the doctors and for 2 days they said ,on both days, they hadn’t got any appointments available

Author: Michelle Pearce
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are new to the surgery and have found the staff and the online system to be very helpful. Staff are approachable helpful and understanding, even though this is a busy practice they are happy to do what they can.

Author: Dan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since moving to the area in April I have been refused doctors appointments, had Medication stopped Simply because someone at the surgery decided to do so. Most of this medication is insulin and put my life at risk. The surgery continues to refuse treatment for me and to this day even though they have never had the decency to speak to me. "Dr" (I use the prefix generously) called me from a withheld number and without introducing himself barked "what do you want" at me as his opening remark. He then tried gaslighting me into saying that he did introduce himself and I just didn't remember. When i remind him the call was being recorded he called me A liar and laughed at me. I have had no contact from this surgery since April and my health has declined quite a lot because of their avoidance to provide medical care. If you need help please don't call them go straight to the hospital. This place will be your tomb.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
We are very sorry to read this review and are concerned by the seriousness of the issues raised. It is extremely difficult for us to investigate or respond meaningfully to allegations of this nature when the review is has no full name or identifying details have been provided. We take complaints about patient care and staff conduct very seriously, but we cannot look into them without knowing who the concerns relate to. We would strongly encourage you to contact the Practice Manager directly so that your concerns can be formally raised and fully investigated. This would allow us to review your medical records where appropriate, listen back to any recorded telephone calls, and speak with the staff member involved. Please contact the practice and ask to speak with or write to the Practice Manager so this can be looked into without delay. Thank you

Author: Deborah Carpenter
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They are useless

Author: Keith Gordon
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A brilliant service normally, but today they exceeded that completely. Nice and friendly receptionist and a great dispensary team who went more than the extra mile to help me. Thank you.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind words! We're delighted to hear that our team went above and beyond to assist you. I'll be sure to pass on your lovely feedback to the receptionist and the dispensary team. We're always here to help, and we truly appreciate you taking the time to share your experience with us.

Author: Catherine Sutemire
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid Nurse Practioner Yasmin, keeps you waiting 45mins even though no one goes in before the planned appoint. no apology provided. Condescending attitude and incorrect health advice; knowledge is questionable and dangerous. See via these reviews that there have been many complaints about Yasmin for years....and yet.....!

Author: A H
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I used to have ask my GP app, but since a replaced my phone, it told me to use evergreen app, which won't let me do anything. Can't book appointments or anything. When I asked reception about ask my gp, as not working, she just said "it's closed". Not helpful.

Author: AI SKYNETT
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling behaviour towards my pregnant wife, impossible for her to make an appointment. Every time she rings in the morning she is told to ring tomorrow as there are no appointments, last week she experienced near fainting episode and without even letting her explain her symptoms they cut her short : Ring again tomorrow! She rang back asking to talk to the manager was told she will ring back: no call received. Than god 111 advised her to go to emergency and was sorted. I was thinking registering with The new conningsby but No way now, I asked my old gp to keep me there. I’m going to make a complaint through ICB Lincolnshire. Seeing so many bad reviews and bad experience this needs investigation. Martin Thomas

Author: Michelle Lines
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking surgery! After a very bad 5 day episode of trigeminal neuralgia, Which I have had for 18 years, got told it probably isn't neuralgia could be tooth ache! Totally unbelievable. Then got asked if I had a job? Which I do The lady doctor said oh you can afford to go private then sent me to a specialist, which I paid for. The specialist in Lincoln couldn't believe the service I'd been given at New Coningsby, but it seems it's how they run. Today I got told msk would not even see me and refused a referral to see a knee I can no longer walk on. But a phone appt was arranged to tell me they won't refer me. Be better going to the butcher or post office they would be more use!
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Michelle, We're sorry to read your review and disappointed to hear that this was your … More
