Practice: BINBROOK SURGERY
Canonical code: C83643
Postcode: LN8 6ED
Google Maps title: Binbrook Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 24
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Binbrook+Surgery/@53.4271019,-0.1814039,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487861df2955e46b:0x72942c9c5f2d03ab!8m2!3d53.4270987!4d-0.1788236!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2fdwch?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83643-binbrook-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Andrew Carr
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the staff are extremely helpful

Author: Hannah Hanson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Who ever spoke to me today was so rude she seem to think her business to know why couldn't make an appointment they decided to book without talking to me first wanted to know why I to cancel why I couldn't do appointment sooner. It's none of her business what is going on in my life what other things I have on just cause I'm house bound doesn't mean I have to say other things on I don't see why I need to tell her. She wouldn't like it I asked her why she couldn't make an appointment or anything else. I have fibromyalgia only do one thing on like an appointment then I'm wiped out with extreme exhaustion. You don't go booking appointments when you haven't spoken to patient first. She seem to think I was going out she said I thought you are house bound I never said I was going out I only said I have other things on I can't do appointment decided book.

Author: Amanda
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
How anybody can say this practice is good , when doctor Bee was the doctor , you couldn’t have ask for a better doctor he was unbelievable.!!! I’ve been with this doctor surgery for nearly 40 years. There’s only one doctor in there that I trust , I couldn’t see that doctor yesterday.When I went yesterday I could hardly move from falling on the ice after ice skating. The doctor, didn’t even examine me !!!!. I was suffering really bad with indigestion after taking a medication, what upset my stomach?. I told the doctor I was allergic to magnesium stearate . she gave me some medication for the indigestion, I always read to make sure the magnesium stearate isn’t in there just in case. Thinking that I had told her so she wouldn’t given me them. But no, she hadn’t even look into it to see that there was Magnesium in them .So If I haven’t looked, I would really be in a bad State-after taking these tablets .And the lady who hasn’t been with this Practice for very long, and think they’re really good. You will soon change your mind believe me.

Author: Gary Horton
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Overall, very happy with the treatment and support received. All of the staff do their best to help.

Author: Sara Fields
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sara FieldsLocal Guide · 10 reviewsa year ago

Author: virginia edmundson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have found that the Doctors in the practise are very thorough and considerate. Sometimes the reception staff can be a little to be desired The nurses and clinic staff are amazing . The admin team are very efficient All in all I would say we are very lucky to have this surgery looking after us. Thank you

Author: Patricia Crossley
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
The previous doctors & Receptionists were much, much better. I have found the main Doctor is unhelpful, and rude.

Author: Hayley Cotton
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly and efficient

Author: Colin Walker
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been using the surgery for a while now, all my interactions have been positive. Both of the doctors, the nurses and all the staff we have encountered have been friendly, supportive and helpful so far. Very impressed and grateful to have such a service here in Binbrook.

Author: Cara Wallace
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery have been nothing but supportive of me so far. After years of seeing GPs telling me there’s nothing wrong, and me believing them, I registered here after moving to the area and was immediately given two blood tests and a round of B12 injections after being possibly diagnosed with pernicious anaemia. On top of that, they helped me find a contraception that finally works for me. The help and support I’ve been given from the two nurses I’ve seen has been awesome. They even gave me advice when registering my partner who is American. Thank you!
