Practice: TRENT VALLEY SURGERY
Canonical code: C83641
Postcode: LN1 2NU
Google Maps title: Trent Valley Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 24
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Trent+Valley+Surgery/@53.2720445,-0.6746102,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487851118580611b:0x1e25cc3e1d5256ef!8m2!3d53.2720413!4d-0.6720299!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc8n6wf0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83641-trent-valley-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jayne Adrian
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang to order a repeat prescription as I had forgot to drop my prescription form off. I was first in line 25 mins later still not answered and surgery is now closed. What is going on with this surgery used to be great years ago but now gone to pot

Author: Sonia Lee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Not been here for quite a while. Walked in, one receptionist on the phone, the other on the computer. Neither acknowledged me, after a minute or so i noticed the sign for self check in. Would have been helpful if one of the women glanced in my direction, smiled and pointed to the sign🤷‍♀️ Maybe practice this technique on their next staff training day👍

Author: Paul C
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I can be critical of services, but will praise great service when received. Today I had an appointment with the clinical nurse (I think that's hes title). All I can say about him is OUTSTANDING. Due to ongoing issues I've seen many consultants, doctors and nurses resulting in painkillers, exercises etc. this is the first time that someone has actually looked at the possible underlying cause. Really really happy that we are now making progress after 26 years of pain and discomfort. The old one (2022 ish) Decided to edit my review. Both my partner and I have had great service over the last 6 years for minor ailments. So why 5 to 1 star? Recently my partner had some scans pertaining to a chronic condition. Although inconclusive they did show an unrelated (probably) issues with another organ. Oblivious to the findings my partner was informed that the Dr would phone the following morning to discuss the results. As it was a phone call we were confident the issue would be minor. What transpired is that my partner was phoned, at work, by the Practice Nurse to inform her that potentially (and I pray not) she may have one of the most aggressive forms of cancers. Obviously stunned, and on her own, that she was unable to ask questions, nor was advice offered. She's now in bits. Luckily Dr Google has provided us with some info that this practice didn't, which has gone someway to calming my partners anxiety. So due to the lack of 1-2-1 support, failure to explain what the results meant my in-laws my partners employers and I are picking up the slack for researching, informing and support. Truly terrible health care from an organisation that wants public sympathy.

Author: sarah jane mcentee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My daughter has just been seen by Mr. Reddie..the physio. He is amazing. 1st class at his job. Explained everything plain and simple at last someone who knows what her problem is. 100% recommend him.

Author: Lorna Reynolds
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery for 13 years and have always found the doctors, nurses, and reception staff at both Saxilby and Torksey to be friendly, and helpful .They listen properly, and deal with problems efficiently. I have nothing but praise for the service they have provided for both myself and my husband. Thank you.

Author: sarah jane Mcentee
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had nothing but good visits. Especially the amazing nurse Lisa. Shes patient, gentle and understanding.

Author: Lesley Chambers
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve moved on from this practice, thank goodness!

Author: Sally J
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
After recently relocating from Aylesbury to Lincoln, I registered with Trent Valley Surgery and have been thoroughly impressed with their service. From the outset, the reception staff have been extremely helpful and attentive. I've had to make three phone calls to the surgery, and each time the ladies at the reception have gone above and beyond to assist me. One particular instance involved a challenge with my repeat prescription, which had mistakenly been sent to my previous pharmacy in Aylesbury (no fault of Trent Valley Surgery). The reception team promptly advised me on how to rectify the situation to ensure I could get my prescription the same day. This level of service is a stark contrast to my previous experience in Aylesbury, where dealing with my former doctor's office was consistently a struggle. The efficiency and helpfulness of the staff at Trent Valley Surgery have made my transition to Lincoln much smoother. Thank you to everyone at Trent Valley Surgery for your outstanding service and for always being so helpful on the phone!

Author: jacqui Luke
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful and professional especially as home bound and need them to come to me

Author: Charlotte Howell (FelisLynx)
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Charlotte Howell (FelisLynx)2 reviews2 years ago
