Practice: CAISTOR HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: C83613
Postcode: LN7 6NX
Google Maps title: Caistor Health Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Caistor+Health+Centre/@53.4943477,-0.3174735,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48788c19c2ee913d:0xaacbf5e9bb5168a8!8m2!3d53.4943445!4d-0.3148932!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hmmvw6n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C83613-caistor-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: B Milne
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery used to be a brilliant surgery with very efficient staff but recently you now have to wait over a week for prescriptions and when you need urgent letters expect to wait at least 14 days for them but a few months ago they were done between 24-48 hours. I honestly dont know what's gone wrong but the telephone service call back is useless they dont call you back and if there's too many patients on the 8am urgent doctors appointments they just cut you off and you have to try again 🙄. Things need to change at this surgery to get it back to how it used to be cause 3 months ago I would have given this surgery a 5 star service but not now I honestly dont know what's gone wrong. They even used to put all the appointments on Systm One but now there's no appointment showing for any of the doctors or nurses and I've heard of other patients been told to goto A&E or Louth Urgent Care Centre and when they get there they were told your GP needs to deal with this medical problem so patients are playing ping pong with this surgery and A&E or the Urgent Care Centre which again needs sorting asap.

Author: Christine Liddle
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Today Thursday 18th Sept I wanted to collect part of a prescription that wasn’t available when collecting the rest of the prescription. I checked on line and was informed that the surgery was open Until 6.30pm, so I drove in from Grasby only to find the surgery was closed. Why don’t you update your website. So now I have to drive in again tomorrow, so this prescription of two items has taken three attempts to collect. Not a reliable service and really annoying.

Author: Jay
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Nhs care very basic and pretty much useless and a waste of time. Nhs only offer a basic lay down mri which is really no good for diagnosing spinal issues such as problems with the craniocervical junction. Instead i was offered physio which isn't very good if they haven't ordered a seated up right mri. I declined the physio as I didn't feel it was safe to have physio as my craniocervical junction of my neck felt very unstable. So I have just been at home, hoping it just gets better on it's own and been using a neck brace and cervical pillow.

Author: Doreen Mukotekwa
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Met with Dr Freeman today. The best Dr so far, smiling, welcoming and had time to talk to me and joked. Enjoyed this experience.

Author: Karen Waters
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I must give Caistor Health Centre a shout out for being super efficient when phoning for an appointment. They have a convenient phone-back system and call back within a short time. Also I have many friends who complain that it's almost impossible to see a doctor in their area but I have never had any difficulty getting seen at Caistor immediately if I've needed help. Well done CHC!

Author: Linda
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is amazing now, very helpful and friendly.

Author: Louise Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
These doctors are amazing! Over the last few years, I’ve had one thing after another to deal with. The doctors have been incredible! The receptionists are lovely. Far nicer than before.

Author: Lisa Scarrott
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist terrible I got misdiagnosed for having covid when I didn't i had a severe case of vomiting and abdominal pain the norovirus the receptionist over the phone was giggling laughing over the phone for misdiagnosed me she thought it was funny that I was misdiagnosed. Absoultely awful now very disappointed and very unprofessional. On the 10th February 2021 I rang up complaining of severe vomiting and stomach cramps these are not covid symptoms yet the receptionist said I need to ring this other number and her unprofessional response was terrible and shocking laughing over the phone to me as a patient. Another nurse answered and said no you not got covid symptoms so she put me back on to caistor health center receptionist I'm beyond shocked the way I was treated here really terrible I have now put in a formal complaint. They just seem to make one mistake after another

Author: Ritchie Drama
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Caistor surgery had a bad reputation for many years, and I had a very bad experience - but since Dr Freeman has been there, absolutely awesome, not only does he make the appointments worthwhile and it feels like you're getting good care he actually takes the time to speak to you. Please never leave Dr Freeman :)

Author: Wayne Walker
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have called 9 times with 3 call backs,the phone rang once and they hung up on me,getting through to a person is like winning the lottery,absouletly appalling service.
