Practice: RAINWORTH HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: C84087
Postcode: NG21 0AD
Google Maps title: Rainworth Health Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rainworth+Health+Centre/@53.1175614,-1.1212346,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879bb7c4b01c063:0x530bcdd06ba5a620!8m2!3d53.1175582!4d-1.1186543!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf64_n6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84087-rainworth-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sharon Dickson
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon Dickson3 reviews · 1 photo6 days ago New

Author: David
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I get bombarded by text messages to have my annual review and when I ring to book as requested I get told @ we don’t have next months rota for the nurses so can you call back in 10 days !! I also get message with an allocated 4 hour slot that the pharmacist is going to call for my annual medication review , I way and wait and they don’t call . Then I get another message with a new date and guess what they don’t call again National Health Shambles not Service

Author: Steve Fletcher
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
On the 9/3/26. I called up to request a bloodtest! I have CAD and supposed to have bloodtest frequently. I explained to the receptionist that I want to see the functions on my liver and kidneys due to the strong medication I'm on. The Receptionist responded with, " you had a bloodtest 7 months ago, you are ok??? If you want a bloodtest go to kings mill hospital they will do it there" I told her I don't want a hospital for a bloodtest!! I actually called the hospital and they are so angry and also looking into this, as they said, " it's lazy!". Anyway, they'll be pleased... I'm moving surgery as it's Not the first time here that the receptionist have played doctors, it's scary!! I'm doing a report to CQC today, look at the other reviews on here ( which I advised her to do) we are treated like cattle! Simply not acceptable! By the way, I'm forced to give 1 star, it really isn't worthy of this.

Author: Francis Aryeequaye
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve only met Dr K Ngu twice and I must confess my experience has been of the highest professional standard. He takes his time to listen and offer great professional advice.

Author: Linds
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered with this GP Surgery since birth in 1996, in recent times it has become problematic to say the least to get an appointment, it’s a big shame really as the doctors here in particular Dr Ngu + Dr Parker are fantastic. I’m confident this doctors surgery takes on simply too many patients for the staff levels to cope with, perhaps this could do with review. I have registered with another GP Practice recommended by multiple people. On numerous occasions now I have rang at 08:00am as requested for a same day GP appointment to be told “We’re at capacity” by 08:11am. How are patients meant to have health concerns treated which in my personal case is something I’d consider relatively urgent. I have been seeking support and having testing to determine my health concerns, advised explicitly to see my GP but this being an impossible task. It is no surprise that hospitals / A&E departments are so massively stretched and exhausted when it’s near on impossible to get treatment or even just a 5 minute phone call. We are advised to visit our GP’s to take pressure off the hospitals, leading to no available appointments and being urged to contact 111, who will round robin you to attend A&E adding to the ever growing pressures. Massive shame.

Author: Piotr Telok
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m genuinely disappointed and concerned by the level of care and professionalism at this practice. In all my years of dealing with healthcare providers, I’ve never experienced such a lack of compassion, organisation, and accountability. After several days of trying to get through, I finally saw a doctor for severe lower back pain radiating to my legs. The doctor referred me to A&E, where I waited over five hours, only to be told to return to my GP for a fit note and ongoing care. When I returned to the practice that same day (around 15:58), I was told, through metal bars, “Call tomorrow at 8 a.m.” — no empathy, no flexibility, and no willingness to help, despite clearly explaining my situation and the urgency for a fit note required by my employer. The next morning, I called at 8 a.m. sharp and was 7th in the queue. Once again, I was told, “We’ve reached capacity.” When I questioned this, the receptionist claimed there were “six people answering phones.” To test this, I called the following day using both my phone and my wife’s — and our queue numbers went down in perfect sync (9th and 10th, then 5th and 6th, etc.). This clearly proves there aren’t multiple independent lines as stated, making the explanation misleading at best. This isn’t just poor service — it’s a complete breakdown of a system meant to support people when they’re unwell and vulnerable. Patients shouldn’t have to chase or beg for basic care or documentation after a hospital visit. I’ve now chosen to go private, as I’ve lost confidence in this practice’s ability to provide adequate care. It’s unacceptable that hardworking, tax-paying individuals who keep the NHS running are treated with such disregard. As a Google Local Guide with over 58,000 views, I share my experiences to help others make informed decisions. Sadly, based on what I’ve experienced, I cannot recommend this practice. I truly hope this feedback reaches management and prompts serious improvement, but until then, I strongly advise others to look elsewhere for genuine, compassionate medical support.

Author: duvas Jackson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Had appointment with Dr Gnu today, he diagnosed my rash ,very quickly and explained what had caused it ,also explained wat medication was prescribed and why . Very happy with the Dr ,as I've been suffering for two weeks!

Author: Effeh Sabah
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I am very happy for the care I received from Dr Ngu. He was very patient in what ever he does

Author: Mr Kanarya
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't even bother to register with this place, reception is rude ,they treat you like you are stupid and they don't listen to you, never have any appointments, they are lazy to do necessarily work.

Author: Peter Hopkinson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Ngu saw me today, excellent
