Practice: JOHN RYLE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C84081
Postcode: NG11 8EW
Google Maps title: John Ryle Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/John+Ryle+Medical+Practice/@52.9036529,-1.1788638,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879c28c5d0d0c35:0x909db11cda05a402!8m2!3d52.9036497!4d-1.1762835!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ptzdm4cl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84081-john-ryle-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: paul walters
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The admins are a disgrace. I'd been registered here for many years using my parents address. However, I went to hospital in a medical emergency and gave my home address, the surgery response to my medical emergency was to send me a letter telling me to get lost. When the first thing you hear when ringing them is a pre recorded message telling you not to abuse staff, that should be a red flag. If staff are abused so often that you feel it necessary to pre-empt it, surely at some point they have to self reflect and ask themselves 'maybe it's us?' On top of that, they have an unbelievably low bar for what they consider 'abusive'. Never had any complaints about the clinical staff. However, the admin staff should be ashamed of themselves, but I'd wager they aren't.

Author: Sindy McQuade
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have never had a problem getting an appointment when needed. The girls on reception are always polite and accommodating in what must be at times a very stressful job. They can only try their best

Author: Tom Roe
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tom Roe5 reviews6 months ago

Author: Jason Watmore
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great GP practice, really friendly reception team who are very helpful, always try to help or point in the right direction. Thanks very much.

Author: Cookie Monster
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
DO NOT GIVE YOUR PRESCRIPTION IN TO THE ONE WITH THE RED HAIR IT WILL DISAPPEAR! Iv had enough of this Iv never had a decent experience with this medical centre, when I ring which is next to never now because they speak to me like im an inconvenience and they speak over me and then stop me from speaking and while doing this they talk to me like im a piece of crap and like im bothering them for ringing. Iv never come across a place like this where I ring to try and sort my problem out and after a phone call with them I feel even worse. I'm sure one of there names are Debbie Buttler, and im going to find out the other receptionist names and hope to stop this behaviour and iv heard them talking about patients before when iv been in for a appointment they were laughing and giggling when someone came to ask a few questions about certain things and because they didnt know these certain things they started laughing at them when they walked away. I think with the way she talks that she is an actual doctor and that really is not the case. It's not right with the way they treat people they ask people not to treat them with any disrespect yet they disrespect patients all the time. It's cruel and sometimes they can hurt people's feelings for no reason what so ever just because they can, hopefully if enough people share there concern or situation if it is a bad one then they will sort this bad behaviour out something has to change clearly if they don't like this job then they should let a professional step in someone who likes to help people. I'm not sure but i think it's against the law to be talking or sharing people's extremely private information between people who does not have clearance with in this work place. They judge people on what it says on the medical record I.e mental health issues if you ring quite alot to try and sort it you can here how irritated they are on the phone it's horrible, ok more too add i thought it was getting better but clearly not!! God help you if your going on holiday or work away and I need to put my prescription in early I have to walk all the way down if she or whoever is sorting through them is in a bad mood its like they interrogate me about it, its terrible because I like the doctors they are great but having to put up with them first its such a put off !!!!!!

Author: Panda Pop
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ok well a good experience is not what I or any of my family or friends have recieved from this practice.. i have gone down there time after time put my prescriptions in 1 week early for me and my wife and it is a 50/50 chance that it will get done, the amount of times it has gone missing is unbelievable and if I complain this red hair lady always says well i havnt seen it or I dont know what happened to it even tho she said she is the one who sorts through them. She almost makes it sound like I havnt walked down there to put it in, it takes a toll on me when I have to speak to her she is rude she cuts in when im explaining why I need an appointment and I think because she doesn't like certain people she throws away there prescriptions or changes the day you put them in each month or makes you wait longer for appointments now I know im not the only person she does that too! Hopefully we will get a professional working there one day

Author: Sue McCarthy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Im so confused and starting to feel like im being messed around or targeted by one of the receptionist at john ryle I always get told there are never any appointments to ring back the next day and when I do all the appointments are gone so I have to do it all again, I got told by all of the reception staff to drop my prescription in 1 week early so I do but when I get there on certain days I drop mine and my daughters off, then the next month the older women with red hair will say I can't put it in, and then when I went for an appointment I heard her say to people yes you put it in a week early, then I asked again when do I put it in she said a week early I thought this was really odd and thought this is not professional and iv been reading the reviews and iv had alot of the same issues that people have mentioned in there reviews and it has always been the same women causing them not just me but my daughter and a few of my friends, I think she is unprofessional and quite rude hopefully this helps if my problems continue I think I may look into a complaint

Author: Linda M Moore-loving
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called and and made a telephone appointment. The doctor called me back within 40 mins. She was professional and I was quite happy with her treatment. I am new to the are and am happy I chose this practice.

Author: James
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to get a telephone appointment. I called up and enquired about creating an online account and was told to come down and collect a form. I went to the practice straight away only for them to tell me they don’t have any forms and I need to come back another day. Booked an appointment 2 weeks in advanced (after weeks of trying). It was not a sit and wait it was a specific time. 30 mins after my appointment time I ask how long the delay is and I’m told all appointments are sit and wait. Finally see the doctor who in fairness was good. I’ve been referred for 2 different scans and received 2 texts today from John Ryle with numbers and extensions to call, with a warning to do it within the next 3 days. First number the extension I was given was so out of date that no one had heard of it, and I was told they don’t have my referral yet and to call back in 2 days, even though John Ryle said I must book in the next 3 days. Call the second number, automated message that for the scan I need I do not need to call, they will write out to me. Unfortunately every aspect of my interactions with this surgery (other than the actual doctor) have been painful and verging on incompetent.

Author: Raebabyxx Stokes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Incompetent staff, given it’s a doctors where mainly ill people go the level of respect and understanding is nill. All I can say is AVIOD AT ALL COST
