Practice: LEEN VIEW SURGERY
Canonical code: C84043
Postcode: NG6 8QJ
Google Maps title: Leen View Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 130
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Leen+View+Surgery/@52.9976654,-1.1994688,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879ea87661d6577:0xaabf3c86517b903b!8m2!3d52.9976622!4d-1.1968885!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vv2rs5k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84043-leen-view-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mayzin Han
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Quite possibly one of the worst GP surgeries I’ve ever had the displeasure of experiencing. There’s little point in ringing up at 8am as there are no appointments available. Or so they say! The only way to get an appointment is by ringing 111 who will then basically force this surgery to give you a slot. One time though, I nearly had a quinsy and I rang 111 who put me through to Leen View. Who told me they were closing at 12pm! Even 111 were shocked. Incompetent surgery. The doctors and nurses seem decent. It’s more the general management of this place that SUCKS. Some of the receptionists are okay but a few look miserable, like they’re hating life and are determined to pass that feeling onto you as well

Author: Sarah Campbell
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up dead on 8am this morning to book an appointment for my brother who is suffering from really bad abdominal pain surprise surprise no appointment available yet they tell you to ring at 8am to book an appointment so obviously they are giving appointments out sooner than 8am in the morning no wonder the hospitals are full you see 23 people a day its absolutely disgusting your open till 6pm you can see alot more people what's point ringing up at 8am

Author: Michelle Lewis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery really needs to be a minus 1!! It is a disgrace from the terrible reception staff to the diabolical don't care Dr's. It needs a really good shake up

Author: Jean Speirs
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was persuaded to have statins ( never wanted them) followed the instructions, 1 every other day. After 5 tablets felt weird. Took a letter to give to the doctor explaining why I wouldn't take any more and the reason why. Receptionist, NOT medically trained, read letter( despite being addressed the doctor) WHY! and said I needed an appointment, (I didn't). I've also got better things to do than hang on the phone for ages to be told all appointments gone. I was trying to help the system by giving the doctor information that they could then decide on the next step. I am happy with a phone call/ text. Why would I use an appointment that would be used by someone who really needed it? Really unhappy, letter will be scanned into my notes - read when Needs a triage person to sort this.

Author: Cara Evans
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cara Evans3 months ago

Author: Andrea Carpenter
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank the doctors and staff at this surgery. I have a chronic condition and all the staff have been very considerate and kind when trying to help me. Unfortunately, I am unable to name all of the individual staff who have been helping me - but Dr Batstone and Dr Naqvi have been very professional and patient in their effots to support me.

Author: Christine Butt
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wait on the phone is ridiculous. When you get through told there aren't any appointments They keep messing up my repeat prescription requests and I have to chase them for my meds Don't know how they were rated good by the CQC

Author: Kerry Mason
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waiting for my notes then I'm leaving this practice. Absolutely awful experience. Being treated for a condition I dont have for 7 years and cant answer the questions to my answer because they don't know appalling. Being lied to and pulled from pillar to post spoken to in a disrespectful manner. Sent for unnecessary test. This place is happy to give you a prescription for indigestion when you have a serve Migraine and depression pills if you have serve stomach pain. Avoid at all cost if you want to keep your sanity, it's a joke of a practice with a lot of Dr Doolittles and dont get me started on the nurses. This world is so cruel and unkind get rid of the useless NHS practices like this. If you have used this useless place you have been warned.

Author: Formy Plays
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
honestly if i could rate this doctors lower than 1 star i would!! never any help when calling!! and then when you finally get through! I'm not one for ringing but when i do need to get checked it because im stubborn and waited ages then call and can never get an appointment and always told to ring tomoz yet call at 8 wait an hour to get through and no appointments again!! i also call on behalf of my elder grandparents because its easier if i do it and exactly the same!! staff never give help and always a "no care attitude!" honestly a disgraceful practice!! Doctors are no better as went three times in 6 weeks (which is the most ive been in 10 years) to get a rash (serious rash on my arm, nothing little otherwise i wouldnt waste my own time or the doctors) sorted out and given different diagnosis every single time yet when i seen Lizzie she got it bang on and sorted striaght away with the right meds and healed propely which 3 doctors couldnt do! 1.9 star rating is too high for this place! needs a serious restructure, the staff, the system is awful!! and the online appointment setup is a massive joke!!! how this place is being managed is a disgrace!

Author: Cheryl Baber
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had to contact the doctors yesterday first time since the system change and I must say how much better it was. Rang at 8am 17 in queue pressed 1 for a call back and got an appointment for 9am.
