Practice: DEER PARK FAMILY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C84044
Postcode: NG8 2GR
Google Maps title: Deer Park Family Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 94
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Deer+Park+Family+Medical+Practice/@52.9492544,-1.2335361,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDEER+PARK+FAMILY+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+NG8+2GR!3m8!1s0x4879e98c88a20e33:0x5f5cbf08043eed25!8m2!3d52.9491957!4d-1.2309899!9m1!1b1!15sCilERUVSIFBBUksgRkFNSUxZIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgTkc4IDJHUpIBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1vc_pwwn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84044-deer-park-family-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: esperanza orozco
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
esperanza orozco15 photosa month ago

Author: Sanny D
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Was sent home from work Dec 1st 2025 as felt very unwell. Got PM appt to see one of the Dr whom been there for such along time to were they just fab me off with dizziness 😩 Left very disappointed and still feeling unwell. Made another appt to see another Dr 2 days after was told it might be TIA which it did turn out to be mini stroke as it show on the MRI scan. This all could been avoided if the 1st Dr just listened.. Went back to see the Dr whom really save my life and mention 1st Dr whom been there such a long time that they should listen to PATIENTS not fab them off. Not all the Dr's at the surgery are Conscious Bias just that ONE! Not going to mention their names. The 5 star 🌟 is for the Dr whom save my life..

Author: Rachel Denham
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Sharpar was dismissive, rude and completely negligent to me as a patient and quite frankly as a human being. I was told to “hurry up” one minute into a consultation, during which I was speaking about my family history of cancer. What an absolute disgrace. She dismissed my concerns, stating they were my problem and only when I threatened to complain about her did she do her job to retrieve my smear test results. Deeply disturbed by what I experienced today.

Author: Katie May
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Not impressed the booking system is awful they change the times you're meant to ring and don't tell you til you've been on hold over half an hour and some receptions like to fob you off saying its emergency appointments only today call back tomorrow and when I did call the next day they said the same thing. Actual doctors are okay, some of them don't seem that bothered about helping you though. I'm looking at changing to one in Bramcote which has been recommended.

Author: Mike Parker
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was delighted to see Deer Park have a new very efficient phone service for booking appointments. It was answered by Mandy, who knew who I was and was a joy to deal with. In conjunction with Dr Tuttey, she quickly helped me with what was needed and it was a very impressive all round service. Great to see such outstanding client service. And thank you!

Author: Jacob
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is fantastic, receptionists are always straight to the point and friendly, and helpful when needs be. Dr Tao is brilliant, he's very direct and thorough in understanding the problem. I can't see him being dismissive at all like others have suggested, I'd assume a lot of people waste doctors time, and that's where it comes from. I've been with mental health and balance issues recently, and I've had doctors in the past completely ignore the mental health, but he gave me a referral straight away. Only issue I've had is with one doctor, I forget her name, I went with a nose bleed I'd had the previous day and it turned into fat shaming me, talking about BMI (BMI is way, way off when you lift and are somewhat muscular), took my blood pressure with some pocket watch looking thing and then sent me on my way. I think she meant well, but it really didn't help at the time. Anyway, ignore the other reviews in my opinion, if you're understanding that they're busy, they're working hard, they're stressed, and you're not rude to them (from what I've seen most people are very rude and impatient while I've been in there) then they'll extend you the same courtesy.

Author: Malani
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kind, empathetic and extremely helpful! The receptionists are incredible, they went above and beyond to resolve my problems. Nothing was too much trouble and I felt listened to.My Dr is wonderful and takes time to listen and then work through the problems carefully. I would thoroughly recommend Deer Park and cannot praise them enough!

Author: Hasan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
HasanLocal Guide · 4 reviews · 540 photosa year ago

Author: Dipesh Bharadia
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible service. Went to see them about an ongoing medical condition telling them my symptoms were getting worse and I was in more pain. Doctor asked me what I would like him todo about it! I’m not a doctor stupid I came to see you to help no help given just told to take more tablets requested new mri was instantly refused!!! It’s like they don’t care about the patients or there symptoms

Author: Nina Mold
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Nina Mold10 reviews · 1 photoa year ago
