Practice: CHURCHSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C84020
Postcode: NG18 1QB
Google Maps title: Churchside Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 122
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Churchside+Medical+Practice/@53.14697,-1.2039652,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879bdf4b84ec34b:0x9e92b2a93b01569!8m2!3d53.1469668!4d-1.2013849!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3wc691?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84020-churchside-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michelle Brown
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
My other half has had 5 of his 6 vitamin B12 injections and asked me to post that he cannot give any of the staff at Churchside Medical Practice any negative feedback at all. He says the reception staff, nurses and assistants have been professional and excellent throughout. All his appointments have been on time and procedures explained by staff. Thank you all.

Author: Mrs G
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't recommend at all can never get an appointment . Also they cancel appointments 40 min before ur scheduled appointment via text

Author: Emma Barnett
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the service at this GP surgery. For the past two weeks, I have tried every single day to get an appointment for my husband, only to be told that all appointments for the day are gone and to “try again tomorrow.” Receptionists are unable to book appointments in advance, which makes it almost impossible to plan or secure the care you need. I was also told that a message would be passed on to the doctor, only to later discover that this had not been done. Communication like this is completely unacceptable. My husband is still waiting for his blood test results, and last week they refused to see my son when he was unwell. We are not people who frequently use the GP, but recently my husband and son have needed medical attention. I have been registered at this practice for 36 years and have never known it to be this bad. It feels as though the surgery has taken on more patients than it can manage. After speaking with other local surgeries, we were told this situation is shocking and that they would never repeatedly turn patients away like this. The booking system is clearly no longer working. Sadly, I will be leaving this surgery as soon as I possibly can.

Author: Mrs ellen Renshaw
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mrs ellen Renshaw2 months ago

Author: Nico G
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered with this surgery for four years, and unfortunately the last two have been extremely disappointing. There has been a lot of staff turnover, and every time I call, the information I receive varies depending on who answers the phone. One day I’m told one thing, the next day something completely different—usually in a way that benefits them, not the patient. Follow-up on appointments and blood tests is almost nonexistent. I have personally delivered the same letter to the surgery three separate times since August, and now, in November, I am still waiting for it to be addressed, along with the blood test and follow-up I urgently need. How is this considered acceptable care? I submitted a complaint, only to be told it would take 21 days to investigate and respond. Another 21 days—on top of months of waiting—feels like a joke. The level of organisation and patient care has drastically declined. If it were possible to give this surgery a rating lower than zero, I absolutely would !

Author: Chloe Maycock
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude staff, impossible to get through on phones. Tell you off when you book appointments on the app even when they advise you to do so

Author: Kirsty Leonardi
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s almost impossible to get an appointment. Regularly call at 8am to have the automated phone line tell me there’s already no appointments?! And the phone line queue is already full therefore just kicks you off the phone and hangs up. At 8:01 today there were no appointments? I just don’t understand how in 1 minute every single appointment is taken up. Will be moving to another surgery. Enough is enough. Here’s hoping not all surgery’s are like this. The drs and nurses are lovely and the treatment you receive if you ever actually get an appointment is always fantastic. However getting an appointment is almost impossible these days. Infact, in recent times, Iv had to ring 111 and they have managed to somehow make me an appointment at the drs. So there’s abit of advice for you. If you seriously do need an appointment, don’t waste your time ringing because any time after 8:01 there’s no appointments, just ring 111.

Author: Waldemar Malak
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Having a really high BP I cannot request additional medication prescription for myself, as tried for three days in a row to registed for an appointment. They have stopped putting up appointments on their website, you have to come 7.30AM earliest in the morning (good luck driving or walking with over 211/149 BP), or use telephone serice, which can put you in the queue as you are 4th something patient at 8:01 in the morning...

Author: Taylor Blower
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In recent times this GP has changed how they do appointments and clearly it is not working as no one ever seems to be able to get an appointment both myself and my family members have been calling for months - receptionists can't help. We are all looking to change now even the drs are great and acknowledge it's bad but no one is actually doing anything about it and people are suffering - it's bad when you have to ring 111 and say you've been ringing your GP for months and now you really are worse off because of it - would not recommend!

Author: Toffer J
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Toffer J1 reviewEdited 7 months ago
