Practice: NEWTHORPE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C84131
Postcode: NG16 3HU
Google Maps title: Newthorpe Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Newthorpe+Medical+Centre/@53.0125102,-1.3011983,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879eb6153de7317:0x919789b2642ce500!8m2!3d53.012507!4d-1.298618!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cs5mqtmb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84131-newthorpe-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Name Anonymised
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Name Anonymised2 reviews · 2 photos3 days ago New

Author: Margaret Oates Oates
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve just got my friends to finally move to Newthorpe medical centre . As I thought first class service , thank you to all of the staff x

Author: George F
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I can only give a maximum of 3 stars for Newthorpe Medical Centre because the standard of care has sadly declined to a worrying level. I had been a patient here for almost 19 years and used to consider it an excellent surgery, but in recent years the quality and consistency of care has dropped significantly. First of all, I want to say I have nothing but praise for the nurses, healthcare assistants and most of the reception team. They have always been kind, professional and helpful. My issues lie specifically with aspects of GP care and communication. The communication between the GP and hospital specialists has been extremely poor, to the point of being unsafe. My neurologist sent multiple letters over several months requesting that my epilepsy medication be added to my repeat prescriptions. Despite repeated phone calls from me and reassurance from the practice that it would be “sorted”, it never was. This left me repeatedly running out of essential epilepsy medication, relying on emergency 111 prescriptions, and at risk of seizures, ambulances and hospital admissions. Only after months of stress and pushing did the medication finally get added to repeats. This was not a minor admin error, it was a patient safety issue that could have had serious consequences. Secondly, there has been a noticeable decline in empathy and willingness to properly investigate concerns. There is a tendency to dismiss symptoms as anxiety, weight related or “because of your age”, without considering family history, comorbidities or previous symptoms. Once a label like “psychosomatic” is placed in your notes, it feels like you are no longer treated as a credible patient. That kind of labelling not only undermines trust but actively prevents people from seeking help when they genuinely need it. I have found myself feeling embarrassed to call the GP, worried I won’t be taken seriously, even when dealing with measurable clinical issues. Healthcare should feel safe and supportive. Instead, I have often felt dismissed, judged and unheard. I should not have to argue to be taken seriously, especially when my health history and objective readings justify concern. This makes me genuinely sad to write, as this surgery has looked after me my entire life. But patients deserve to feel listened to, respected and cared for, not made to feel like an inconvenience. I genuinely hope Newthorpe reflects on feedback like this, because the community needs a surgery that patients can trust.

Author: Kate Boulton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My sister's health improved exponentially when she moved to this area in 2016 and joined this practise. I cannot praise them highly enough.

Author: Ophelia Ho
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was a patient at this practice for years, and I feel it’s important to warn others about the level of unsafe clinical care I experienced. After being discharged from ICU, the practice removed ALL of my asthma medications from repeat without any discussion: both my preventer inhaler and my reliever inhaler. This left me without essential medication for weeks. My symptoms escalated, and I ended up requiring antibiotics and steroids with no proper follow-up. When I transferred to a new clinic, the pharmacist there immediately reinstated all my medication and expressed shock that a patient with a recent ICU stay had been left without a preventer or reliever inhaler. He described the situation as “dangerous,” which unfortunately matches my experience. I tried repeatedly to explain my symptoms, but I felt dismissed every time. The modern asthma plan the clinic promotes was not applied to me at all. Instead, I was left unmonitored, unsupported, and at risk. I hope this review helps prevent the same thing happening to someone else. I have safely moved my care elsewhere and finally feel listened to.

Author: Graham Thoburn
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Graham Thoburn7 reviews5 months ago

Author: Julia Janova
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
UNPROFESSIONAL ROBOTIC CONVERSATION with no emphaty or at least little bit of willingness to help. NHS please stop hiring staff like that. My 1 year old banged her head on Friday and had a big lump and a swelling on her forhead. We were abroad at that time and the hospitals refused to see us due to not having a health insurance. I called up this morning to book and appointment to see the GP so he can check everything to make sure there is no serious damages. Usually my experience at that practice is good. However, this morning the receptionist was trying to find every reason not to book her in. We been told if it's lump or bruise it will go away she doesn't need to be seen. I have tried to explain the importamce of being checked by a health professional. She claimed she can't book me in if Im not in the same country. I have explained I will be in the UK within 2 hours so she can book me in as Im literaly boarding the plane now. She has refused. After more beggings she than claimed that it's no point being seen at the practice as they don't have the right clinical equipment to chcek her such a scan and etc. The receptionist WITHOUT BEING CLINICLY TRAINED!!!! or at least asking me to send some photos over so she can get an advise from the GP. She has made her own decision that we don't need an appointment therefore, she will not book us in. Very exhausting conversation with that lady. I do get if she would just want to advise me in my baby's best interest however, she just tried to find every excuse not to book her in. It doesn't take alot to be nice or to advise patients with kindness. Especially for a NHS receptionist is it the main skill she should have and tried to be abit more empathic and professional. Receptionist main job is to book in patients with the GP so GP can asses/ review and not the receptionist!!

Author: c d
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mix up over appointment today. Sympathetically and professionally sorted today to help me. Thank you I really appreciate it.

Author: Bob S
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned for a doctors appointment and receptionist said earliest appointment is a telephone appointment 10 days away. Receptionist only took name and asked no questions regarding why I needed an appointment. Do any doctors actually work there? Poor service or just poor training given to the receptionist.

Author: -
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing GP. Nothing it too much trouble. The receptionists are kind and helpful, you don’t have to wait long on the phone to get through to someone. Appointments aren’t difficult to get either, typically offering a f2f/ follow up appointment the same week- I called up on Friday for an appointment and was offered one for the upcoming Monday! GP’s are thorough, caring and listen to your concerns. A very efficient and brilliant GP, the best I’ve had!
