Practice: MILLVIEW SURGERY
Canonical code: C84106
Postcode: NG18 5PF
Google Maps title: Mill View Surgery
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mill+View+Surgery/@53.1444873,-1.2053335,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879bdf4618279e7:0xdb1c8f56d533e48b!8m2!3d53.1444841!4d-1.2027532!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vlk12hm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84106-millview-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Pure Klenz
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely incompetent and surprised they are still open. The average rating says it all. Should be investigated more thoroughly for competency from all staff. Especially the doctors. The overall rating speaks for itself.

Author: Janette Whitchurch
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Would give 0 stars if I could so unfortunately have to give 1 Star. Avoid this GP practice folks. Receptionists don't give a stuff about patients. Rang up at 8am to be informed by a recorded message that 'they had reached the maximum safe capacity so no more appointments today' !! Couldn't make it up could you. Wonder what doctors with this practice do all day. Must sit twiddling their thumbs all day cos they certainly aren't seeing any patients. Probably max of 2 if their feeling generous. When you do actually get to actually get an appointment with the GP your lucky if there is more than 3 patients waiting to see the GP. Also can never seem to see the same GP. Different one every time. Useless docters. And as for the Receptionists, crikey. Barrel of laughs. All need to book a course on how to be pleasant, polite and friendly. You even have to book yourself in when you walk through the main sliding door. Mmm often wonder what the Receptionists are actually doing. Probably scrolling through facebook or tik tok cos there certainly not booking patients in.

Author: Hgi Jo
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hgi Jo5 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Leza Coupe
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The service is broken. Firstly the answerphone says press 0 to hold and it immediately cuts you off. When you finally get through after 28 minutes, there's no appointments left. 7 phone calls in the last 16 days and no appointments on any, when you finally get through. The answerphone needs amending. It says you can attend the walk in at King's Mill. There is no walk in at King's Mill. You clark in like everyone else and sit and wait to be triaged like everyone else. The triage nurse decides your next course of action. Millview Surgery needs a serious review of it's practice!

Author: maureen kelly
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't know how supposed to get an appointment, ive phoned and phoned cant get through, eventually did only to get an automated message which told me to press a number to get a call back and no-one ever did, gone down hill rapid over last few months, the receptionist is so rude as well

Author: jordan standell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
jordan standell6 reviews · 2 photos4 months ago

Author: Forid Ahmad
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's a very bad service by GPS I had called them for last 6 days for a appointment thay always is fully booked even thay say call at 8am still the same result The appointment is for my child who has a bleeding from he's mouth and nose also been sick for 3 time with the blood at the same time I took him to emergency they asked me why don't I took him to my GP for check up (Sorry for my English is not the best) I don't really no what to do

Author: Justina Golubevaite
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m pregnant and have had discharge for two weeks. I called the surgery but couldn’t get an appointment to see a doctor. The receptionist was rude and unhelpful, which made me feel even worse. I’m worried and disappointed because I needed to be checked. It’s not right to be treated like this, especially during pregnancy!

Author: Donna Quigley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Alot of the doctors here do not care about their patients. A couple of the doctors are not qualified enough to deal with some conditions. Better to go to A &E.

Author: Becky Massey
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is an absolute disgrace. I have rang several times to be told no. They told me to go to the walk in centre at A&E which I did waited hours to be told they don't deal with my problem there and that I need to book in with my GP for a full health check and bloods. So I rang my GP at 7.58am then 7.59am said engaged then at 8am to be told that there is no appointments for that day. They don't open till 8am so not quite sure how they managed to fully book in a min. I then rang again to be told i was number 15 in queue receptionist answered couldnt hear me proper so put phone down striaght away did not give me chance to repeat myself. Rang again was number 7 in the queue Spoke to someone about rebooking an appointment due to what the medical centre said to be told I can get a phone call at the end of aug. I said I've been told to request full health check and that you can't have one over the phone so she said well you have to ring up daily. I said I have to be constantly rejected the reply I got was you can't have what we havnt got in a snotty manner .Also I rang to ask for an appointment to be told no they havnt got any then asked what is the problem. If no appointments why ask. The receptionist take it upon themselves to decide if your appointment deserves a booking. Very rude receptionists
