Practice: BRAMCOTE SURGERY
Canonical code: C84112
Postcode: NG9 3HF
Google Maps title: Bramcote Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 37
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bramcote+Surgery/@52.9363861,-1.2490491,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879e99ec2505bcf:0x8787ccf14dd39aa3!8m2!3d52.9363829!4d-1.2464688!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfq8rpv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84112-bramcote-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dust Busters Cleaning
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Having a serious breakdown, harmful thoughts, struggling, managed to get to the gp, 8 minutes late, there was no one at the front desk, finally got someone to check me in. I was turned down, begged cried to speak to the doctor for just 5 minutes, was rejected. I received the “did not attend” message while standing at the reception and it was not yet 10 minutes (please see email) The receptionist declined twice to ask the GP if I could get 5 minutes in her words she already knows how GP’s are. It’s sad because I had mentioned when booking about really struggling, it’s weird how these are the people we have to rely on. I totally understand GP’s are human and probably had a tough day but I pray God puts it in your heart to be more caring, show more empathy and be more humane. I’m still struggling and will appreciate help. The doctor’s initial is - MB

Author: Mark Toppin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mark ToppinLocal Guide · 89 reviews · 5 photosa month ago

Author: Julie Ellerby
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bramcote Surgery has a fantastic team all around from doctors, nurses and receptionist. They welcome you with a warm smile and you can also have a great laugh with them .

Author: intel intello
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice respectful and helpful staff.

Author: Shoni
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am very concerned about the level of care I have received from Dr. Hopwood. Despite attending the surgery on several occasions with ongoing health issues, no meaningful action has been taken. On one visit, he acknowledged that there was inflammation, yet no treatment was prescribed and I was sent home without further guidance. I have found his manner to lack empathy and his approach dismissive of my concerns. This is extremely troubling, and I believe it needs further investigation to ensure patients receive the appropriate standard of care. I have taken the executive decision to move surgery’s for my own health and wellbeing.

Author: space jam happymeal
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dr Hopwood hasn't done much about my health complications rather than pass me for referrals. My symptoms have worsened. I won't deny I have a difficult condition

Author: Kathy Chan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Hopwood done nothing to help as usual. Although I have chest pain and high blood pressure record last week. He even doesn’t look at my blood pressure record . Just tell me to wait for the hospital appointment and see what’s happening and the cardiologist will figure it out . He doing nothing every time, is really bad that I have to stay in this GP practice with this kind of doctor.I don’t understand why NHS do nothing for this although so many bad experiences comment about him ?

Author: Fiona Chan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
3 weeks ago, I’m in a very dangerous condition! Luckily I meet Dr Hopwood and Bramcote Surgery Nurses and staff , they are all professional and service with care about patients! I’m really have great experience with them ! Once a again thank you so much to safe my life

Author: Cecilia Flores
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I recommend avoiding Dr Hopwood. I had a complex health issue I kept reporting. My symptoms continued and were getting worst and worst. I got no advice, no referrals to see a consultant, no further tests, nothing. I was treated like a hysterical women, when I felt my worst. Dr Hopwood didn't care to help and look further to understand what the cause of my symptoms was. I had to take my medical issue outside the clinic to finally get diagnosed and get medical treatment. The worst position to put a patient in is treating them with no empathy and care when they are ill.

Author: Ada Kowalska
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery used to be very good now no help not even advice given, depends who you see but usually its no advice , no prescription and nothing to be done about something, or the doctor doesn't even see the obvious problem there is, treating only symptoms not caring about the cause, we were lucky today we got a number to book an x-ray ourselves and a txt message with a cream name to use. So dr Hopwood is definately someone to avoid there at all cost if you care about your health at all because he doesn't
