Practice: THE MEDICAL CENTRE - ZULU ROAD
Canonical code: C84151
Postcode: NG7 7DS
Google Maps title: The Medical Centre
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Medical+Centre/@52.9767603,-1.1752761,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879c1be493c98f9:0x7262f3214847e46f!8m2!3d52.9767571!4d-1.1726958!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcvtcqp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84151-the-medical-centre-zulu-road.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Diane Lowton
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery many years and have always found them to be very professional and more so recently. Reception staff always pleasant and had no bad experience with anyone. Today I rang at 8am got an appointment for 9am and had collected tablets and on my way home by 9.25. That is what I call excellent service.

Author: Explore
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctor Irfan. Arrogance in her words. Not listening to what the medical issues with me instead saying take pain killers. Visited the GP center couple of times unfortunately I got this doctor on both times, I am changing the GP bcoz of the behavior the doctor

Author: Jadien Liona
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctor was half an hour late for my appointment, then calls me in and a receptionist says will you excuse me a minute whilst talking to the doctor delaying it another 5/10 mins whilst there’s a waiting room full of patients waiting to be seen. Due to her being late I felt although she was trying to rush the appointment, not listen to what I was saying and try and put words into my mouth about how I feel and my pain which was not true. I received a medical report with her stating information I never mentioned, I said I live with my children and she’s added the fact I live with my husband (I am not even married - so she’s obviously assumed due to me having children) , said my pain has “got better” when I never said that I said it’s very painful and causes migraines too which impacts with life and work and asked for advise, she said she’s not my personal GP so cannot give any medical advise but then states on the report I said the pain has got better and doesn’t impact my daily life Very unprofessional, went there once and never again would I go there again! DO NOT RECOMMEND!

Author: Mehran Amiri
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The most professional doctor I’ve ever seen. Instead of telling me what to do, they actually asked me what I thought should be done, what I would write, and what I would prescribe. It was the first time I genuinely felt like I was the doctor and they were the patient. If you’d like to experience that level of trust and confidence yourself, you can go here, the worst experience in my life

Author: Dgm Ink
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst medical centre, 0 professional. I can’t believe that, they don’t know anything about medicine and also the symptoms.. what the heck!!

Author: Tokiyo Fontaine
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist was rude, put the phone down and didn't call back

Author: Reza Yousefi
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception staff were professional and welcoming, but my experience with physiotherapy has been very disappointing. On one occasion, I arrived 8 minutes late due to traffic. Because of this, the physiotherapist refused to check both my knee and arm, and I received no treatment at all. Today, I had another appointment but received no reminder or notification, so I unfortunately forgot to attend. About 15 minutes later, the physiotherapist called me. When I tried to record the call for my own reference, he became rude, hung up on me, and cancelled my appointment. This behaviour felt very unprofessional and has left me extremely disappointed. I hope the clinic can improve its approach by showing more understanding when patients are slightly late, sending proper reminders for appointments, and maintaining a professional and respectful manner in all communications. These small changes could make a big difference for future patients

Author: Lynette Fisher
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I find this drs very helpful and understanding my dr closed down an was worried about changing drs but I'm so glad these are my drs now have done more for me then my other dr ever did reception staff are very understanding and are never rude they listen and try to help

Author: Fabian Markowski
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Fabian Markowski1 review7 months ago

Author: Isabelle S.
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The reception staff were professional, friendly, and welcoming. The GP I saw was approachable and genuinely understanding. I was initially hesitant due to some negative reviews, but my own experience has been positive, suggesting they’re making improvements. Plus, they’re accepting new patients, which is a bonus.
