Practice: THE IVY MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: C84646
Postcode: NG14 5BG
Google Maps title: The Ivy Medical Group
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 32
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Ivy+Medical+Group/@52.9873163,-1.042135,18z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+IVY+MEDICAL+GROUP+NG14+5BG!3m8!1s0x4879c65a86cb88bf:0x1c67a8ae2e2c4c6d!8m2!3d52.9873163!4d-1.0397532!9m1!1b1!15sCh5USEUgSVZZIE1FRElDQUwgR1JPVVAgTkcxNCA1QkeSARVwdWJsaWNfbWVkaWNhbF9jZW50ZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6_l942?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84646-the-ivy-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emily Godfrey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
⭐ 1 star Absolutely appalling behaviour from the doctors and staff. My father rang simply to enquire about his medication — a basic, reasonable question that any patient should be able to ask. During the call, staff clearly believed he had hung up, and proceeded to speak about him in a disgusting and unprofessional manner, including calling him an “arsehole” and making other derogatory remarks. This wasn’t a misunderstanding or a poor bedside manner — it was outright disrespect. Hearing medical professionals speak about a patient like that is shocking and completely unacceptable. It raises serious concerns about how patients are treated when they’re not “on the line.” Healthcare staff are meant to show compassion, professionalism, and basic human decency. What we experienced was the exact opposite. No apology, no accountability — just behaviour that would be unacceptable in any workplace, let alone a medical setting. I would strongly advise others to think twice before trusting this practice with their care or that of their loved ones.

Author: Katrina Wilson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Words absolutely fail me as to how awful this surgery is. The Dr is brilliant, but if it was not for the Dr I would leave in an instant. You can never get through on the telephone, you can never get an appointment within a reasonable time frame and, quite frankly, they are either shambolic as an outfit and make mistake after mistake or, even worse, they simply lie to you to. Best advice - go ANYWHERE but here.

Author: Uwase Hadidja
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This Ivy Medical Group has badly service. Very poor😏 all the time you call they send you to walk in Is like no Dr in this Gp you have very bad system …

Author: Janet Johnson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience with ivy medical has always been positive . From the receptionists to the doctors excellent..

Author: Navin Kumra
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an ankle issue, filled out an online form, was sent a link the same day and was able to book an appointment with a great Physio, Chris W for the following morning! Great advice and care plan sent electronically before I got home!! Great service

Author: Margaretha Donnelly
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Like many other reviewers, if I could give this surgery 0 stars, I would. They ‘cared’ for my brother in law when he was sent home on palliative care. They visited him twice. Once when he had a huge seizure, but refused to be taken to hospital due to his poor treatment at NUH. I asked the GP to prescribe anti-seizure medication & his response was he would need to refer to a neurologist, this was to a dying man who was not expected to live more than a month. As anyone knows, a response to a referral takes months, which my brother in law did not have. My advice to anyone who lives in burton Joyce, look elsewhere for a GP.

Author: Maggie McNamara
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Excellent experience over the last month. Responsive and thoughtful care. I really appreciate the current service.

Author: Mark gaffney
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you are lucky and get to see a doctor they are perfectly fine, but more often than not you will wait for 2 days and then receive a message telling you to do one and go to a walk in centre. Very poor.

Author: Simon Coll
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Simon Coll10 months ago

Author: M W
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
For anyone considering joining this practice I would look elsewhere. They are clearly so over subscribed that they are totally negligent to the point of dangerous. My 6 month old daughter had an infection which they prescribed antibiotics from a photo three days after me calling, two days after having not gotten better I called again and was met with “well if you’re so bothered, take her to a and e” I took her to a and e and within two hours she’d gone under general aesthetic and had to sign a disclaimer she may loose a limb due to the infection not being looked at sooner. I have also on two separate occasions been hospitalised due to triage not deeming an ongoing issue with the potential to go septic (mastitis) to enough of a priority. I have now had no choice but to purchase pre emptive antibiotics abroad incase it happens again having been told “you need to be seen every time you have it so can’t prescribe you anything” and then not seeing me for 4 days. Reception staff have always been reasonable to me, can’t say that same about the rest. And don’t bother requesting private work (needed a form signing for work) as they will sit you in a wait list for 6 months before sending a you a letter saying at the end of the 6 months “we’re too busy so we’re not doing it” Avoid like the plague
