Practice: WEST OAK SURGERY
Canonical code: C84696
Postcode: NG3 6EW
Google Maps title: West Oak Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Oak+Surgery/@52.9814354,-1.1096234,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWEST+OAK+SURGERY+NG3+6EW!3m8!1s0x4879c1314d33b903:0x6840945aad0c21d9!8m2!3d52.9812813!4d-1.1066573!9m1!1b1!15sChhXRVNUIE9BSyBTVVJHRVJZIE5HMyA2RVeSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc523fkv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84696-west-oak-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Suzan Brown
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I attended the surgery today with a knee problem. Rhianan the physio was so knowledgeable kind and friendly. She is a credit to the surgery. Susan Caine.

Author: Colin Richardson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Colin Richardson2 weeks ago New

Author: Justyna Maria
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
(The review below relates *exclusively* to the FCP clinic with Rhianan . If i was able to score it on its own I'd have given it 5 stars. Unfortunately, the same can't be said about the general practice hence 2 stars only.) I was referred by my GP to the internal physiotherapy clinic and attended my appointment today. The physiotherapist I saw-Rhianan-was absolutely outstanding. She made me feel very comfortable from the start and was extremely thorough in her assessment. During the physical examination of my painful leg, she remained professional and reassuring, which made the whole experience much easier. She quickly identified the likely cause of the issue and explained everything clearly, using helpful visuals to make sure I understood what was happening. She answered all my questions and provided a clear action plan, including a realistic timeframe for improvement. Her 'bedside manner' was excellent — calm, knowledgeable, and genuinely caring. I felt listened to and confident in the plan we agreed.

Author: Tammy Rose
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking. Ring for a same day appointment to be told all appointments have gone. I then ring a few weeks later currently 20 weeks pregnant been told by pharmacist I need to speak to a doctor to be told we are at capacity it would have to be walk in centre. They just constantly fob you off telling you to go walk in centre. When I finally get better I will be moving doctors to hopefully a much more helpful one as these don’t even seem to reg and help you

Author: Si R
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve never really had to use the surgery much but recently have had to contact them a few times. My experience so far is that receptionists take the default position of assuming you are an idiot, being argumentative and condescending in their approach, and not demonstrating any sort of empathy with what could potentially be a troublesome time people who contact their surgery might be going through.

Author: Belinda Clifford
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
My daughter is very ill and we need a home visit, initially the process of getting one was long and difficult but I was happy when the doctor agreed to visit at midday today. However at 12.10 - 10 minutes after the appointment was due, I received a call from the surgery explaining the doctor had called in sick and could a doctor come out tomorrow instead? I should have received this call first thing in the morning surely! I explained I had taken the day off work and lost a full day of income especially for the appointment so could they give me a time for tomorrow as I'm not in a financial position to take another full day off and have commitments. So apparently a doctor will call me another time even though the crisis team have already informed the doctor this is a priority appointment.

Author: Martin Hill
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist was very unhelpful and patronising. Tried to book an appointment, silly me thinking I could see a doctor. Receptionist kicked the can down the road and offered an appointment two weeks down the line. Was offered a number to a crisis team. Following that was told gp will be in touch. 5 days later still waiting. Thanks for making a bad situation so much worse. Not even worthy of one star rating

Author: Philip Marshall
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Over the past two weeks I have had a lot of contact with Becky a receptionist What a very helpful person she has been Shown me complete empathy with my illness and explained what I needed to to with compassion and caring Thanks to her I have spoken to the doctor and hopefully my issues will be cured BECKY is an asset to westoak Thank you very much

Author: Dominic Burke
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Once again I phoned up at 8am to be told there is no appointments. They only had 3 to give out today and I was told go too the walk in centre (an easy option for them not to see people) I have only ever phoned up 3 times in 4 years as I try my best not to go but the times I have they never have appointments. I even stressed this time my 22month old child is recovering from a chest infection that turned to pneumonia and has spent the last 5 days in hospital and that I didn’t want to pass anything onto him as he is still very weak. To just be told there is nothing we can do. On the other hand my partner who is at a different surgery got an appointment within 30mins as she has the same conditions as me. I will now be putting a complaint in and will be moving from this very poorly run surgery.

Author: alan WHITE
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been with this surgery for over 50 years and under severe surgery twice, I find with modern technology maybe they need a member of staff who is fully updated with their systems.
