Practice: SHERRINGTON PARK MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C84682
Postcode: NG5 2EJ
Google Maps title: Sherrington Park Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 72
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sherrington+Park+Medical+Practice/@52.9742286,-1.1530977,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879c1755ef80bab:0x9dc7bc024c03bf70!8m2!3d52.9742254!4d-1.1505174!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thzt9vl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84682-sherrington-park-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Natasha Atkinson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Had a medical assessment, I was using public transport and knew I wouldn't be there on time so phoned to let them know and they moved my appointment to 20 mins later which I was grateful for. However when I arrived I was told the doctor had left the surgery 10 minutes before my new appointment time. They didnt even bother to let me know. I have put a complaint in with the surgery.

Author: Natasha Bowles
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Natasha Bowles9 reviews2 weeks ago New

Author: A A
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
A AEdited a month ago

Author: Leon w
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Leon w1 review3 months ago

Author: Flo M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cat speak highly enough of Sherrington park staff especially Dr soya. Every single member of staff I have experienced in the last 25 years of being with this doctors has been absolutely incredible I feel so lucky to have such an incredible doctors surgery and would recommend to everyone remember treat people how you want to be treated and this surgery will support you in every way!

Author: Caitlin Webb
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently joined this surgery after moving into the area in June and so far I’m really impressed by their quality of care. I’ve not had an issue so far with getting an appointment when needed. This morning, I had an urgent issue and got a phone appointment booked and the actual appointment completed within only 30 mins between 8am-8:30am! The doctors I’ve spoken to so far (Dr GopaKumar and Dr Sawyer) have both been professional and attentive and the receptionists (Emma and Abbie) have always been lovely and efficient.

Author: Daniyal
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Condescending GP, who has a smug tone. I booked an appointment for a specific medical need, but instead she used it to create a profile about me. However, when I was going through my health conditions and history, she cut me short, so clearly they aren't actually interested in listening or being informed about patients as it pertains to health. The male care navigator also put FALSE information on my records, which can ne harmful long-term as it paints a false narrative. The doctor had a problem with me even asking questions about admin processes. She also asked if she could use AI for my records, but when I asked "what does it do?" so I can make an informed choice, she fobbed me off and said I don't have to say yes. Like about half of GPs, they like their patients uninformed and brainless. I also asked them to give me a copy of my ADHD assessment (for my medical evidence). They refused, despite it being my personal data. Eventually she said "fine I will" and hung up (the practice manager said the person I spoke to was correct and hung up due to my attitude, but there no indication of that, as she hung up abruptly after agreeing to send me the file). Eventually I submitted a NeSS referral form for them so they can send my forms to NeSS, but they refused to send it as it contained criticism (they called it "disparaging comments") of the NHS mental health/neurodiversity procedures, which would not be controversial if said to healthcare professionals outside the NHS. They specifically told me to leave my thoughts about the NHS out. They have low professionalism and a biased attitude. Like many public sector workers nowadays, they think they can say and do anything, because they have a power structure behind them, rather than needing to justify decisions in a fair and balanced manner and without overestimating their knowledge of the situation.

Author: Ruth F
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just joined this surgery and wanted a nurse appt - called up, didn't have to wait long and the receptionist booked me in with my new GP ahead of me making any other appointments. Went in today and met Dr Vindla who was really lovely, and asked more about my general health/life than I think I've been asked in the last 10+ yrs by previous GP's. The reception staff afterwards were friendly and got me booked in for follow up appointments really quickly, 1 this week which I was amazed about. A fab first impression of the surgery!

Author: Saxon Barrie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very helpful via the phone, reception usually very pleasant and helpful. I have found Drs most pleasant, kind and supportive.

Author: Valkyrie Francis
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Amazing doctors and nurses, very efficient, kind and understanding despite often being rushed during appointments. ** changed in regard to a change in experience** I have also had great experiences interacting with the reception staff.
