Practice: HILL VIEW SURGERY
Canonical code: C84656
Postcode: NG21 0JP
Google Maps title: Hill View Surgery
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 21
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hill+View+Surgery/@53.1190185,-1.1102166,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879beace0e3e905:0xad21745454b0b479!8m2!3d53.1190153!4d-1.1076363!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgn47rs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84656-hill-view-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: C H
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Used to be a good GP Practice but has gone downhill in my opinion. Examples of care provided: Wife was referred for a CT Scan in November 2025. This was without any communication from the surgery, so she didn’t even know this had been requested. By chance, she found out about this from the GP in late February 2026. She called the hospital only to be informed that the scan had been rejected as the referral hadn’t been completed correctly by Dr Jairam and sent back the same day requesting the correct referral. So it had been sat waiting for the surgery to action for 15 weeks. Wife rang GP back who apologised that this was missed and would re-refer. If my wife hadn’t spoken to the hospital, the GP surgery wouldn’t have know as they had missed the correspondence. The second concern was that my wife had been unwell. She saw a nurse at the practice who said she would seek advice and guidance from Gastroenterology. This was never done. My wife had to chase several weeks later to be informed it had been forgotten about. The third concern is that the practice will only refer to Kingsmill hospital. NHS England state that patients should be given a choose and book letter to look at providers offering NHS care in the area. This caused a meltdown for the practice but once sorted (after doing their job for them) my wife got an appointment with gastro 2 weeks later at the Park Hospital with an NHS Consultant vs a 7 months wait at Kingsmill which is where the GP would have sent her. Fourth concern: As part of my wife’s ongoing health issues. She was referred for a 7 day ecg at Kingsmill. This was in August 25. The ECG was done in early December 25. My wife was chasing the surgery in January 26 for updates. Every time she was told “we haven’t had anything back yet” and “they may write to you, not us”. In late February 26 my wife spoke to Cardio at Kingsmill who said the report had been sent to the GP on the 9th January 26 requesting a follow up. The hospital was concerned this hadn’t been actioned. My wife phoned the GP and lo and behold, they had received it and tasked it to Dr Jairam but failed to review and follow up. We raised our concerns with the practice manager who agreed that this wasn’t acceptable and she could understand why we felt this wasn’t safe practice from the surgery. However the practice manager wrote a summary of our concerns on our nhs records that basically said the opposite and made it an us problem and that we were “disrespectful to the practice”. It appears they don’t like any criticism however constructive it is. We never heard back from the practice manager despite the promises. My experience has been similar. Anyway, it is my opinion based on our experience that the care isn’t safe nor effective at this surgery. No idea what has happened to it and they don’t seem to know if they are coming or going. I’d also advise patients to check the Dr’s history on the General Medical Councils website as one has been suspend before. Our concerns have been passed to relevant bodies who have said they will investigate. Unsurprisingly we have moved practice.

Author: Julie Proctor
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Never had issues with this surgery before today, rang this morning at 8am didn't get through until 8.40am to be told no tirage appointments left, told to go on line and book appointment, if accepted will be contacted by GP, said I needed to see doctor today, told to go to A E absolutely appalling system, what are the older and more vulnerable patients supposed to do,not everyone has access to on line services or the time to ring each day in the hope of getting an appointment. Very sad situation

Author: PAUL BRAITHWAITE
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since swapping to this surgery, I can not believe the service I have received, nothing is too much trouble, appointments are frequent and staff are so polite and friendly

Author: Andrea Ruskin
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely doctors surgery. The nursing team are kind and friendly. Dr D Knott is a true asset to the team, a kind, compassionate, helpful Dr who goes above and beyond to make you feel listened to and cared about

Author: Robert Pearce
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First time appointment with Dr Debbie Knott - She was fantastic and certainly went the extra mile with my issue. Friendly, professional, arranged immediate blood tests, and helped me facilitate some X-Rays to be done the following day! Megan has taken care of my regular tests and check-ups for some time over the last few years, and like Dr Knott, is doing a wonderful job!

Author: WAFA ABDULLA
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good GP.Quick response and easy to get appointments.Overall very good service.

Author: Fredy Edi
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fredy Edi2 reviewsa year ago

Author: laura Fairbrother
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
I've has no problems with this doctors but the male receptionist is terrible, he's messed my appointment up twice, no telephone manner, I ordered a prescription item Monday to collect today being Wednesday, it hasn't even been sent to the pharmacy, very un professional indeed.

Author: Ali campbell
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Never really had problems with this doctors before untill this morning! Spoke with a male over the phone on reception. He didn’t even sound like he could be arssed. Spoke to me rudely and to be honest he isn’t a doctor but trying to go into more detail of my issues when that’s clearly something I only want to speak with my doctor about! I get they have to put notes down for my doctor but I said enough! Yet he still carried on. Trying to question me because he didn’t think my problem was urgent! Absolute joke.

Author: David Townsend
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exceptional care and service today at Hillview surgery, the opposite of what I have been used to on my previous visits to Farnsfield surgery (I think it is now run by a different team, Hillview and Farnsfield partnership). Brilliant, helpful and caring doctor. Above and beyond
