Practice: SHERWOOD RISE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C84628
Postcode: NG7 7AD
Google Maps title: Sherwood Rise Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sherwood+Rise+Medical+Centre/@52.9732654,-1.1634718,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879c199b4baefa1:0xe9eff52ea1569fed!8m2!3d52.9732622!4d-1.1608915!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hl4khgq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C84628-sherwood-rise-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Robert Clare
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
These ladies that work here need a pay rise, they are so nice and helpful when ever I need something 😇 …

Author: Aro H******.
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
just want to say a huge thank you to the receptionist I spoke to today. She was incredibly kind, patient, and genuinely listened to me. In just 20 minutes, she explained things in a completely different way that actually made sense, and it honestly felt like the most helpful “therapy” I’ve had since reaching out about my mental health. She managed to calm my worries and clear up confusion that had been building for a while. It made such a difference to feel understood and supported. I’m really grateful for the care and compassion she showed. Maxine really took my worries away with 0 rush and therapy all in 1!!

Author: Rahab Ray
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rahab Raya month ago

Author: Mohsin Ajaib
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Sairah safddar is an exceptional GP. She is incredibly kind patient and truly listens to her patients. I feel safe and well-cared for in her hands. Highly recommended.

Author: Kara Allinson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been at this drs over 10years. The reception staff really do go above and beyond. Happy smiley bunch always nice and polite

Author: Omid Samari
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Dear Sherwood Rise Medical Centre, My name is Omid Samari (Date of Birth: 28/07/1983), and I am writing to express my sincere gratitude for the outstanding care I received from Dr. Badhe. In February, I visited your practice and was seen twice by another doctor. Unfortunately, my condition did not improve, and there was no follow-up. I consider myself very fortunate that Dr. Badhe later saw me. She listened carefully, arranged appropriate tests, and told me that if my symptoms persisted, she would write a referral letter to the hospital. When things didn’t improve, she did exactly that. Although the hospital initially rejected the referral, Dr. Badhe personally called me twice, showing great concern for my health, and advised me to go to A&E immediately. I followed her advice and was admitted to the hospital overnight. At first, the doctors suspected I had suffered a stroke, but it was later determined that the cause was spinal canal narrowing. I am truly grateful for Dr. Badhe’s professionalism, compassion, and decisive action. I believe her efforts played a key role in identifying the real cause of my condition and preventing further complications. I would also like to thank Dr. Eghbal, who has always been kind and supportive. Please kindly pass on my appreciation to both Dr. Badhe and Dr. Eghbal. Warm regards, Omid Samari

Author: Mis informed
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only gave 1 star because I have to select at least one. They don’t even deserve 1 star. Would not recommend at all.

Author: zaraki kenpachi
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Feel like these people have failed me as a paciant been suffering with nerve damage and gastritis for 3 years and i feel like my life is ruined i contantly can't cope with the pain and im allways making appointments and they just tell me to take ppis i feel like none of the medication is working and I'm on holiday with bad pain dealing with this mess i appreciate 1 DR thats doctor iqbal but sometimes i feel like the only thing they can do is feed people ppis doesn't matter how many time they are not effective or if my pain gets worse it's take ppis also dr iqbal when i tell him my symtoms will brush it off like ohh it's back pain ohh it's virus like he doesn't want to address it im just a other paciant in a room also i feel maxine can be very rude not all the time but sometimes doctors are allways fully booked and make me go to GP plus sometimes but when i walk in there's 3 people sat in waiting room and when i been in appointment on time make me wait sometimes extra 15 or 20 mins all i need right now is support and a route to the right direction they said my bloods are fine and everythings fine but won't tell me how to manage the pain or how to help my anxiety from it 1 doctor is very rude don't no her name but everytime i come in the room she asked why are you here well if you was ill for 3 years and stuggled with success and pain wouldn't you keep going to the doctors?

Author: Atif Javaid
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been trying to re-register my father with the GP and I followed the instructions given to me by one of the receptionist at the surgery to sign up online. I have now tried to sign up more than 4 times, and the online registration is not allowing me register him. I called in the surgery for help and the receptionist was not helpful. I also asked the receptionist if we can come in person to register and she said no. Only for me to look online and find out that you can download a pdf form and submit it in person. This information could have been provided to me earlier without having to bother the receptionist over and over again. Try and help like I waited in the call queue patiently to speak to the surgery I am sure others can wait too instead of brushing me off quickly by saying there are other callers in the queue without providing proper support. So unprofessional!

Author: Ernesto Marongiu
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been without a voice for four weeks, and only today, after much persistence, did I manage to get an appointment with a specialist. They are the worst doctors I've ever seen. I hope it's not something serious, like two years ago when I had pain in my ribs and they told me it was the muscles in the middle that were irritated without even examining me. Well, it turns out it was cancer. I lived with pain for a year before they realized what the problem was. Incompetent completions
