Practice: HILL BROW SURGERY PMS PRACTICE
Canonical code: C85010
Postcode: S75 6FH
Google Maps title: Hill Brow Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 143
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hill+Brow+Surgery/@53.5866653,-1.5122621,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48797ab4cfcfca19:0xa0108cf9b3ca4f74!8m2!3d53.5866621!4d-1.5096818!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tt1gr5q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C85010-hill-brow-surgery-pms-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: H
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
7 minutes talking to a machine. I only wanted to query something about an appointment i thought had been cancelled and now I have to wait for someone to contact me. So not only is it hard to get an appointment, you now can't even speak to anyone!

Author: samantha rushforth
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting on hold for 3 hrs when I’m second in queue for starts but I wouldn’t even have to phone if someone competent worked there it’s disgusting how they treat there patients and to say I’m a minor aswell but still getting fobbed off. It’s rude I’m having to fill the form in twice a day just for them to not know what they are doing and that if I even get a reply, having to phone for Laura the receptionist the give me misinformation again. Spent two days filling the form in to tell them this just to be ignored. I’ve had the practice manager on phone previously and as soon as I let it slip I was writing down everything she was telling me she ended the call there. They know what they are doing and it’s disgusting but I have every conversation and message saved in my notes app as soon as I’m able to do something I will bc the patient care here is null they don’t do anything to help there patients. Edit— 3 hrs and something later times 17:51 shyoni? Or something foreign I couldn’t make it out when asked twice answered. I told her my name and date of birth and whilst she was loading me up I believe she then hung up this is the second time this has happened now (Lewis) and it’s disgusting I have the first 3hr whatever on recording where I am number 1 for about 2hr 56 minutes of this since I loaded on at 2 all I can say is it’s disgusting I understand gp surgery’s are under staffed and over worked but if this is the attitude you bring to your patients it needs shutting down clearly and new place building because it’s disgusting. There’s nothing I can do about it at moment except document every word said to me and every message. Buts it’s a completely incompetent place Edit Received a letter about how I have to wait 48 hrs between forms and my behaviour on the form. Ridiculous I have to spam to form to get a reply a week later I’ve filled the form out everyday last week and once this week last week was all related before I chose to buy my own from Chemist. This week was unrelated but every single one was ignored so why are they telling me it’s 48 hrs when it’s been quadruple. I’ve reported this to cqc and I have my proof to back it. In forms where I may have come across as rude all have reasons and proof to back. This surgery is atrocious one of the worse ones I’ve seen. If it wasn’t taking the longest time for my number to update correct I would have already moved up cudworth. I think many others should look into that same aspect because if they don’t care about a 17 yr old who knows how they are treating 30+

Author: Lindsey Thompson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Can honestly say the receptionist on today was absolutely lovely, answered my medical issue in a very polite and friendly manor, a lovely experience for me today!

Author: Sean Taylor
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sean TaylorLocal Guide · 297 reviews · 280 photos2 months ago

Author: lesley corbett
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, 3 times for different ailments tried to make an appointment ,only to recieve a text message saying they have reached a safe capacity and to phone 111 or iheart, i went into the surgery to make these appointments and the waiting room was empty, disgraceful service

Author: Ashley Swift
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not fit for purpose automated phoneline and "online chat"

Author: Mark Shobbrook
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
OMG. They now have a bot answering the phone. It's absolutely useless. I couldn't get past spelling my name. I tried 5 times but it kept getting it wrong. Then it said it would send me an sms link to complete. Tried that completed my name and details then it just looped back to the beginning again. Life is hard enough. Please please please get a grip. It's an absolute nightmare just making an appointment.

Author: noel ryan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless. Just get a standard ring 111 or I heart. Reception staff are like robots, just follow a script, no compassion or customer service. AVOID!!

Author: Lucy Fleetwood
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lucy Fleetwood5 months ago

Author: Andy Haskins
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Green is my doctor and she's the best doctor I've ever had, she's competent,genuine kind, caring , and goes above and beyond the call of duty , in the current state of NHS where you can't even get an appointment Dr Green manages to find the time to call me just to check I'm OK, so a big thanks to Dr Green, who sets the bar so high and manages to continuously and with ease and functions like this every time all the time
