Practice: THE DOVE VALLEY PMS PRACTICE
Canonical code: C85007
Postcode: S70 5NZ
Google Maps title: The Dove Valley Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Dove+Valley+Practice/@53.5291842,-1.4628628,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48797aeb72abaa25:0xd4e745d5d2d93b9c!8m2!3d53.529181!4d-1.4602825!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc37nqhn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C85007-the-dove-valley-pms-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alwyn Horler
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Alwyn HorlerLocal Guide · 167 reviews · 10 photosa month ago

Author: Holly Hayes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
You now have to answer to an AI "assistant" when phoning up to make an appointment "request". Takes 3 times longer than talking to an actual human

Author: Claire Langley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
There is a blonde woman GP who is very rude!!!!!!!! and chews gum very unprofessional.You need to get better staff.

Author: Lou
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rubbish on every level. Ai on the phone!!! Never get a call back been waiting over a week now. Asked for a refferal for grandchild. Doctor had no idea about the condition affecting him. Made a.refferal to peadiatrics, waited 2 months new street said never got one and can't make an appointment to see a GP about it as we can never get a call back! Another time asked for full medical records including blood test results for child, said can take upto 28 days. Waited weeks, was told they were ready only to recieve just a letter with his autisim diagnosis on. No medical records at all. We were wanting the blood tests etc as we had an appointment with a private GP! So again delayed treatment! Never asked which hospital we want refferal made to they always forget we have right to choose!!! Receptionist ignorant and unprofessional. Doctors haven't a clue have to use google, people will actually be dying because of this place weekly.

Author: Carol Webb
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to return a call today got a virtual AI answered all questions and said putting through only to get back to AI this is clearly not working very frustrating probably got high blood pressure now very disappointing supposed to make life easier who idea was that

Author: S J
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
DO NOT GO TO THIS DOCTORS!!, The receptionists are incredibly rude and nosey, put you on hold for ages, want you to do their job and sign yourself in when you go there and that's if you can ever get an appointment earlier than a month in advance, sister just had an appointment and the doctor basically told her to get over her scoliosis because it wasn't going to go away, that aches and pains in her body were because she needs to 'get a job and move more', (she's not overweight, she already has a job and she's a full time mum who never stops), she was told nosebleed were due to stress and then she (the doctor) compared her ailments to her (the doctors) own life saying she won't get a moments rest today at work...yes love..it's called work..and you get payed enough for it...atleast when you decide to show up!, she also said that when her patients come in with more than one ailment it's usually just word vomit..basically saying she doesn't take them seriously because they're exaggerating. Make no wonder people don't want to go to the doctors when you get treated like dirt, I'll stick to the one on Sheffield road in the future..it's a shame this one hasn't been put out of business yet the way they treat people is disgraceful!

Author: Ellie and Hannah
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
have to fill out online forms and because I’m young I’m never taken seriously never taken seriously

Author: vicky dinut
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I kept going to them with severe acid pain in chest they was going for 4 months just kept telling me acid from fizzy drinks then said h pylori went hospital as vommitted blood told me not from drinks its pancreatitis caused by gall bladder stones thats what acid is from not fizzy drinks now cos been left i have to have my gallbladder removed and i swear to god i will sue them and change gp this surgery needs to be shut down they also tried to give me pills im allergic too as they didnt check

Author: Jelena Marshall
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get appointment 😫, in pain for a while, was ignoring it as to know how stresfull it is to get in, tried today, can't make appointment via phone, when go online , no appointment avalible, can't even book ahead so you have a t least date when you can see GP next 1 or 2 weeks , this is just impossible. Just feeling hopeless 😔 …

Author: Ann Kay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Was asked to go for a repeat blood test after having 1 taken at the surgery for a review couldn't be done at the surgery . Went in and checked. Said not there policy but managed to fine it was a high potassium which is very dangerous if not treated asap. Couldn't get any numbers but worked in labs for 37yrs so needed to be sorted Went on glassworks no appointment until May and phlebotomy at barnsley hosp not answering their phone x7 sent message to GP and answered to say may would be ok as none urgent !!! By this time I had phoned 111 who advised me to go to A/E who were brilliant and said this happens regularly I was embarrassed to be there they are so busy. I just needed a repeat blood test I worked in the NHS for 40years in laboratory medicine. Every time I drop my prescription into the surgery its empty ???
