Practice: BURLEIGH MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C85017
Postcode: S70 1DR
Google Maps title: Burleigh Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Burleigh+Medical+Centre/@53.5495141,-1.4793832,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48797b857f511f37:0xb02be1ea9f4b99f9!8m2!3d53.5495109!4d-1.4768029!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h3c9ftdb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C85017-burleigh-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sean Taylor
Date: a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
Sean TaylorLocal Guide · 297 reviews · 280 photosa week ago New

Author: Flo
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The ladies were very helpful Thank you

Author: Rebecca Jones
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rebecca Jonesa month ago

Author: Joanne Senior
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to share my experience at Burleigh Medical Centre today at 15.20pm. What an amazing receptionist that was there today, pleasant, helpful and totally professional. On leaving I asked why can’t all the receptionist’s be like her? Her reply was thank you, you’ve made my day. This lady wants a well earned pat on the back, the other receptionist’s could learn so much from this young lady, well done to her for being amazing!

Author: Paul Gibbo
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Now this doctors are cutting my " morphine" patches down. After being on them for 35 years and on an even keel with them. I'm now to stop taking one patch and eventually all. I tried to make an appointment to talk to the practice head doctors, to put my point accross. After losing one patch, I'm now not only having 2 to 3 days in bed with pain. But now I'm spending 4 and 5 days laid on the sofa. I'm not eating and cannot bear with the pain. After having spinal operation and Claudia equina 25 years ago. I also suffer with depression and anxiety. This has increased my depression and I'm constantly down. Feeling that there is no future. I've written a letter to state that if I do commit suicide, it is down to the head doctors. I couldn't get an appointment with them and was told by message that this was going to happen, and they would not change their minds. I was put on these, not by a doctor but by a pain specialist, I've tried spinal stimulators and everything else. But no tablet can reach the central nervous system to block the pain signals getting to my brain. Tablet are to stop pain after your brain says you are in pain. I've contacted NHS and was told that there is no limit to the daily amount of morphine. Even though my patches are not morphine. I'm now looking into getting medication off of the street if this helps. No option. If I was a druggy I would get help. If one of the doctors pets was in pain I'm sure it would get pain relief. My own doctor I see is brilliant but I'm going to take this further and it's on my social media now. Just waiting for pain specialist to get back to me with an answer.

Author: Joao sergio neves pantaleao
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Regarding the nurses and doctors, I have no complaints as they have always been professional and attentive, but when you go to or call reception, it's a different story. They are rude and have no idea that they are there to help and serve the patients, and if you try to show that you are right, they immediately play the victim and hang up on you.

Author: Ezequiel Devesa
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don't understand why people is so violent with the staff in the GP, I personally saw a senior citizen speaking disrespectfuly to the receptionist. The GP has been lovely with my kids and wife, every single time we went we have been take care off. We move from Dove Valley to this GP and I don't regreat, the service is 10x better and the GP is willing to help you to get your appointment during the day if possible.

Author: AB H
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
0 stars if possible, receptionists are nice but the nurses are AWFUL. They’re so rude and look at you like you’re an idiot when you need help. Take yourself to a different gp I wouldn’t even bother coming here

Author: Susan Storr
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Like most Dr Surgery's you will be lucky to see a Dr but the nurse practioners are very good. Nurses are all excellent & receptionist are very good.

Author: Darren Parsons
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist is a very rude and inconsiderate .she realy is the wrong job.not professional at all ..disgusting!
