Practice: WOMBWELL MEDICAL CENTRE PRACTICE
Canonical code: C85030
Postcode: S73 0DD
Google Maps title: Wombwell Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 75
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wombwell+Medical+Centre/@53.5219292,-1.4014983,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879705b444eacdf:0xa5533923cfac4fc0!8m2!3d53.521926!4d-1.398918!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th6dc69?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C85030-wombwell-medical-centre-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Claire Talayhan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently moved to this practice as I came to live in the area, a breath of fresh air, I was able to register online, received appointments for all the family for new patient health checks which were really comprehensive. I have since been to see one of the clinicians after requesting an appointment and was listened to, guided and have started treatment. Thank you Wombwell MC - keep up the great work 👍

Author: Mark Winder
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Our experience, briefly: Written confirmation of 30 days’ continued registration. Discharged early anyway. Told written confirmation “didn’t matter.” Told removal could only happen if a new GP contacted them. No new GP had contacted them. Initially told this was “impossible.” Prescriptions eventually issued. Controlled drugs issued for one week only. Medication ran out. 111 contacted. Pharmacies declined. Three days without fentanyl. A&E attendance due to withdrawal. Separate occasions: Epilepsy medication not ready when due. Returned. Still not ready. Multiple seizures followed. Conversations with the reception manager often felt less like speaking to administrative support and more like entering a debate club — interruptions included at no extra charge. To be fair, once a GP became directly involved, matters improved. The clinicians were not the problem. If your healthcare needs are straightforward, you may never notice. If you rely on continuity and controlled medication being available when prescribed, pack snacks and patience.

Author: Alex
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up 45 minute wait told no appointments available then told to ring 111. 111 told me to ring back then I get handed a random number for a centre with no explanation that I cannot get to and isn't open after a 50 minute wait. I am now going to just be unwell for longer as the reception as this Centre seem to enjoy making people ill and being unhelpful. They should all be ashamed of how they conduct themselves. I have spent 3 hours in total trying to get some help.

Author: Sarah
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless. Incredibly difficult to get an appointment, yet when you get there, there are very often next to no patients waiting to be seen. They misdiagnosed my partner who had an ear infection and told him to take paracetamol for the discomfort and drink more water. He had the infection for over a month, until it was finally diagnosed and treated when we went to Germany. So now he is suffering the long-term consequences of this, and has a permanent ringing in his ear. Everytime he tries to go here, they're dismissive and neglectful. "Oh you just have to drink more", "Oh you just have to wait until it goes away". Absolutely ridiculous. If you don't actually want to help people, why become a doctor??

Author: Stacy Naylor
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stacy NaylorLocal Guide · 13 reviews · 2 photos10 months ago

Author: Bailey Thorpe
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have no idea what they do in there all day. I very rarely have to go to the doctors, but every time I try and get an appointment, it is always full. A completely useless place.

Author: Annmary Jacob
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went there as I had Pcos symptoms doctor recommended me to take contraceptive tablets and walk alot and stop the pills if I want to get pregnant. This is so ignorant on part of doctor. A doctor should be well aware of what PCOS is and how it's to be dealt with we do not live in 2000 anymore to recommend such a non fruitful and rather harmful medication. Concerning.

Author: Jessica Hyde
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Missed a call from the Doctors, called them back had to wait over an hour for a call back only for them to say I had to call back the following day at 8am, bear in mind this is not an emergency but I don’t understand why they can’t just book something in for the future I’m in no rush so don’t need something the same day - just book it for the future it’s not that hard.

Author: Orange Knight (OrangeKnight)
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I book an appointment for regerstering, they book me in via their website, it doesn't tell me that this has been done so I wait for a letter or text. I do not recive one, miss appointment. Doctors then removed me from system and I can't re-book. And people wonder why I'd rather go private...

Author: Beryl Henshaw
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Every month for over a year it has been requested that they send repeat prescriptions to Rowlands chemist. Every month they don’t resulting in missed critical medication. Rude and unprofessional. They have a no abuse policy in place and I think the public need one against them
