Practice: GREAT NORTH MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: C86001
Postcode: DN6 8AG
Google Maps title: Carcroft Health Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Carcroft+Health+Centre/@53.5834365,-1.1877797,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487912f232877961:0x162bcb0525a8178!8m2!3d53.5834333!4d-1.1851994!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfcsr6d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C86001-great-north-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: cody mccall
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such wonderful service…. Jayne and Cath, ( reception ) Thank you for your remarkable patience and kindness and not forgetting your speedy professionalism. Cody & Sarah

Author: David Thomas
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
All good.

Author: Ian Southern
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very very hard to get to see anyone anymore has i work shifts its virtually impossiable, tried ringing but no go looks like a hospital visit is only option nhs as become not fit for purpose anymore

Author: Lynn Gronnow
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have just had a medical review with Sandra Clarckson she was very informative about my blood test and asked me if there was anything I wanted to ask she has solved a long standing medical problem I was thoroughly satisfied with my appointment she has helped me so much

Author: Dawid “Świstak” Krzepkowski
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This calling at 8am to book an appointment is a joke. Just tried, I'm number 15 on the queue. I'm working and cannot really afford hanging on the phone for an hour. It's 2025, get some online booking system in place, people need to see doctors sometimes.

Author: M Sully
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not a good practice. Reception are very nice and helpful I find, the staff are nice too. But the fact that you can only book appointments on the day and not prebook is madness. The 8am scramble to get an appointment online is shocking. By the time you load up the page, and get through the form, the bookings are closed. I had a specialist write to them to tell them they needed to offer me a GP appointment, since the online system was not appropriate, and they sent a generic text of 'use the online system'. I understand this is to help manage appointments on their end, GP's are stretched thin, but it's so hard to get appointments.

Author: Sally Yexley
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Went clinic due to asthma around Octoberish, first person not qualified, second person wanted to weigh me but due to weight issues didn't want to be weighed said I looked 10 stone, luckily I didn't have an eating disorder, if patients don't want to be weighed there is a reason, its hard enough for ppl like me to ring in first place without staff taking it upon their selves to make it worse, IF YOU DON'T WANT TO BE WEIGHED STAFF SHOULDN'T TAKE IT UPON THEIRSELVES TO GUESS AND RUIN SOMEONE'S MENTAL HEALTH, I KNOW I'VE PUT WEIGHT ON BUT DON'T NEED IT TOLD TO ME BY AN HEALTH PROFESSIONAL, she also tried to make me have a cervical smear, I'm never having one and I won't take your pushing me to having one. Unfortunately you can't punish this nurse as she's probably retired by now. But you need to train staff better, she might have driven me to an eating disorder which I was very close to about 10 yrs ago and no1 should be pushed into checks or treatments, I'm reiterating, I'M NEVER HAVING A CERVICAL SMEAR all your letters go in bin....... Edit: I recently learned you can only make appointments now via an app, I refuse to download it on principle, it's very discriminatory against those without a phone you can download apps who might be too old to figure out how to do it in the first place, not everyone of a certain age has someone to help them, are you expecting these ppl to fork out at least £100 of their pension for a new phone so they can see a dr? It's just laziness on the part of reception staff who don't do much to start off with. You are disgusting. Hope you get sued if a patient dies due to this pathetic new appointment system, the app would be a good idea if it was a secondary option, not the only option.

Author: Lee Smith
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke of a surgery

Author: James Cantrell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely lady on phone from prescriptions sorted my issues out thank you .

Author: Paddy Kelly
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I suffer from perforate Diverticulitis. I have now tried to speak or get an appointment with a doctor. On the 17/12/24 I was told to ring 111. 111 got me in to speak to a chemist. The chemist sent an email to the practice and said a doctor would ring me by the next morning. It's now 8/1/25, still hasn't rang me. I've started with another flare up of Diverticulitis. Rang the practice on 7/1/25, no appointments. Rang 8/1/25 For an appointment. This occasion the receptionist told me " A doctor told me to go to A+E " but no doctors name. Useless, inconsiderate, untrustworthy, Staff. Seeking another practice after nearly fifty years.
