Practice: THE MAYFLOWER MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C86009
Postcode: DN10 6RQ
Google Maps title: The Mayflower Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Mayflower+Medical+Practice/@53.4318667,-1.0220303,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48790881c05bba39:0x39bb9ae7deb1493a!8m2!3d53.4318635!4d-1.01945!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td9vmwk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C86009-the-mayflower-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tina Tomlinson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A relative had a problem with blood pressure. They were given an appointment on a Saturday morning a week later at Bawtry. Medication was prescribed, and an appointment for bloods was made for the Monday 2 days later at Finningley. They asked about their medication at the appointment and the receptionist asked them to wait for 5 minutes whilst it was prepared and they walked out with it. Brilliant service. Couldn't have been any quicker. Unfortunately the medication didn't suit so they telephoned the surgery who advised they would receive a call the following day. Phone call duly received and medication changed, and a further appointment to see the ANP was made at the same time for a week and a half later. More bloods taken and medication put on repeat prescription. The service given was brilliant compared to previous experiences and a major improvement. Throughout the process all the staff were very helpful and friendly. Well done Mayflower and hopefully it remains this way for the future.

Author: Melissa Howse
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
June 18/2025 I was refuse to see a Doctor this morning bye the Receptionist Who state you have seen the doctor for this before an you can’t see the doctor again trying to explain to the the Receptionist I was in pain with my nose and need to see my doctor and it’s my right to see a doctor She then allowed me to make that appointment. I ask the receptionist for a stool sample bottle and she refused me and said I need to see the doctor I later saw the doctor and explain about my bowel and my painful nose prescription was given by the doctor while I was waiting I’ve ask the receptionist for prescription for my blood pressure. texted on Monday 16/6/25 the receptionist refused to give me my medication which is need telling me you are not getting your medication until she can see what I have told the doctor and what the doctor had said this medication wasn’t a new medication I was asking for I had received the text on Monday letting me know my prescription was ready I had to walk away with out my prescription as I was bullied by both receptionist There behaviours was very attacking and wasn’t listening to what I had to say what and awful experience I had with such bad behaviour by both of the receptionist only if they took the time to listen and have empathy instead I had to walk away deeply upset by their behaviour Melissa

Author: Jo M
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I joined this practice nearing the end of 2024 as moving over from Lincolnshire. When joining I had to go in with proof of I.D to which I was seen to by some woman in her 20’s who seemed rude and disinterested to which I brushed off. A few weeks later I rang to make a Doctors appointment about having painful hands and was spoken abruptly to and sighed at due to me having bad phone signal with living in a village. I was told I needed to go to The Finninglay Practice for the appointment. When I attended this appointment which took a 30 minute drive I was told by this certain Doctor that I could have arthritis in my hands and was basically told to go home and play with arthritis putty The same day I changed Doctors. I have since had an health check and my Doctor sent me immediately for X-rays on my hands and blood tests. I have received the results and been diagnosed with severe Arthritis in my hands. I would definitely not recommend Mayflower Practice!

Author: T.T.T.H
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, Terrible, Terrible... Along with Weldricks pharmacy, they're both not fit for purpose. C.Q.C needs to visit the medical practice and Weldricks is the worst pharmacy I've ever attempted to use!! Use boots chemist for your prescription, and they contact you to A. Advise on receipt of prescription. B. Text you when it's ready. Excellent service.

Author: Rachael Care
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
What has happened to this practice? It used to be effective & efficient… such a shame!

Author: Kris Watson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Quite simply one of the worst GP practices I’ve experienced in 32 years. You can never get an appointment and the staff are rude and completely unsympathetic. Told to book an appointment on the system one website that refreshes at midnight, so basically I have to stay awake till midnight to try and get an appointment! Having been a nurse in Primary care and community care this GP practice is one of the worst. Locals constantly complain and Facebook community groups slate the place. It’s easier to Drive to Doncaster to the walk in clinic or go to A&E. The practice manager should be sacked and this practice put into special measures by the care quality commission.

Author: Emily Robson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can say the nurse clinicians have been excellent at bawtry mayflower. Efficient, caring and diligent.

Author: Sharon Liddle
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon LiddleLocal Guide · 11 reviews · 64 photos3 years ago

Author: John Bowman
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called for a GP appointment at 8am and got through - appointment at 9:20 same day - receptionist was lovely. I saw a Locum doctor ( I missed his name ) who was highly professional, polite and knowledgable. Easy to bash the NHS at present but my experience was 5stars.

Author: Jess Anderson
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Jess Anderson4 reviewsEdited 3 years ago
