Practice: DUNSVILLE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C86611
Postcode: DN7 4BY
Google Maps title: Dunsville Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dunsville+Medical+Centre/@53.5623211,-1.0312182,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48791003b7101fcd:0xf3f16f9bceafe485!4m8!3m7!1s0x48791003cf8823d7:0xeaa82b226b7bbac9!8m2!3d53.5623179!4d-1.0286379!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfg75fl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C86611-dunsville-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Townend
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Could never see or speak to an actual Doctor. Phone calls to clinicians only and zero follow ups. No one looks or replies to messages from the NHS app and they do not contact you with test results. Reception looked very run down, celling tiles missing and dirty old furnishings (as of Dec 2025)

Author: Julie Farmer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a personal medical appointment with Colette, the Advanced Nurse Practitioner, and the experience was excellent from start to finish. Colette was very understanding and put me at ease straight away. She was kind, reassuring, and took the time to give me a clear plan moving forward. She also researched the medical application thoroughly, and my prescription was emailed to the chemist and dispensed the very same day, which was incredibly efficient. The nurse who took my bloods was also extremely pleasant and professional, although unfortunately I didn’t catch her name. Overall, the care and service I received were excellent thank you

Author: Joanne Tindall
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Joanne TindallLocal Guide · 54 reviews · 4 photosa month ago

Author: Adam G
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude and unhelpful staff impossible to get appointments even though the waiting rooms always empty.

Author: kathryn burkill
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had always been so happy with this doctors practice especially when Dr Mohan was there and luckily did not have to use very often. But recently i have needed help again and have found the process of trying to get an appointment so hard and the Doctors i have had to speak to are not compassionate or helpful at all.. it is all about costs and not care now. I cannot fault Nurse Practitioner Allison at all but getting an appointment with her now is too hard also. I am shocked at how downhill the surgery has become

Author: Sidda
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP I have ever been with. Won't let me pre-book a GP appointment, even after serious surgery and then takes weeks to get a same day appointment (All gone by the time you get through) Removed Asthma medication that I need to help me breath (I have had Ventolin for 34 years and since registering here, they removed from repeats and refused to re-add) and now they tell me to phone 111, Staff extremely Rude & Abrupt, raised a complaint 2 months ago via email and heard nothing. Honestly, do not register with them, if you do you will regret it!!! Go to one of the few others around here.

Author: Ian Brown
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service great staff the reviews on here are old and very wrong Nothing but 5 star from here for me

Author: Keeley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exellent surgery. Great admin behind it! Never fail to get an appointment.

Author: Baiba Vanaga
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was bit scared to make a call after reading all bad reviews. But I had very understanding receptionists and sweet Doctor speaking to me over the phone. Everything got sorted out.

Author: Off Grid
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
I cannot believe how bad this surgery is compared to how it was. 'Call you back' they say. No call back. When I call them back to ask why, its apparently my fault because we live in a poor signal area. Use the landline for goodness sake. Two weeks to get a face to face with a GP I'd never seen before only to be told to buy over the counter medication. Did not listen to, or understand what I was trying to tell her. I still do not know if the lady I saw was a Doctor as she was in scrubs. The lady was foreign and I struggled with her accent. For reasons best known to herself she was wearing a face mask. I'm over 60 and the point of free prescription charges is not to have to pay over the counter prices. I required Movicol sachets which are fifteen pounds a pack at Boots which is even more expensive than a prescription charge. Doctor Mohan is the only experienced GP at this surgery and it shows. I am tempted to register elsewhere but forsee similar problems ahead. Cradle to Grave? The NHS is floundering and there is no way out.
