Practice: KIVETON PARK MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: C87004
Postcode: S26 6QU
Google Maps title: Kiveton Park Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kiveton+Park+Medical+Practice/@53.3393743,-1.272618,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48799effbe332ea3:0xcc3d3d074f362570!8m2!3d53.3393711!4d-1.2700377!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tn4xphj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C87004-kiveton-park-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Susan Sharp
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent practice

Author: Joanna Gorol-Waclawczyk
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had surgery on my foot on 12.11. After a week of being unwell, I rang my GP surgery to book a telephone appointment or home visit with the doctor to request another sick note. Despite explaining to the receptionist that I could not walk or drive, she told me I had to come into the surgery, which I eventually did because I had no other choice. After another week, I went back to the surgery to have my stitches removed, and unfortunately my wound opened during the removal. The nurse applied a dressing and advised me to rest. When my sick note ran out on 30.11, I contacted the surgery again to request an extension, as I am still unable to return to work. I went to the surgery twice on Monday and then called again on Tuesday morning, only to be told that the request was still with the doctor. It is now Wednesday I still have not heard anything about my sick note. I eventually had to go back to the hospital, where I was told that my wound was still in a bad condition. I cannot stand or walk, and I need to be off work for at least another two weeks. Luckily, the doctor at the hospital issued a sick note for me, because my GP surgery—especially the reception staff—has been completely unhelpful. I understand that they may not have had the hospital records yet, but they should still believe the patient, especially since a GP had already previously issued me a sick note. Writing another one is a simple task that takes only a few minutes. I am still waiting for any information from the surgery. There is more than one doctor working there, yet nothing has been done. When I asked the receptionist to check whether my request was on my record, she said yes, although I doubt she actually looked it up. They often cannot spell my name, and she did not ask for my address or date of birth to confirm my identity. They do not seem to care that without this sick note, I would not be paid by my employer. The receptionists have no medical experience and are often rude. I rarely need to use this surgery, but when I do, the reception staff are never helpful. I am demanding an explanation for why I have been treated this way and why it has taken three or longer days—and still no response—to receive a simple sick note.

Author: Helen Sampson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Many thanks to Jane Fields today. Your a star.xx

Author: Lee Bestall
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We recently attended to obtain travel jabs and Lyca was really fantastic. Understanding and patient. Could not have asked for more if we’d have paid to go private. Thank you.

Author: Borders & Beeching
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can I just give special recognition to Mary on reception. She is absolutely fantastic. She’s been helping my elderly parents recently with their appointments etc, and when I called myself to discuss something it was done immediately and with kindness. Thank you, Mary. You’re very much appreciated.

Author: Stan yo bro
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you do actually get an appointment then be prepared to meet SOME ignorant miserable unhelpful so called Drs with attitude problems who's main purpose is to get you back out the door as quickly as possible without actually doing anything at all to help you. Which is disgraceful and actually makes the clinic busier than ever. I have seen a couple of really nice Drs but there are two male Drs that need to get some attitude problems sorted out or just leave if you hate your job so much. The receptionists ? do have a difficult job trying to arrange appointments, but I found some of them do there best to help while others with attitude problems cant be bothered and turn a simple matter into a big issue. Needs a review system to report and get rid of the of the ignorant ones and send them back to stacking shelves in a supermarket. 02/04/25 Waiting 15 minutes for someone to answer the phone even though I was No 1 in the queue. Terrible.

Author: dadean1001
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have seen various GP's, nurses & receptionists at this surgery and have always been treated respectfully.

Author: Anne-Marie Brammer
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service from all, GP's, Nurses and Receptionists. Thank you

Author: Rob Warnervyv
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rang a few times on the day and always got an appointment so I can't fault them same again today rang at 2.45pm in at 4.30pm

Author: Beth McSciv
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Great when it comes to getting vaccines/ blood work done. However sometimes I feel that when it comes to mental health help they don’t really help much. Reception is always nice to me though
