Practice: CROWN STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: C87030
Postcode: S64 8NB
Google Maps title: Crown Street Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 59
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Crown+Street+Surgery/@53.4879236,-1.3175975,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487973e624df6071:0x68f0a2cf5b730d9!8m2!3d53.4879204!4d-1.3150172!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdvd30w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C87030-crown-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aleksandrs Nikolajevs
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Oluwakemi Ishola best doctor ever. My son (12 months) had Fever (38-39)since beginning of January. We visited GP 6 times and 2 Hospital appointments. He was tested positive RSV in the beginning but after 3 weeks fever never go away.We were going around and begging for help. All responses was: Viral, we not treating, go home. One night son had fever 40,5 and blood start coming through nose and we went to doctors AGAIN and reached Dr Oluwakemi Ishola. She looked at son properly (dress him down, weight, throat etc…) and she did give him antibiotics. We right now on day 3 antibiotics and my boy recovered! Thanks god, for 6-7 weeks of absolute nightmare he not have temperature anymore and all mucus (green) start coming out through dirty nappy’s which means he had an infection. Disappointing that it took us 4-5 weeks and 6 GP appointments and 2 hospital appointments to get the results where we are… Thank you Dr Oluwakemi Ishola!

Author: Mandy O Sullivan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Crown Street Surgery go above and beyond for their patients...and Doctor Bradshaw has been amazing as my Doctor...greets u at reception to call u in..excellent Doctor snd staff ....you font get many like you do keep up the good work x

Author: Chrystle
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Myself and my little family have been going to Crown Street Surgery for years now. The receptionist's are kind and accommodating. Dr. Bradshaw is the absolute best.

Author: Debra Sharp
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Debra Sharpa month ago

Author: Rehmat Bhaijee
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an appointment with Dr. Newth today as I was concerned about problems I was experiencing with my left knee and leg. She had two trainee doctors with her. We dicussed my symptons, I had my leg and knee examined. I was very pleased with the guidance and excellent services I received. I have been a patient with Crown Street surgery for many years and I have always been impressed with the high quality of services they provide. I highly recommend them.

Author: martin Felvus
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Easy to find staff brill

Author: Tracy
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely miserable sounding young woman on reception when I rang first thing this morning! When she answered my call it was just as if she could not be bothered to listen to what I had to say, she even tried to hurry me off the phone! If you do not want to work there then move over & give someone else a chance that actually wants a job! She had NO customer service skills whatsoever!😒 Crown Street Surgery used to be one of the best however now it's definitely the worst!😡

Author: Becky Newton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We visited today with my daughter from a telephone appointment this morning with the Dr. He requested to see her on the same day as he wanted a better/'closer look. My daughter was apprehensive about going in but within 5 minutes she was high fiving, laughing and participating with the doctors request.Dr Hanayaka was amazing with her and so patient. Seemless from arriving to seeing someone. Her certificate stands proudly on the mantle place for being a great patient.

Author: lilly Corker
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Karen who is “apart of the prescription team” I had a very negative experience with her at this GP surgery. She was extremely rude, dismissive, and unprofessional when I tried to ask for help. Instead of offering support or basic courtesy, her attitude was abrupt and unkind, which made an already stressful situation worse. Reception staff are the first point of contact for patients, and it’s vital that they treat people with respect and compassion. Unfortunately, this was not the case here, and it has left me feeling very let down by the surgery.

Author: Di Oxley-Wilden
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Di Oxley-WildenLocal Guide · 60 reviews · 12 photos7 months ago
