Practice: WOODSTOCK BOWER GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: C87003
Postcode: S61 1AH
Google Maps title: Woodstock Bower Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 188
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodstock+Bower+Surgery/@53.4303377,-1.3762027,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWOODSTOCK+BOWER+GROUP+PRACTICE+S61+1AH!3m8!1s0x487976fe6c3cde8d:0x6cbb93b0c7b13b01!8m2!3d53.4303153!4d-1.3734502!9m1!1b1!15sCiZXT09EU1RPQ0sgQk9XRVIgR1JPVVAgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgUzYxIDFBSFooIiZ3b29kc3RvY2sgYm93ZXIgZ3JvdXAgcHJhY3RpY2UgczYxIDFhaJIBBmRvY3RvcpoBRENpOURRVWxSUVVOdlpFTm9kSGxqUmpsdlQyeENkazFzV2pCaU1FNVVUbGQ0Vm1WSFpISlhWVlp3WTFoYWJsTnJSUkFC4AEA-gEECEEQLA!16s%2Fg%2F11c206d01_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C87003-woodstock-bower-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carolyn Hardwick
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
They call. Make telephone appointment. Dont call. 2 weeks later they call. They made appointment and never told me

Author: Rickie Nixon
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This has to be the worst surgery out there!! Poor communication, incompetent staff, rude staff (at times). Virtual assistant is of no use at all, absolutely waste of time, need to speak to a person but yet someone will be in touch in 2 days… 2 days - is this actually practical or even helpful?! Woodstock Bower you have never been great, but now you are worse than bad or even poor. Disgusting to think that you are here to help and part of our NHS system Please stop, refresh, retrain and remember what you are there to do!!

Author: J “Vespa 101”
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I am Disabled and rely on the Doctors ,I had been ill and a out of hours Doctor told me I needed an MRI of my spine I told the Doctor at Woodstock bower and got told I have been referred and will get an appointment through the post for an MRI but I never did ,I contacted them further three times and got told again and again I would get an appointment for an MRI but still have. Not I have been waiting since June 2025 after further asking them I have now been refused and looking at.my records I got refused last year .they have caused me severe stress and upset that now I cannot trust them ,if I get ill further I will have to go to the Hospital.

Author: Teresa Meanley
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff at the chemist went above and beyond to try and order some brown and Burke cough meds for my hub as the currant meds he has been given dont work a dif brand of meds they have gone out of their way to order some cough meds even if this doesn't come I can personally say they are tryers when u are fighting for your life so u can breath and get on correct meds u need people like this on your side even if they carnt get their hands on it we are greatful to the team of pharmacist u are real legends we are greatful to you xxxx

Author: Simran Saggu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
To, WOODSTOCK BOWER SURGERY MANAGEMENT I am absolutely appalled by the way I was treated by the GP surgery receptionist, “AHMED” I have never experienced such a complete lack of compassion and professionalism in a healthcare setting. I contacted the surgery while going through a very difficult and distressing situation, and instead of receiving basic empathy or even simple courtesy, I was met with rudeness, dismissive behaviour, and, most shockingly, laughter while I was explaining what I am currently going through. To be laughed at while discussing personal health matters is humiliating, degrading, and deeply upsetting. Reception staff are often the first point of contact for patients who may already be vulnerable, anxious, or unwell. At the very least, patients deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. The behaviour displayed was completely inappropriate, unprofessional, and unacceptable in any healthcare environment. The lack of empathy shown made an already stressful situation far worse. No patient should ever feel belittled, mocked, or made to feel like their concerns are a joke. It reflects extremely poorly on the surgery as a whole. I sincerely hope this matter is taken seriously and addressed appropriately, because this type of conduct has no place in a medical practice. I strongly urge management to review the call recordings and listen carefully to how their receptionist conducted themselves . No patient should ever have to experience being laughed at or made to feel mocked while discussing personal and vulnerable health concerns. It was shocking, humiliating, and completely unacceptable. Not only was one receptionist rude and dismissive, but another female receptionist behaved in exactly the same manner. Instead of showing even the most basic level of empathy, both were unprofessional, dismissive, and shockingly insensitive while I was trying to explain what I am going through. At a time when I was feeling vulnerable and distressed, I was met with laughter and a complete lack of compassion. To be mocked or laughed at when discussing personal health matters is humiliating and degrading. Reception staff are the first point of contact in a healthcare setting and should understand that patients call because they need help — not to be ridiculed or made to feel like their situation is a joke.

Author: Diane Humphries
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant Dr and fantastic staff, would highly recommend Woodstock Bower

Author: Tania Ashton-Bray
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Only go to doctors when very desperate and feeling medically vulnerable. Looking for advice having already been to Pharmacy and bought items. This was after surgery a week ago in hospital. I came away feeling stupid and frustrated having been spoken to in the way l was. The issue was resolved but really question the manner of dealing with patients? Did get a smile from receptionist who did help.

Author: Nadeem Shan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery used to be a great surgery with so many amazing doctors in the 90s and early 00s. Now the standard of doctors has declined significantly. The reception staff are fantastic but are massively let down by the standard of doctors at this surgery. Lack of knowledge and understanding of general medicine has declined here alongside empathy and compassion. Need to improve drastically!

Author: Mehwish Mahmood
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Sue was absolutely amazing. She made me feel calm and reassured from the moment I walked in. She explained everything clearly, was patient, and had such a warm and comforting manner. Her kindness and professionalism made the whole experience so much easier. I’m really grateful for the care she provided.

Author: Mona Reddy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mona Reddy4 months ago
