Practice: BRINSWORTH MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C87009
Postcode: S60 5ND
Google Maps title: Brinsworth Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brinsworth+Medical+Centre/@53.4078896,-1.3832874,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487977b426ba3465:0xc0885600018e918e!8m2!3d53.4078864!4d-1.3807071!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjdqvwr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C87009-brinsworth-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Luke Wildsmith
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I wanted an appointment outside my working hours, non urgent so I don't mind waiting. What's wrong with offering me the next available evening appointment? Even if it's in 6 months time I would have been happy. All i got automatically offered was week day appointments (in 3/4 weeks time) and no option to reschedule or speak to a human. So now i have to book time off work. It didn't used to be like this!

Author: Christine Pascoe
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Christine PascoeLocal Guide · 54 reviews · 29 photos3 weeks ago New

Author: Waqar Hussain
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The nurse is absolutely amazing! She had prescribed me something that changed my lifestyle for the best. Thank you so much and carry on with your amazing work! Some people need to be recocognised and your one!

Author: Dawn Bradley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have to say this is my mother-in-law’s GP and they are absolutely amazing, the reception staff are the best I have ever known

Author: M Malik
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a lovely appointment with Tammy. She is an absolute gem. Blood test was painless and she explained everything she was doing. Honestly one of my favourite nurses there. She goes above and beyond. The nurses do so much for the patients. Also I never get a problem with the receptionists either. They do their best and are so friendly!

Author: A
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dr singh was very dismissive of my problems. I was told prior to the appointment I could speak a bout a few issues, I also don’t have time to keep booking in new appointments for each concern. He booked me some bloods and When I tried to speak to him about another concern I’ve been very worried about he dismissed me saying I only had ten minutes and couldn’t speak about anymore. THIS WAS AFTER MAKING ME WAIT HALF AN HOUR AFTER MY ACTUAL APPOINTMENT TIME TO SEE HIM !! Yes the NHS is busy but should still prioritise the patient with their concerns what else are they there for

Author: Alan W
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Giving this one star as it's the only way to post a review, otherwise it would be in the minus section. My mother passed away at home earlier this month, and I was told the procedure in obtaining a death certificate by the attending paramedics and police. What seemed to be a straightforward line of contact turned into a complete farce,in what was and is a very stressful and upsetting time.After receiving a call from the coroners office a pretty simple and sympathetic Q&A conversation took place.It was then explained that the next step was that a report from the coroner would be sent to her Doctors surgery for a signature to agree with the coroners findings. Then from there to the medical examiners office for confirmation and finally onto the Registry office. The coroners report was sent off on the same day that I had spoken to them,and that l would be contacted within a couple of days by the ME.A week went by and I had not received any calls. I then got in touch with the ME only to be informed that they had not received any notification from Brinsworth surgery. After several phone calls to all involved, it turned out that the surgery had sent the report back to the coroners office instead of the medical examiners office,and they had sent it back on the same day as they had received it. The matter was finally resolved with help from the medical examiners office, and I was then able to get an appointment with the registrar. During one of many conversations with the surgery, out of curiosity I asked if they had the phone number for the medical examiners office, they told me the number that they had,to which I pointed out, was the wrong number, and I then gave them the correct one!!! This is not the first time that I have issues with this surgery,and after having treatment in the Rotherham hospital last year, my mother was discharged and given slight changes in her prescription. The changes being quantity wise.After several days of no medication being provided, the local pharmacy said that they had still not received any communication from Brinsworth surgery. After calls to the doctors I was told that they had received the drug prescribed from the hospital but not the dosage required. I asked the doctor if they had spoken to the hospital,as my mother had now taken no medication for a few days, the doctors response was that it's not our responsibility to keep asking and they had called twice in the last few days,but had not got a reply. I made ONE phone call to the hospital, explaining the situation, they apologised and a replacement prescription with the dosage was sent the same day to Brinwsorth. INCOMPETENCE IS NOT A STRONG ENOUGH WORD FOR THIS SURGERY.

Author: david wilks
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have to say everyone complains about doctors receptionist. However today I met Karen, a wonderful lady that sorted out everything we needed to help my Mum. Thank you

Author: Jimmy 1867
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely a joke this surgery needs taking over to turn it around and make it like everywhere else

Author: SH3RMSY
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting GP and awful service with abosulutely IDIOTIC receptionists who are trained awful by the practice. Just did my first health check with blood tests and the restults came back suprising with nearly double the severe level of cholestrol which apparently I just need a routine phone call with a doctor waiting a MONTH for the appintment. My mother has had 2 stints due to heart attacks and she has similar level of cholestrol and when she was diagnoised with this level of cholestrol, her GP from another region immediately put her on medication and this was before she had her heart attacks. WHAT A JOKE!!! Receptionist are too thick to understand I need an appointment sooner than a MONTH!
