Practice: WICKERSLEY HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: C87015
Postcode: S66 2JQ
Google Maps title: Wickersley Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wickersley+Medical+Practice/@53.4223627,-1.2825016,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487975ac176dfcb1:0x821e93ea69cfb3cf!8m2!3d53.4223595!4d-1.2799213!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11btwr94nt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C87015-wickersley-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chyrell Wright
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have seen Tracey and her bed side manner is amazing she listens and helps you the best way she can she is the kindest person I have ever met and only trust her with my health condition she is the only one for me she has helped me sooo much along my journey of long time health condition honestly if you have seen other doctors they havnt got the time Tracey makes time and a amazing beautiful woman inside and out You all need to see Tracy

Author: mahmoud sabet
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
All aspect poor and a lot of improvement needed to get to basic level of a care setting. Shocking, trying 2 days variable times to return a call and vm left for me. Impossible. Have been tempted to change to different practice several times. Not good at all. Saying this GP’s bless them when you get to them are good The organisation part of this practice needs a Shake up Worse ever care setting one can imagine Updated feedback on 14/6/2024 Far worse to what it was and getting worse There is no hope at all for this practice to improve Waste of public money and the NHS resources Filled Amina Health this morning They pass me to eye clinic just to pass responsibility nothing else Eye clinic Rawmarch never contacted me, therefore i called them. Reception says eye infection is Pharmacy first so go to pharmacy. If this was the case why GP surgery says “we referred you!!” I did but the pharmacist says not them to manage as my current self remedy is better than their medications. They agree medication i am asking them but it is prescription only. Reported this to GP surgery reception, asking if on call could consider a prescription for this. She sat behind her desk 5 meters away!!!! talking to me (why) then accusing me why you shouting! Why a reception should be so arrogant and rude and not come forward to desk to talk!!! Lady! To get my voice to you behind a glass wall 5 meters away i need to shout, just common sense ,which possibly some do not have. Then she says ok you need to fill another Anima on Monday!! Why? To go through same process 3 days later!????? Rubbish, disgusting, no hope and failing beyond recovery Asked now to put a message for on call team to see if they can do anything. She said she sent message. I have all rights not to trust or believe her. The final word was if anything, we call you by end of working day today or next Monday!!!! Who ever follow this trend see a failing service. It means to be healthcare, anything but care Most of all i am really sorry for you which cannot get a grip. i am not sure what is stopping you to improve, you need pause think and act. An update 11/3/2026 Today after many many month needed to speak to GP admin again After they laughing on phone first time and after 5 sec cutting the call off, had to call and wait again to connect It felt we were in a fight than a conversation In fact fight starts as soon as you connected. Their automated message threatens “no abusive language…” from start 😁. Why? Why do you think people may become abusive or upset better way to put it. “Break down of communication” is evidence based for conflict. Have you ever thought one side of communication is YOU and is could be you the PROBLEM. So sad that health care is changing worse especially with this particular practice Gosh. What a experience! No sense of care felt at all when dealing with these people I was so tempted to contact CCG, then decided to be the better person and do not waste already stretched resources

Author: keith yeaman
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Having suffered from repeat chest infections over the last 4 months , and had twelve lots of antibiotics plus steroids, I phoned the doctors to see on of my own doctors, which the receptionist booked through Anima for Thursday 12th 9am , I wanted to discuss my on going chest problems and see about changing a medication which lowers my immune system, instead of thinking all these chest infections, he might need further investigation , NO the doctor cancelled the appointment and said contact the hospital . This practice is losing its duty of care . I CAN HONESTLY SAY, I'D NOT COME TO THIS PRACTICE, IF YOU WANT TO BE CARED FOR .

Author: John Wright (Bob)
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Appointment on time & nurses very good & efficient. In & out within 10 minutes.

Author: Ana Barr
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment this morning and saw Tracy (Doctor). Brilliant service. Felt that I had been understood with my issue and as a result came away happy

Author: K N
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been at this doctors over 20 yrs and never experienced such awful service. Walked in on a Friday 16th Jan at 9.10am surgery waiting room was empty not one person waiting. The Anima app wouldn’t allow me to put my symptoms on hence having to go into the surgery so the receptionist could help ( she was lovely the one in her twenties sorry if you are a little younger but you were very helpful and it’s important to say that ) then later that day got a phone call from senior receptionist who said there were no appointments today but we can send you to Morthern Road surgery to see a doctor there on Saturday morning ( she was already sending people over there at 9.10 as I overheard her on the phone with someone giving them a Saturday appointment. I asked why I was being sent over there and she said there was no appointments ( what about Monday ?) Went to see the so called doctor ( which it wasn’t it was a locum nurse ????) didn’t find out until I had to ring back to Follow up my own appointment as needed blood test , water test and an Xray Xray was not sent through to the hospital for over 9 days after me having to ring the receptionist twice (no one had read the notes ) it wasn’t until I rang the 2nd time that I actually got another receptionist who did it there and then while I was on the phone that I was then able to ring the hospital for my appointment which I got the next day which was on the 27th January after seeing the initial locum on the 17th. The receptionist rang me to say I have an abnormal blood test and that I need to see a doctor however that appointment isn’t until the 27th Feb so I am assuming I have nothing to be concerned of ( or have I ? ) Never go to the doctors for anything unless there seems to be something untoward so I would really just like to see a doctor when I first come not 6 weeks later. Oh and by the way still waiting for results from my Xray as no one has gotten back to me so another week has passed and no communication let’s just hope nothing sinister is going off in my body 🤞 Oh forgot to also mention the 2nd time I called up around 3pm on the 26th January I was on hold for 51.44 minutes and I was caller 7 then when I got down to caller 1 it was another 20-25 mins

Author: Shaun Watts
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rubbish never get in and women on reception think she a doctor always wants to send you some where else

Author: SELO
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
no issues with the doctor’s once getting through the firing squad at the reception.. Update.. we have now left this practice and joined stag medical centre, the difference is astounding friendly professional reception staff and good service all round, wish we had done this long time ago..

Author: Blades HubYT
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are patronising and extremely rude. Considering changing GP’s.

Author: Adam Parnell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Moved here 6 months ago, by far the worst centre I’ve ever used, every time I get an appointment they send me to the other side of Rotherham for it, nothing ever gets followed up, incredibly slow.
