Practice: MOSBOROUGH HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: C88078
Postcode: S20 5BQ
Google Maps title: Mosborough Health Centre
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 105
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mosborough+Health+Centre/@53.3255287,-1.3673293,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48799c597abb38cb:0x863110e833c16fd8!8m2!3d53.3255255!4d-1.364749!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11hcxrgmx2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88078-mosborough-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Amanda Gurnhill
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Both my boys young had scarlet fever and there did not for them and said im being over the top with my boys i would say never take ur kids here as there dont help this is with two different doctors with them and always say im over the top as mum we know when kids are not well i will never go back there with my sons or for myself

Author: Nadine Ellis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic reception caring doctors the on line appointment booking is so easy

Author: Jane Bond
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Difficult to contact now they have gone internet only
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Hi Jane. Thanks for your review. However we’d just like to clarify that we haven’t gone internet only. You can use our online form to directly contact a GP between 8am and 2pm, or submit an admin query to reception after this time, which makes it much easier for patients to directly contact a GP. If the online option doesn’t suit, then the telephone lines remain open as normal and reception can fill out the online form on your behalf. As the majority of patients now use the online form, it means the average waiting time on the phone is much less, and therefore also makes it easier to contact by telephone.

Author: Kate Pestridge
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I sent a message to the GP today and within 20 minutes my request was approved. This has saved me and the practice so much time. This isn’t the first time they have given a first class service. Thank you Team Mosborough.

Author: Rowan B
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff are always polite and genuinely listen to what you have to say. I have multiple ongoing health issues and compared to my last GP who couldn’t care less, they have been amazing and in just three months have sent me for more tests than I had over the course of three years at my last GP. Wish I didn’t have to be in here quite so often but I’m glad to finally have a GP that takes my healthcare seriously :)

Author: Maria Jackson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
After 15 years being a patient I’ve definitely had problems at this practice. It took what seemed a life time to be referred to MSK with Rhumatoid Arthritis. Endless visits and crippled with pain to be told it was fibromyalgia and not given any information or help. The only medication I was given was deloxatine and no pain management or medication This was finally resolved when I basically said I couldn’t cope any more and demanded a second opinion and referral to see a specialist. My diagnosis was rheumatoid arthritis that had not been treated and had spread to most of my joints including my jaw and also internally they tested my internal organs My heart was enlarged and I had damage to my lungs I had seen so many different doctors I’d lost count and I’d already decided to complain I received an agreement that I’d be seen by pacific doctors and my care would be better managed This lasted and I was happy until my doctor retired , unfortunately things went back to the way the were and consistency was zero Then my other doctor retired, the results to me were devastating. I tried to keep my distance from the doctors and just saw the nurses I needed for my bloods etc I had my first knee replacement 2024 and my left full knee replacement 10/09/2025. The hospital discharge after surgery means that your GP provides your aftercare !!!! I have had no care from this practice They have cancelled two wound check appointments and I’ve managed to speak to a doctor once despite being in absolute agony. My wound could have been rotten but not one person even tried to fit me in to get my wound checked The receptionist was ok until I said I wasn’t fit to attend a hub or walk in Then she advised me to get care from the hospital, I rang as told and the hospital sorted out with this receptionist an appointment I rang the doctors to confirm this and was told this appointment had gone She then gave me an appointment on the day of my physio which I’d told her about I could hear the abrupt spite in her voice I made the appointment and cancelled my physio The next day I had a call and my wound check was again cancelled !!!!! Disgusting and incompetent service from a doctors surgery / health care provider. I’m so annoyed especially when I know it was deliberately done Let’s see if they actually check my leg I’ve had zero help and support from the staff at mosborough health centre after major surgery Strangely the nurses are still giving flu and covid jabs on the first but my wound check cannot be done until Thursday because they only have two nurses and ones sick The other on holiday Wonder how they can justify not giving me aftercare ???? The reception staff are both rude and obnoxious treating patients like idiots They are incompetent and need to work on customer care skills If this health centre has over 700 patients then why is there only two nurses that are able to provide surgery aftercare and work around each others holidays and sickness I know things are changing so why have more staff on reception when it’s unnecessary as all done online This health centre needs to be investigated as it doesn’t meet public needs

Author: Pauline Eastwood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Waiting time for appts too long. Online booking system problematic.

Author: Jane Blythe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I used the online form to request an appointment this morning just after 9 am. I was contacted within 10 minutes and an appointment made for Monday afternoon. A truly excellent service all done very professionally. Thank you.

Author: Josephine Smith Price
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I use to find this surgery and team amazing. Recently when I have needed help . The doctor not so amazing. The pharmacy who I use for my repeat prescriptions had to inform me my GP would not do my repeat prescriptions this happened a few times. After the first time, I called ( after a seriously long wait) and eventually got to speak to a receptionist. I explained I am away from home caring for a family member needed my 5 lots of meds. I was told I needed to have a review, I then tried 8 times to get an appointment. So no meds, I’m late 60’s caring for family with terminal illness, no one to support me whilst I come all the way to the surgery no one to step in to care for my family whilst I did if I even had an appointment. I tried again to get my prescriptions and eventually got thru, lovely receptionist did help and contacted the doctor, I was 4 months without meds, tried 8 times to get appointment, without success, atrocious! A doctor called me back told me without blood test she couldn’t give me one of my meds because it was too serious ! I was horrified to hear this my bp is off the scale without this med she refuses to give me without blood test, I’m at the palliative care centre daily and nightly with my family member I told her this but still no meds, and I asked what about the other 4 meds I have also on same prescription! They are ok !!!! So why not let me have those then ???? Why keep me without them for 4 months? WHY?? Eventually I got part of my meds 4 months but still an item other than the dangerous one! I had to call again another long wait !!! Eventually another receptionist heard me out and understood and went to the pharmacist and voila a prescription allowed. What part of unable to get an appointment with you after 8 attempts! Do you not accept was your fault not having the right system in place for patients. What part of not supplying a patient their regular repeated meds without a call to them is good practice. What part of after listening to that patient explain they are away from home, caring, for end of life family member , whom they are with 24/7 so they don’t die alone is unable to travel and in total bits but trying to hold it all together what part is ok to say to them that you can’t let them have their bp meds without having a blood test and can you go to the drive through blood centre, what part is ok to say to them it’s too dangerous to give you that medication !! When I’m at my lowest emotionally, and don’t need any more stress, maybe reassure me it’s ok to go 4 months without this med? Why not call me after you refused after month 1 what part is ok to not send the other items on the prescription which are ok why stop the whole of them WHY ??? I am appalled utterly appalled!

Author: Paula Bryan
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic new service at the Mosborough Health Centre. I have used the link 3 times since the new service started and all three times I have received a phone call straight away to off me a same day appointment- well done MHC !!
