Practice: DEVONSHIRE GREEN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C88076
Postcode: S3 7SF
Google Maps title: Devonshire Green Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Devonshire+Green+Medical+Centre/@53.379567,-1.4808266,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879827fb9f7c79b:0xb0f4d540ec43a4a5!8m2!3d53.3795638!4d-1.4782463!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v0lk8_k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88076-devonshire-green-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richard
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently been dealing with a complex issue and Terri the receptionist along with Dr. Brown have both been incredibly empathetic, understanding and helpful in helping me find specialists. They have demonstrated a level of professionalism which was polite, informative and their care has made me feel most at ease during treatment. Thank you.

Author: Ridha Benzid
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
just called to have appointment to see the doctor there was no one in phone when I finally ritch some one I explained what it is they send me to walking centre instead I live 2 min away from gp and I can't walk that distance because of the pain seriously this gp it's going down hill all time

Author: Faisal Hussein
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Faisal Hussein1 reviewa month ago

Author: Tegan Holland
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
It’s a lovely practice. Clean and clinical and both the doctors and nurses are great. However the receptionist is really rude, and the booking system is absolutely terrible - you have to be on the online portal after filling in a triage form for 8am on the dot, otherwise you’re not getting an appointment at all.

Author: bunnymimipipi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The Asian receptionist was rude. I get in and say hello, she didn’t open the glass door nor tell me to wait. No smile, just point to the ticket machine. I couldn’t get my ticket then I try to tell her, since she didn’t open the window she couldn’t hear my word and I couldn’t hear her, the only thing I can hear is “registration” and she was pointing at the sofa there, so I bring my kids to sit and wait. Then as time pass, I go over to her again, she reluctantly lift her head up with impatient look then I said I have an appointment, then she search my name on the PC said I was late for the appointment and I have missed the appointment already. Nothing she can do about it. This is not helpful, no empathy, no respect , poor customer service. I think as a medical center that people seek medical help, you shouldn’t turn away people for being few minutes late. Sometime the traffic was bad, no parking space around or kids and elderly hard to move around, poor experience.

Author: Manpreet Kaur
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most worst service .. they cannot give right medicine but cannot give appoinment for another GP . Health and safety zero. This place makes me more depressed.

Author: Jaime Davies
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went in today. Had a man who was condescending as anything who tried to shame me for not getting a latent tb test done, and lied saying I could spread it. When told that my prescription would only arrive after 5 he assured me that the pharmacy only closed at 6. So I’ll in winter I walk to the pharmacy only to see that it in fact did close at 5 and now I have no medication at all and will have to miss another day of work. Absolutely shocking.

Author: M D
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The new system changes mean that I get a response from the medical centre without waiting in a phone queue, or getting up at 8am to get an online appointment

Author: simon fearn
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I feel compelled to post a review as the surgery in general gets a kicking, together with its poor review ratings. I can’t disagree with recent negative reviews, however the surgery management has recognised its short comings and this has lead to many changes and improvements over the last few months. The patient call back service is one of the most noticeable improvements and now we have the online portal. It’s not for everyone, however this should make a massive difference to most when arranging an appointment In recent times the reception staff have been pretty good to be fair. The GP’s and other support staff, such as the nurses etc have been fantastic and extremely efficient. Let’s give the changes time to ‘bed in’ and I’m pretty certain, in time, it’s going to be 5 star rating from most

Author: Gypsyry
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Silly and exhausting appointment system... Really rude and unprofessional receptionist
