Practice: DUKE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C88030
Postcode: S2 2TD
Google Maps title: Duke Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 134
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Duke+Medical+Centre/@53.3786262,-1.4580201,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879829e8e52d4c7:0xcfdaf963938d7fa0!8m2!3d53.378623!4d-1.4554398!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tx1sqmh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88030-duke-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rachel Ross
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t believe how efficient the online forms are - every inquiry or request I have had has been responded to within hours, without needing to unnecessarily wait in a telephone queue or attend the surgery. So impressed that I had to leave a review!!

Author: steel city properties Sheffield (yorkshire)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I'd write an essay if I could be bothered to waste the energy but in one word "diabolical" and don't try to get an appt urgently or a call back as neither will ever happen believe me.. sat waiting 3 hours for a call to then have to goto the surgery to be told it's been dealt with ...no call no correspondence nothing at all... Utterly shambolic... And to be told just goto A&E as we don't do urgent appts (even after being told by the walk in centre last night to book and arrange ASAP due to blood pressure, and suspected hernia... Please please avoid at all costs and think of your health as it might cost you more than the 7 wasted hours it did me. And also don't fall the for incompent staff who answer the phone basically saying I was lying when it didn't mention anything about filling triage forms in on the website /telephone when awaiting to book appt and also when it doesn't let you book an appt.. arrogance at its finest...even when realising it's got to be enabled by the surgery 🙃😡 shame there's not minus ⭐ available, never ever known such poor patient care or lack of knowledge or compassion ever!!!

Author: Leah B
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist staff were very rude - I called at 4pm and they said that if I’m unable to attend an appt. the following day at 7:20am or 8am, then I cannot be seen any other day. Unfortunately I said I was not able to attend those appts, so they actually said I cannot call back on any other morning/ any other days (like the usual process) & they actually said this was my only chance EVER. This is clearly not true, and it is rather alarming they lie to patients like this. In the end, they agreed I could speak to the GP via the telephone at 8am instead. I believe they booked the appointment at 7am instead, just to spite me, as I then missed the call at 7am and they said I had then missed my slot. Incredibly shocking. They did not identify themselves by even just their first names, which is quite strange as this is something that is clearly displayed on the NHS app call logs.

Author: Uruemu Odeghe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic GP service. Available appointments in relatively shot time. Very thorough care and consultations.

Author: Bullo Abdullah Darı
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best

Author: Lorna Shim
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had an appointment here this morning and to be quite honest felt like it was a waste of time! Because I’m a nurse I felt like I wasn’t taken seriously and was actually told because I work at the hospital I could get advice from doctors there!! Which is rather insulting and inappropriate! Needless to say I have come away with no treatment plan or way forward! So I’m left struggling with my mental health and pain and numbness in my arms hands and fingers also neck! Palpitations unstable blood pressure.. I may as well have stayed in bed! This is such a shame because I was seen by a locum . The regular team of doctors are absolutely 💯 amazing . I can quite honestly say that I could have an appointment with any one of them and receive the best care and attention.

Author: Noizy Poet
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Noizy Poet12 reviews · 2 photos6 months ago

Author: Diane
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can mot fault this surgery . I find the receptiln staff friendly and helpful they will do anything in their power to assist . The doctors are approachable,easy to talk to and friendly. I wouldn't change my surgery for anything.

Author: Lara Anderson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Afzal has been incredible, I've always had very quick responses and felt heard and understood. Great medical centre

Author: Binup Limbu
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't like this. Duke Medical's service is always discriminatory.
