Practice: FIRTH PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: C88035
Postcode: S5 6HH
Google Maps title: Firth Park Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 92
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Firth+Park+Surgery/@53.4173085,-1.4481367,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487978312b70d3dd:0x47bff4948e247f4b!8m2!3d53.4173053!4d-1.4455564!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tr8l2l9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88035-firth-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sumaira Bi bi
Date: a day ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sumaira Bi bia day ago New

Author: Alex Richard
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We always have a problem with women who work as secretaries. They answer the phone while they are talking. The problem is that they always hang up on us, claiming that they do not understand or cannot provide any assistance.

Author: Emma Mosley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I dont know where I would be today without my Dr. He is so understanding and helpful. He always delivers great patient care. To be honest I havent had a bad experience with any Drs. They all have been lovely, caring and understanding. Sometimes I think Drs are not recognised for how hard their work. Especially with so many patients. The pressure must be hard at times. The receptionist are always friendly to me and also helped me so much when I have been having my bad days. By trying their best to help me and try to calm me down. Thank you Firth Park surgery. I am grateful to be your patient. Just to add I think the triage system is so much better. It helps supports my needs as sometimes I find it difficult to interact with people. Including the call back service when you need to call the surgery. Again this helps my needs massivly. Well done again guys keep it up :-)

Author: Fedor Horvath
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Fedor Horvath1 review8 months ago

Author: Maryam Ali
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst service ever I’m fighting for past 4 months to get crucial medicine on prescription which my son has been put on 4 months ago he is having 3 different types of seizures which last more then 15 minutes thanks to hospital they been providing medication for him due to surgery been stubborn and irresponsible.Since Monday I have been running around for his medication and today is Thursday still nothing has been done.My sons health been put on risk by Firth park surgery it includes staff, receptionist,pharmacist and docotors!

Author: Emilia Dunkova
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Emilia Dunkova9 months ago

Author: Abo Almuatasem Mohammed
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP. Most GPs allocate some days from 8 am until approximately 12 days to see the doctor, while this GP requires an appointment, and the closest appointment is days away. That is, the patient continues to suffer for days until he is able to see the doctor, who then transfers him to the hospital to do some tests. These are very tiring routine procedures.

Author: Darren Davidson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
receptionist not helpful at all . needs to listen what is been said. abrupt. should be retrained or given a back office job

Author: Eleana Hall
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Was a former patient here until 2015 and recently moved back because they were brilliant before. Have been with them since September (ish) 2023... Well this time round has been a shambles, having to chase up referrals constantly is a nightmare, and on top of that they managed to pull up a previous phone number and give it to a person regarding mental health support, who then left a voicemail on said number (luckily it was someone who was understanding and not otherwise). Then I called up to check the phone number situation, the reception team at the surgery denied it would have come from them, yet the person who obtained it could have only got it from them. Also had that number on my sons details when I double checked everything. He's literally too young to have ever had that particular number written down on anything for him... Massive GDPR and potential safeguarding issue! Imagine if that message had been left on someone's abusive ex's phone! This surgery needs to sort out their stuff regarding detail checking stuff. Oh and this wasn't the first time I've had to change the details and remove the number. Yet still.it remains... Admin. Sort it out. Could cause someone some really serious issues.

Author: Natalie Woodward
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Natalie Woodward1 reviewa year ago
