Practice: WOODHOUSE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: C88072
Postcode: S13 7LY
Google Maps title: Woodhouse Health Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 157
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodhouse+Health+Centre/@53.3578176,-1.3748555,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48799d0a79e05c5b:0xd2976786b4e08122!8m2!3d53.3578144!4d-1.3722752!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tnsrg43?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88072-woodhouse-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: H S
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I took my husband to the dr on Wednesday. No physical examination took place, he was dead by Sunday. He was 47. If you sit infront of dr 4 days away from death & they don't notice, I'd say people don't worry about getting an appointment here, its pointless anyway.

Author: Ryan Elvin
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Good luck getting a appointment unless your a subby Skelton resident

Author: Kim Gervis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
No opportunity to give a minus rating -Trying to make an appointment since 8 o'clock this morning following last nights ambulance call out. Phone physically switched off with auto msge saying cant connect. It is not a choice but a necessity and cant even get to first base. What a joke, a complete and utter joke. Keep calling as I need to pass on notes from ambulance service and at least speak to someone - disgraceful service. Update, after nearly 3 hours of trying managed to request a call back. At 11 am call came and explained. No appts left and to call back tomorrow when appointments are released. Said not willing to do to that as todays debacle will only be repeated. Told me to email ECG results - no thank you. THAT WON'T GET ME AN APPT WILL IT? Something seriously wrong with that set up.

Author: Ellen Chapman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You now have to wait 7 days to even ARRANGE a non urgent appointment, meaning there is now a waiting list for even ARRANGING an appointment. Receptionists here are rude. I've been under 4 different gp surgeries in Sheffield and this is by far the worst. Horrendous ego driven management

Author: Gary
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A Joke! But then all GP surgeries are like this these days. GP surgeries are no longer a place to seek care; they are merely a carousel for repeat prescriptions, and Woodhouse Health Centre is no exception to this rule. I ended up having to seek private medical care after being left in agony all day trying to simply get some painkillers. No appointments, no callback, nothing, nada, TOUGH! Just a brick wall of unhelpfulness. I recently relocated here from Manor's White House Surgery, and the experience is identical. If you need anything more than a repeat prescription, then don't waste your time. Go to the Walk-in, A&E, or plunder your savings for Private medical because you haven't got a cat in hell's chance of getting help from these clowns! It's rather sad, really, that the NHS is in such a sorry state. It begs the question of why we still pay National Insurance. We'd all be better off with an opt-out and divert our hard-earned cash into a service that actually works.

Author: Dawid Kiszewski
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I hope this review finds everyone that is looking to coming to this place with a newborn or a child, I have a 7 week old baby girl where we’ve been back and forward multiple times screaming for help as our baby is suffering with few issues and we have had ZERO help, not interested in what we’ve been telling them, showing them videos of our daughter screaming in pain and according to them it’s “normal”, they gave us no advice, weren’t interested in looking to see if she has a tongue tie, they just told us “it will pass” they tell you to book appointments at 8 o’clock AM when they open but when you ring they are already fully booked and can’t pre book appointments, your appointment is never on time and your having to wait 20/30mins sometimes to be seen. I do not know how this place is still running, there’s a reason why this place has 2.1 rating. If it was down to me this place would have been shut a while ago! We had to go private to all our appointments and spend hundreds of pounds to get the help we been after and for people to sit and actually listen to us and give us the right hep we been needing. If your reading this then my ADVISE is stay away from this doctor and find one that actually cares about your children and your feelings especially!

Author: Lexie McFadden
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lexie McFadden1 review3 months ago

Author: Sonia Burke
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting they need closing down been waiting to get an appointment since Monday tell you to ring at 8am and still can’t get one…. It’s Wednesday today and same again can’t get one … That’s it for me changing doctors….

Author: Maria Wood
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Update ... it says their receptionist are trained care navigaters . Spent ages to get through this morning for them to transfer me to pharmasist triage who has just rang and told me they cannot perscribe to a patient on diabetes medication so now have to wait again for them to call back . Why couldn't the receptionist have just let me see a doctor like I asked for . They cause more anxiety tut tut . Would have given no stars if it had been possible . I can't change surgeries due to not being able to travel but this doctors gets worse by the week not by the month / year . Each doctor gives a different diagnosis for the same thing . Constant mistakes being typed up on notes and I mean constant as I read them on the app . Chasing up medication , chasing up referrals . There is a board in the surgery with a long list of doctors names so you think that's good yet there were only 2 doctors I saw actively calling in patients so what were the others doing or were they even there . I am still suffering with chronic pain a year down the line as they are extremely unhelpful and dismissive . I've just tried to call and voicemail says its closed yet on website says its open which this also is not a one off oh and good luck getting an appointment !!

Author: ArchSixx
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
"Please call us as the problem ypu have seens urgent and this is for none urgent " calls them during opening hours "the health center is currently closed".... yano what after a week of being ignored if this infection doesnt kill me ill do it myself cause lot of good you lot are..
