Practice: MANCHESTER ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: C88044
Postcode: S10 5PN
Google Maps title: Manchester Road Surgery, Sheffield S10
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Manchester+Road+Surgery,+Sheffield+S10/@53.3804555,-1.5230883,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487982075078123f:0x7d3b5c43f962ce80!8m2!3d53.3804523!4d-1.520508!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfcyb4f?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88044-manchester-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kate S
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Completed the form 10 days ago. No response except from one to say there were no doctor's rotas at the moment. Very poor

Author: Cyrus Eivazi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cyrus Eivazia month ago

Author: Paige Reardon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been impressed with the service tbh quick and feel listened too

Author: Flora Kozma
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely fantastic, efficient and thorough care received at this GP surgery today. Got a same day appointment within 15 minutes of submitting the online form and the GP ( Dr Harborne) was excellent.

Author: Linda Barnes
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am really impressed with my surgery . Since the ability to use the online Klinik service the responses have been quick and straight forward . I haven’t used it often . Today has beaten all records . The form looked to have changed since I last used it and now has a facility to query medication . Perfect for my issue, instead of going through unnecessary questions . I completed the form at 8 am ish hoping for a response within the day . To my delight a response came through at 8.51 !! Having worked in a surgery environment in the past and knowing the difficulties currently in the press, I can’t praise Manchester Road enough

Author: Paul Chandler (Paulo.)
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
A very comfortable reception area with very pleasant receptionists and prompt service but very limited roadside parking .

Author: Lauren
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new booking system is awful. Clearly a lot of patients aren’t happy with it and it needs to be addressed by the partners and management. I’ve Been told I’ll be called back so many times and never have been. The communication between admin staff and clinical staff seems really bad. I imagine the surgery is extremely understaffed, however the new booking system seems to be dangerous to patient care and adding more stress and anxiety for patients.

Author: amz
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Relatively new to this practice and have found them fantastic and extremely helpful. Personally I think the online/accurx booking works very well and have had no issues getting blood test and smear appointments that fit around my busy schedule.

Author: Account User
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
ABSOLUTE DISGRACE I have tried on several occasions to book appointments with this practice and not had success. I am complaining about their bookings process which has been implemented in recent years. For many years, patients were able to book an appointment at the reception desk as normal. However, when I tried to make an appointment last year, I was told I couldn't do it at the surgery, with the actual receptionist, only on their website, which is uncared for and outdated. I had a great battle to get an appointment last year. I tried to make an appointment today, I looked on the website but the system was not working. I went to the practice in person and asked the receptionist to book an appointment (this is a fairly normal and reasonable request, you'd certainly think so at a GP surgery). The receptionist refused to make me an appointment and said that it can only be booked online. At first she said it can only be booked ON THE DAY you want an appointment, which is absurd. She said that appointments cannot be booked on the reception desk, which begs the question of the point of having a reception desk, especially as there is a computer device in the porch now for patients to make the doctor aware that they've arrived. She then said that appointments can only be made online and between the hours of 08:00 and 11:00, just a three hour window! Patients may have busy lives to lead and family, work commitments and other such duties, it's careless and unreasonable to only allow booking ON THE DAY and only booked BEFORE 11:00. If it's an online portal, then there should be the option to make the booking at any time. It's appalling that I cannot book an appointment at the reception desk, that is what the reception is supposed to be there for. I've been with this surgery for my entire life and never had any problems making an appointment until they changed to this method. It's absurd. The whole desk was bordered up with a glass partition too, which can make communication difficult for the hard of hearing - not that the reception service would be of any use to those who can hear - as they can't/won't do anything! Appointments should be able to be booked at the reception desk.

Author: Liz Cousins
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Filled in an online form 3 weeks ago for an appointment, and ended up leaving the surgery as there was no response. A doctor that asks why you have come in, yet he had told me to go back. Docotr is always late by at least 30 minutes. Gets reception staff to lie for him and just rude and obnoxious. Been a patient here for many years but the good doctors have all left.
