Practice: OUGHTIBRIDGE SURGERY
Canonical code: C88040
Postcode: S35 0FW
Google Maps title: Oughtibridge Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oughtibridge+Surgery/@53.4359204,-1.5436313,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48797ecfe52f3b8d:0x7b06642b1e658e50!8m2!3d53.4359172!4d-1.541051!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjt1g4p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88040-oughtibridge-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lucy Baldwin
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can only say good things about this surgery from my experience. Very efficient and the system for getting appointments and triaging is really good. On a few occasions I've needed to be seen same day and there are always appointments available for this. There is good communication, the reception team are always really helpful and the doctors have generally been really nice too. I have a few ongoing health conditions so I've had a lot of contact with the surgery and can't complain about anything!

Author: Elaine
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Some doctors do listen others cant push you out door quick enough it took me 6 n half hrs to get a responce from 8am in morn 3 phone calls later but cant have app till morn this triage thing is absolute rubbish get back to original place when you can pick day/time only ppl getting morn/early app are the elderly shame as this could be good practice

Author: Ramp e
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was seen by Dr Hodge and was met with complete disregard to my situation, had no respect for me and spoke to me as if I was beneath her. She told me I was lying about my situation when there is clear evidence that I am being truthful . At my last GP I was prescribed a medication with no addiction risks, I asked for this same medicine as it has no real addiction risks and did help my condition of muscle spasms. I was then told because her and Dr Sears didn’t know what it was that they couldn’t help and then advised I seek illegal drugs from the streets to help with my condition. I’m in utter disbelief of how I’ve been treated and feel like there’s no real point even reporting it as it’s so unbelievable what was said. Hopefully when the complaint goes through they admit to what has been said but overall these two Drs were very very rude and just treat anyone struggling with an addiction who is trying to get better, like absolute crap.

Author: dean Harding
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
dean HardingLocal Guide · 41 reviews4 months ago

Author: John Moore
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
John Moore6 months ago

Author: James Whitaker
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service provided. Required vaccinations for a holiday. From enquiring, completing the paperwork and having the jabs took 1 week. The practice nurse was great.

Author: L R
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the receptionists is really horrible. I rang to say I was going to be a few minutes late which is nothing compared to the over an hour wait you get when in the waiting area anyway. She first of all hung up on me once already while I was in the queue so I had to ring again. She then said my name in an angry way and said they’re cancelling my appointment and it’s my own fault for being late in so many words. Then got mardy and said I needed to rearrange my appointment so I asked if I could do it now on the phone and she was huffing and went “hhhh YEP” and I booked it again. I then said I am sorry for going to be a bit late as I’m very not well and I also have agoraphobia so it’s a big deal to go outside even just for a blood test. She then was sighing and interrupted me and said “YEP K bye” and hung up on me a second time. Which left me feeling absolutely rubbish and now I’m more anxious about going to the next appointment. It’s not the first time she’s been like this there’s been multiple occasions when I even ring up for results and she speaks to me like I’m stupid for asking questions about MY OWN HEALTH.

Author: Ruby Ocean
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Now, I transferred from this Doctor's Surgery about 3/4 years ago for very good reason, but I still have family members who attend. I'm speaking partly on myself and their behalf. I was at this surgery since birth, and I can say as a teenager trying to get appointments was so challenging, you were cast aside, the reception never picked up the phone, and if you tried to book an appointment in advance, they wouldn't allow it and said you'd have to call at 8:00am on THAT day. When you did call at 8:00am, they either;- A. Never answer the phone. B. You're in a queue of 30+ people despite calling at 8:00am on the dot. C. Told they were no appointments after being on hold for a very, very long time. After being diagnosed with a condition, which took them years to put a name too, I was told there was no cure and I would have to live with it forever. They didn't even recommend anything to help the condition or subside it. I was in pain for many, many years, it wasn't until I transferred doctors, that I was told properly what the condition was, how it CAN BE MAINTAINED, and directed me straight to the local hospital for an appointment and treatment that is actually working. I had 10+ years taken away from me that was full of embarrassment, pain and no answers. Myself and family members have had to constantly wait for phone calls, or texts from the doctors that never get received. You have to ring the doctors yourself for results which is beyond bizarre. Furthermore, one of the worst things is trying to collect your prescription from the local chemist when the doctors haven't even sent it down to them - the amount of times we've travelled back and forth from chemist to doctors to try and find where your prescription was, was a NIGHTMARE and very time consuming. I know this is a long review, but it's from years and years of frustration. The receptionists don't take you seriously, and their rude on the phone and in person. When you do see the doctor they're rushing through the appointment as fast as they can and even put things you're concerned about to ''stress and anxiety'' and when you've been waiting for an appointment for weeks or even months to be told this, is such a slap in the face. I realised when I moved doctors on how much I've missed out on, and how patients should be treated. I can only hope my family does the same in the near future. The pressure of the NHS is high, and I can understand the stress on some GP's, but that is no excuse to neglect your patients who you're supposed to care for and help.

Author: Chase
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery, there is a single receptionist which is helpful and the rest just huff and moan at you down the phone for wanting to speak to someone or make an appointment. Appointments are impossible to get and more often than not it is really is a massive hassle trying to get through at 8am waiting in a queue of 20 people to be told at 08:04 that there is no appointments I can only presume it is due to the part time doctors. When you do get to see or speak to a doctor they are pretty useless, Penty and Izard seem to listen and be helpful and sympathetic to your issues however people like Sears are just argumentative, unhelpful and I have only heard bad things about how he treats and bully's patients. I sent in a formal complaint which was ignored and I know others who have done the same but nothing will ever change with this place, it has been the same since the two Dr Moorhead's left. They were great doctors who always provided exceptional service. I was supposed to be referred to other hospital services but a year later and still nothing, this isn't the first time though. EDIT: in addition to this an appointment today I was called a liar multiple times just as I had at a previous appointment. I walked out and then the doctor realised she was in the wrong so tried to apologise. The doctors in this place are atrocious. Additional Edit: Now i presume because of reviews and formal complaint I am being taken off medication that is required.

Author: Ian Black
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent caring service thanks.
