Practice: BARNSLEY ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: C88091
Postcode: S5 0QJ
Google Maps title: Barnsley Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barnsley+Road+Surgery/@53.4246338,-1.4592947,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4879784b2c19be5f:0xf80401315ad72272!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879784b2c31cfa3:0xa77ce2be83f92533!8m2!3d53.4246306!4d-1.4567144!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf7rnfz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/C88091-barnsley-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emma Stacey
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Emma Stacey2 weeks ago New

Author: Paul Curtis
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great receptionist and a very good understanding Doctor

Author: Ryan Hardy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rarely use NHS services, mainly due to the awful reputation. But in my moment of need I used the app, and I received a call within the hour. Offered a range of options for an appointment, being that I’m a working man, and struggle to make general opening hours. The triage lady that called, was prompt professional, polite and personable. Let’s start to give these hero’s the credit they deserve. Day in day out, shouldering everyone else’s problems, with little or no gratitude. A* from me.

Author: Charles Agyepong
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad surgery. The receptionist hang up phone call at will. Can't get answers to simple questions. Difficult to get appointment.

Author: kymmie861
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since Julie an ellen left these phone services are absolutely dreadful. Everytime I ring I'm 7th in line then takes nearly a hour to get through to them! I'm sure there using the phone for there own personal calls cause why else would it take so long. If I could give this place no stars I would cause they don't deserve it I am now looking for another doctors surgery.

Author: Georgina Sensonga
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Georgina Sensonga5 reviews · 1 photo6 months ago

Author: Lisa Fierka
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't fault this surgery at all , been with them all my life( 37 years)and would be lost without them . They help in so many ways other surgerys don't! And that's a fact! The staff are all lovely and work harder than you think, they multitasking to make sure things get done and always do their best and Always have. doctor vatsala is lovely too always makes sure u get the right help needed and takes time to listen to you what is needed too if anything is. Always listens when other doctors haven't , I cant thank her enough. Think before you moan that something is taking too long e.c.t = phone cue, not only are they answering to you but also sorting the person that walks through the surgery door or maybe having to go get a answer from a colleague or maybe a doctor or nurse for the person on the phone that might need help/important advice, just think if was you and what they do for you they also doing for all of their patients . This surgery is the best by far and always will be. I thank every one of them that works here and has worked here in past and takes care of me and mine. I know im very lucky to have a doctors like this And people don't realise how lucky they are too at this surgery. They go above and beyond to help us all here So please think about the doctors/nurses /receptionist how they help and do for us so much what other surgery don't! People only give reviews on bad things but never about the good they do and I completely know 100% I have the best doctor /nurse /receptionist all at this surgery and very grateful for all they do for us. They may read our reviews and might make them feel better at that point for us that have noticed they are human too and need to feel okay instead of just making others are feeling okay . They ignore their own needs to tend to our needs so be grateful what you have here as many dont have these people =(doctors/receptionist/nurses,physiotherapy,e.c.t ) I thank you (( all )) from the bottom of my heart for what you have done and still doing to help me and my familys health. Please remember when you do come in to your jobs that we know it's not just a job to you that work here , we know you take ur own time on making us all better here that are at this surgery as patients and very grateful and honored to have you as ours so thank you so much for everything and you all do the best for us. You make a lovely difference in our lives by helping us so please remember that if you ever have a bad day okay xxx Love from ,Lisa Taylor & All Family too. Thank you 😊 🫂

Author: Ishtiaq Ahmad
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been r‌egistered with this surgery since early 2017 and Doctor and staff are always polite and helpful۔When ever I need to see the Doctor I get the appointment more likley same day۔I am very please and thankful to the doctor and rest of staff

Author: Kerry Fletcher
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff are very rude and practise manager just allows them to do this, they are very unprofessional and judgemental do not use this surgery if you need mental health help they are awful THEY was at fault leaving me without medication and then use my mental illness against me

Author: Mel Smith
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I think one reception staff wants retraning it happens all the time every mth I order my medication and if I get her I don't get my pain medication I am sick to death of being left with medication when I have ordered it so once again left all weekend again with no pain meds well done Barnsley roda medication centre I am definitely going to be looking for a new doctor sick of it
