Practice: HARSTON SURGERY
Canonical code: D81058
Postcode: CB22 7NP
Google Maps title: Harston Surgery
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Harston+Surgery/@52.137823,0.072535,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d879729eee344b:0xa4d7c796daff3a6b!8m2!3d52.1378197!4d0.0751153!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfrllmp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81058-harston-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richard Lloyd
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kind and caring staff. I don’t get on with the online services.

Author: Kathleen Kinsey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kathleen Kinseya month ago

Author: agora agora
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Based on my personal and devastating experience, particularly over the last 3 years, I believe this GP surgery failed in its most sacred duty. I am sharing this not out of anger, but from a place of profound hurt and a need to warn others from entrusting and endangering their lives here. What I endured went beyond medical error; it was a sustained campaign of deliberate harm, triangulation and obstruction, motivated by prejudice and a sadistic desire to destroy my life by several members of the surgery. The emotional and physical toll has been immense. I was systematically violated, bullied and betrayed by those I was taught to trust. Instead of being safeguarded, I was subjected to even more abuse by several of the people here during the worst times of my life. The deliberate sabotage of my care with specialists didn't just damage treatment—it traumatised me during my most vulnerable moments and caused real, documented deterioration in my health, prognosis and ability to recover. I have lost my ability to trust any medical facilities again. If you want to be physically harmed, conspired against, permanently traumatised and blacklisted from seeking medical care, by all means, go to this GP surgery.

Author: Malcolm James
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Malcolm James3 reviews · 1 photo4 months ago

Author: Arnold Hunter
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What a joke two days in a row now phone up at 8:30 stuck in a que for over 30 minutes just to get told all doctors are now fully booked. Now have to wait until Monday lets hope I don't die before then.

Author: Christopher George
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great staff and medical advice

Author: Flavia Musoni
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I think there have been great improvements the service over the past year. Every time I’ve called with a health concern for my baby, I’ve been given an appointment and diagnosis the same day, either in person or over the phone. I appreciate that services are over-stretched and the GPs are over-worked, yet they take no chances when it comes to babies’ health. Dr Ferrier in particular has been incredible! She’s highly competent, efficient and compassionate. The new nurse is also great! She explained potential side effects of each vaccine, and gave a step by step explanation of she was going to administer the vaccines to my baby. I was more relaxed this time around as I knew what to expect. She also put the leaflets from each vaccine pack in my baby’s red book, so I had appropriate information to refer to.

Author: Thea Helena
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
On the phone for over an hour trying to get through to be told to call back in the morning. Something is very wrong with their phone lines, cutting out all the time and having to ring back again. Reception staff have also been rude and dismissive when I speak with compassion and care as I understand it can be a hard job. One woman won't get off her chair when you talk to them through the glass which is very embarrassing with a waiting room full of people hearing what you say as you have to basically shout across at her.

Author: Sophie Smart
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yes the staff are pushed to their full potential, undoubtedly they have very difficult situations and patients to deal with daily. Occasionally there is a slightly un-empathetic response from the reception team but I know how much strain they are under and are fielding difficult situations by the minute. The medical staff are outstanding, in particular Dr Ferrier who looks after 3 generations of my family. She always goes above and beyond her remit as a GP, incredibly knowledgeable, caring and compassionate and most importantly listens. This is why having small GP surgeries are so important, there is continuity of care where Doctors know their patients by name.

Author: rebecca kenny
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
rebecca kennya year ago
