Practice: CORNERSTONE PRACTICE
Canonical code: D81052
Postcode: PE15 9BF
Google Maps title: Cornerstone Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cornerstone+Practice/@52.5488679,0.0886981,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d80609455f8f83:0x7e71481c00f2c22c!8m2!3d52.5488647!4d0.0912784!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v27trtr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81052-cornerstone-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lee Hayes
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
It was easier for me to move my medical records to Mercheford House and get an appointment there, than is was to even speak to someone competent at this disgrace of a health centre. It took less than 24 Hours to change practices and get to see someone face to face. I have been a loyal patient at this surgery for over 40 years. For four decades, I have praised the doctors and the care provided here, but the recent "modernization" of their booking system has turned this practice into a fortress designed to keep patients out. The surgery chose this system, yet they refuse to take any accountability for the chaos it has caused. The experience of trying to access healthcare here is now characterized by: Administrative Gatekeeping: The new booking system is a total failure. Emails are ignored, and the phone lines are perpetually queued. When you finally do reach a human being, the receptionists are staggeringly blunt, condescending, and rude. A Lack of Basic Compassion: When I raised legitimate concerns about the inability to book a simple appointment, I was told to "take it up with the government." This is a cowardly deflection. The government didn't choose this specific, broken software—the surgery management did. The Death of Continuity: For a long-term patient, being told you can no longer book over the phone is a slap in the face. They have effectively barred the door to anyone who isn't willing to fight through a digital obstacle course. It is a tragedy that such talented, fantastic doctors are being hidden behind an administrative wall of incompetence and hostility. You cannot provide "care" if you make it impossible for patients to reach you. After 40 years, I expected respect; instead, I received a "take it or leave it" attitude. If this is the future of the practice, it is a dismal one

Author: graham greene
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great care taken. Very helpful

Author: Arthur Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Arthur Smith3 months ago

Author: Neil “BlackCatTrader” Paterson
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Please can someone phone me back? I waited on hold twice for ages then you hang up. The whole health system is broken isnt it? Is that how you reduce the wait times. I hate you.

Author: Filthy Mcnasty
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
TERRIBLE PRACTICE,FROM THE PEOPLE BEHIND THE DESK TO THE DOCTORS,A BOUNCH OF INCOMPETENT PERSONS.THEY BARELY KNOW WHAT THEY DOING. ONLY SAME DAY APPOINTMENT,YOU CANNOT BOOK IN ADVANCE SO YOU HAVE TO BE LUCKY TO FIND A SPACE THE SAME DAY OTHERWISE,IF YOU ARE WORKER,YOU’LL LOSE LOTS OF YOUR HOLIDAY!!!THE SISTEM IS COMPLETELY WRONG!!ALSO THEY FORGOT TO SEND PRESCRIPTION TO MY PHARMACIST,AGAIN I’VE WASTED LOTS OF TIME OVER THE PHONE. AVOID AVOID AVOID IF YOU CAN!

Author: Drew Suttle
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It never ceases to amaze me how you can sit hitting redial repeatedly when calling first thing on a morning and as soon as their phone lines become activated you can sit at no.4 in the queue, finally get through and are told "no more doctors appointments available today". 4th person to get connected and no appointments left. A prime example of overbooking pre-booked appointments leaving no chance to get seen unless you wait a month for pre-bookings.

Author: Michael Ogden
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You cannot even get hold of them on the phone. We pay taxes for this total lack of patient care !!

Author: Mariann Gucsa
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was there with my newborn baby, first time the doctor made us wait 45min even though we had an appointment. The second time we were waiting 1hour and 15min for a two month check up. By the time we got to the doctor’s room my baby was all fussy and hungry. She counted his fingers and checked his genital it was 5minutes, couldn’t even ask her or have a conversation as my baby was crying on that cold counter top, she even made a joke out of him saying don’t cry, you will be just more hungry haha Cruel and unprofessional! I am not taking my baby back there m, ever!

Author: Sarah Whyte
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst g.p I've ever been to, I'm now moving, the doctors and prescription nurse, talk down on me, me and my daughter was waiting for a hour for our g.p appointment, even though waiting room was mostly empty. Prescription nurse and doctor hard to talk to and they only offer phone appointments now,

Author: Marc Brants
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Marc BrantsLocal Guide · 19 reviewsa year ago
