Practice: ORCHARD SURGERY,MELBOURN
Canonical code: D81018
Postcode: SG8 6BX
Google Maps title: Orchard Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Orchard+Surgery/@52.0802709,0.0162716,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d87f6b908673a3:0x48a057bbddfc3f4b!8m2!3d52.0802676!4d0.0188519!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgwlyts?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81018-orchard-surgery-melbourn.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kayleigh Erickson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are lovely, but the receptionist is incredibly rude and dismissive.

Author: Channy Chan
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
New phone/online form triage system is so much better. Well done to the practice for changing to a more effective system. Receptionists are nice and helpful too.

Author: John Gwinnell
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy with new online triage arrangements, which connected me quickly to the appropriate person. Subsequent appointments have been excellent.

Author: Jenn
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since I moved to the practice (and village) over 2 years ago from Royston Health Centre (now Granta) I cannot be happier. The care and attention has been second to none. I can always get an appointment when I need one. Never have issues getting through on the phone. The reception and admin team are knowledgeable and helpful, you never feel rushed. A special mention to Olivia and Dr. David Collette who work tirelessly to tie up health care loose ends and take a holistic approach. A friendly and deeply caring GP practice, the best I've ever been to.

Author: Erudio
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to book flu jab as living with immuno-suppressed partner. Was told by reception, who consulted a nurse apparently, that you have to be on carers' allowance to get a jab if under 65. That's just not true. Living with someone with suppressed immunity is one very clear pathway to the jab in the 2025-26 NHS letter that outlines the necessary criteria. They don't even know the guidance, which is rather worrying. The government are telling us to get jabbed, and this surgery is refusing access against government guidance.

Author: Marlene Wittkopp
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with Orchard Surgery for well over 20 years and never had any problems with being seen in person. A big Thank You to Dr Dunajska who squeezed in an appointment on very short notice and helped me significantly with my problem at that point. Cannot fault the team!!!

Author: Rebecca Game (lifewithbexi)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t speak highly enough of Orchard Surgery. The staff, nurses, client care team, and doctors are absolutely amazing. Everyone is so friendly, caring, and genuinely listens, which makes me feel heard and supported every time I visit. I’m truly grateful to have Orchard Surgery as my practice they always go above and beyond.

Author: donal o' keeffe
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I've been here for 4 months. Ive had one cancelled prescription. I've received someone else's prescription. I've had information about a diagnosis ignored from a previous GP and today I get a text that the blood test, i took a morning off work for, was mislabelled so now I need to book another appointment waiting in a queue for half an hour. They also don't do prescriptions that can last more than a month like my last GP, effectively doubling my medication cost. Definitely the poorest GP I've ever used.

Author: Marie LaRose
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m new to the area, I say new but 3 yrs in and my experience of this surgery is nothing short of exceptional, the best GP surgery yet!

Author: Mel Hanley
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Having recently transferred from Granta (who are abysmal service-wise) to Orchard Surgery, I have nothing but good things to say! The building is a tad rustic and it would be handy to be able to book appointments online (hence 4 stars rather than 5) but I personally cannot fault the service at this place. The reception team are really friendly, it’s always quick getting through on the phone, I really like the form system (collecting details of what the problem is before the appointment), and the doctors are all really friendly and thorough.
