Practice: PRIORS FIELD SURGERY
Canonical code: D81036
Postcode: CB6 2RB
Google Maps title: Priors Field Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 37
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Priors+Field+Surgery/@52.388878,0.121029,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d80cec61c5ad79:0x96f0f0eab464bc82!8m2!3d52.3888748!4d0.1236093!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcxz24s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81036-priors-field-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Claire Bloom
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have only been with them for a few months and I have to say this Doctors are amazing. Receptionists are so helpful, twice I have needed appointments and the whole service was wonderful. Thank you all very much.

Author: Catrina Pearson
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since the doctors have been taken over I can’t say anything but a positive review!! My son who is highly autistic so struggles naturally and most of the doctors we have seen have been great, and understanding! They take their time and don’t rush which puts us at ease! All the ladies at reception do a fantastic job and make sure they can help you with any questions.

Author: frances marshall
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've had nothing but good experiences here in the last few months ..dr, nurse and receptionists all helpful and efficent. I think they are under new management..

Author: Hayden Markwell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The new Doctors and Nurses are really nice and friendly. Most of the Reception staff are friendly some of them have an edge about them. The service which provided is good however some what difficult to get a appointment quickly. I will continue to use your Doctors so will the rest of my family.

Author: Paul Jeffs
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Massive improvement this year, nice staff, doctors and nurses. Askmygp service is on point.

Author: Stephen
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
BEWARE - TYPHOID VACCINE. Requested the vaccine specifically by name for upcoming holiday. Received phone call stating I had to go to Hadenham pharmacy for all travel. When I pointed out the nhs website states the vaccine is free on nhs they backed down. But they are clearly trying to save money by pushing you down private route. Shame on them

Author: Jess Mynott
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I want to give zero stars this GP is still awful I get booked in for the wrong type of doctor who clearly can't be bothered to do her job today she read the wrong blood test results and refused to investigate my symptoms further until I booked (wasted) another day off for another pointless appointment for the doctor to explain my blood test results even though I said multiple times that those aren't my most recent ones the ones she was reading was done many months ago I know this because I have the my GP app which tells me my recent results she just didn't want to do her job And after that she said if your symptoms are still the same I *guess* you can book another appointment with me I feel like I want to cry I'm not getting any help at all and I might have to go private When ever I get blood test results they don't tell me what's wrong I have to find out by an app and then I have to push to get them from them and then they want me to book a meeting with them to explain it like I have all the time in the world and don't need to work for a living I gained a diagnoses on my my chart that was never explained to me I believe its valid for what symptoms I have but it would have been nice if an actual person had told me and how to prevent flair ups but no as usual I get radio silence from them

Author: eee
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
eee1 review8 months ago

Author: G
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The Nurses and Doctors are very nice, however I find the reception team abrupt (almost rude). They don't close the doors during lunchtime, but if you walk in because doors are open, you get told they are on lunch. Not very professional - if you are on lunch and don't want to speak to patients, lock the doors! I had a query about a prescription, but was told to come back after my appointment, even though there were patients still waiting to be seen and no queue behind me. It would have taken them a few minutes to check, but clearly they weren't ready to start their shift as they were still putting on their name badge on front of me! Again, not very professional.

Author: Brittany Capps
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unable to get through to the surgery, it just said user busy, then when I did get through I was on hold for 25 minutes for my call to be cut. Very bad service and the manager of the surgery doesn’t seem to care
