Practice: TRUMPINGTON STREET MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: D81013
Postcode: CB2 1RG
Google Maps title: Trumpington Street Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 77
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Trumpington+Street+Medical+Practice/@52.2034117,0.1151292,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d870bd3a57c297:0x1fa39f5fd4937706!8m2!3d52.2034084!4d0.1177095!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w3w297s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81013-trumpington-street-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alex Simons
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Total lack of compassion and care on the part of the receptionists, who are not just incompetent but insist that you follow an online system that doesn't properly work. I totally agree with the bad reviews, I recommend that you read them. This practice is so negligent that it's dangerous to be rely on it, particularly if you have a serious medical condition.

Author: Christine Forbes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Their CQC rating is from 9 years ago. The accessibility is atrocious. Fill out a form between 8-11 on a weekday(impossible for me as I have a busy dental clinic) or try again from 1:30(impossible again as this is lunch/admin time). You call them and reception are rude and dismissive. ‘Fill out the form- whenever you explain that you can’t they reluctantly fill it in for you.’ There is no where on the website to escalate dissatisfaction- odd since they are so ‘high tech’ otherwise during the hours of 8&11 and again at 1:30pm. Perhaps these magically appear on the website on these hours. There is no email depicted in which we ca write to staff. The entire process is opaque and setting the patient up for failure. NBevan would be turning in his grave is he seen that this is what our NHS has been reduced to. Furthermore apparently if you are pregnant they don’t want to know- reception-“the midwives will be in contact, they will take care of you.” No congratulations, not explanation of care division, my needs, expectations. Nothing. It’s either ‘comply or goodbye.’ It’s simply put not a good surgery for working mothers. Particularly and ironically if you work in healthcare. Unless you have an emergency. The entire booking system and accessibility is set up so as urgent care is easy and routine cumbersome. Must affect their stats in a positive way. I would avoid this surgery if you want any regular easy run of the mill care. No accountability, ease of access, nor clear complaints policy. They are due a CQC Inspection soon- get it together guys!

Author: sabina mazzacurati
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had very bad experiences.....sometimes it happens to see a good gp bur very rarely. Appointments are impossible to book.

Author: Anis Kibboua
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely fantastic GP Practice, I was transferred here when the trumpington medical was closed, and I cant recommend this practice enough, super quick turn around times whenever I've had a need for them. Really attentive doctors and staff. I cannot thank the staff there enough. Thank you

Author: Sebastiano T.
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very efficient, appointment was on time. Staff is very kind. Only issue is parking, so use a bicycle instead 😉 …

Author: Alexey Filippov
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Quite busy now that Trumpington has grown, but was okay through the years.

Author: Jennifer Sims
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
There's so much negativity about the NHS that I felt I had to feedback my positive experiences with the clinic and Addenbrookes this week. Non-urgent X-ray on Tuesday at 9.30am, results on MyChart by 6pm the same day, and a GP call the following morning. Routine blood test on Thursday at 8.50am, results, trends, and analysis on MyChart, by 5.50pm. Many thanks for what I think is a first rate service.

Author: simon beere
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
simon beereLocal Guide · 22 reviews · 41 photos9 months ago

Author: Xixi Zhu
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been a patient at Trumpington Medical Practice for years and have always felt supported by almost every GP here. Unfortunately, my recent appointment with Dr Parker was very different. I’m under a consultant psychiatrist for chronic insomnia and take a Class C medication exactly as prescribed. Dr Parker: Criticised me for “still” taking the medication and asked why I couldn’t just stop, disregarding my specialist’s plan. Suggested I “have a drink” (alcohol) instead because “it works on the same pathway.” After checking NICE/NHS guidance, I cannot find a single recommendation that supports replacing prescribed medication with alcohol. This encounter left me upset and has undermined my confidence in the practice. I’ve submitted formal complaints to the NHS and the General Medical Council. I hope management addresses this quickly, because every other doctor here has been professional and caring.

Author: Annica Curtis
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Pros: Nice staff and good care Cons: ridiculous admin system where you can't event complete a form at a convenient time.
