Practice: FIRS HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: D81028
Postcode: CB24 9NP
Google Maps title: Firs House Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Firs+House+Surgery/@52.245415,0.0327984,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sFIRS+HOUSE+SURGERY+CB24+9NP!3m8!1s0x47d8713ac0a64735:0x50ceb924a6b85d96!8m2!3d52.245415!4d0.1090161!9m1!1b1!15sChtGSVJTIEhPVVNFIFNVUkdFUlkgQ0IyNCA5TlCSARlmYW1pbHlfcHJhY3RpY2VfcGh5c2ljaWFu4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1tfjdt1w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81028-firs-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ann H
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant GP surgery. Always get appointments quickly after contacting them. Really emphatic and knowledgeable doctors and nurse practitioners who provide excellent care for their patients.

Author: Alex Watt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to make a basic medical query via the website and keep getting told I use the wrong form, via a text I can't respond to. It's a poor system, heaven knows how anyone gets treatment here, my previous surgery was bad, this one is worse. More an it issue that one with treatment as I haven't managed to get a (non urgent) appointment as yet.

Author: Amit Lodhia
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wrote this review a few years ago, and it is based on my experience here when I was a patient. I hope they've improved for the sake of the patients, but who knows. The surgery used to be one of the best, but their interest in patient care has lessened over the years, and especially since they've taken on the new appointment booking system. The number of times I would be on the phone from 8am in a queue and then by the time someone answered at 8.15 or 8.20, the appointments would be all booked, is far too many to count. When I did have an appointment, the doctors were barely interested in seeing me. I had one appointment where I was seen by a locum. He organised a full blood test and then I heard nothing after. I still had the issues and had to book another appointment when it again became too much for me. I had to send photos in, rather than actually being seen and more than 6 months later, I've still got the issues. In 2021, I had a blood test, which showed that my vitamin D was deficient. I wasn't told and it wasn't picked up in subsequent visits. I have just been through my past blood tests after being told by my new GP that I am deficient and seen that I was deficient back then too! I've recently moved to another surgery, they've noticed straight away that I'm deficient and immediately advised me of what to do. Looking up the symptoms, I have been suffering from Vit D deficiency for the last few years! Why was this not picked up in the blood test in 2021? Another time, a doctor advised me during a visit that if a patient has a cough for more than 3 weeks, they need to be seen. My wife had filled in the online form a few weeks before this and explained she had had a cough for more than 3 weeks. She received a text message to say it wasn't deemed urgent and wouldn't be seen! I said this to the doctor and he apologised and said to try again?! There have been more incidents where they weren't interested in patient care but I haven't got the space to write it now, but they really need to have an audit. My mother needed to be urgently referred to Addenbrookes for further support, it took about 6 months for the referral to be sent!! One day, she was having a very bad episode, so I called and asked what the situation was with the referral (after about 2 months) and for her to be seen, I was spoken to in a way that they seemed offended that I was asking for help for my mother! Several times, it was found that a doctor had seen my mother, said they were referring her and nothing had been done about it!! As I said, this surgery needs to be audited and checked. They seem more intent on turning patients away and less interested in helping them, even after seeing them (if they're lucky enough to actually be seen)! I have now been diagnosed with arthritis and my current surgery sent the referral to the hospital within a couple of days! So it really is disgusting that it took Firs House nearly six months to send my mother's referral to an already busy clinic!!!

Author: Mary Workman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Was amazed that I got a text to arrange a blood test and was even more surprised when I was allowed to choose the time and date on line ! Let's hope this new system is better than the last !

Author: Laura
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic practice

Author: John Cochrane
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Generally GPs are ok if you get to see them. Problems are the standard 6 week wait for non urgent appointments and chaotic admin processes that often lead to mistakes

Author: Peter Harrison
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very impressive efficient service.

Author: Sarah Low
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
People are quick to complain but I wanted to say what a great service I’ve received on the last 3 visits to Firs House. From the booking system to Sharon the lovely nurse . Thank you , the system seems to be working in everyone’s favour .

Author: Marko Velić
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Update Jul 25: the newly installed check in screen is installed at a height where I have to stretch my arm up and anybody standing behind me can see my date of birth. One point taken from the management. Five stars to the nurse who took my blood. Very gentle and quick and no fuss. One star to the management who decided that there should be a noisy, out of tune radio on in the waiting room for "confidentiality reasons" (even though it was not on the day before). A digital radio going in and out of tune, blasting adverts at a considerable volume.

Author: Matt Hickford
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good GP surgery, obviously has same problems as others. Mad that its website doesn't have the address or even the words Histon or Cottenham.
