Practice: WILLOW TREE SURGERY
Canonical code: D81629
Postcode: PE2 5RQ
Google Maps title: The Willow Tree Surgery
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 130
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Willow+Tree+Surgery/@52.5445324,-0.3054362,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877f21af992ce3d:0xd5ca45b8ace4092b!8m2!3d52.5445292!4d-0.3028559!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc46hbrc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D81629-willow-tree-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stephen
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
I took my son to update his vaccinations. Our experience was very positive. The surgery appeared to be clean, good spacing in the waiting room and pleasant. Reception was swift and efficient. The nurse was caring, professional and welcoming.

Author: Simona Bustea
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Really bad attitude at reception, you can see they don't want to be there. Try in any ways to make appointment, I called in the morning, walking in on 8am. Is been 3 weeks and nothing. The worst GP in Peterborough.

Author: James Frost
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking practice AVOID. Reception staff rude. Never actually be able to see any doctor. My schedule blood appointments never get done in over 6m

Author: Sam Hayward
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very dated medical advice. Unsupportive regarding premenopausal treatment. They don’t recognise the role they need to play in ADHD referral.

Author: Gee Call
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been registered with this surgery for two years, and in that entire time, they have done absolutely nothing for my healthcare needs. Not a single thing. This has been the most frustrating and frankly dangerous medical experience I’ve ever had. The new doctors at this practice are shockingly unhelpful. You practically have to yell at them just to get any action taken on your health concerns. There’s a disturbing pattern where they seem to wait until your condition worsens before they’ll actually intervene. I never thought I’d become suspicious of doctors’ motives, but this surgery has confirmed my worst fears - it genuinely feels like their business model relies on patients getting sicker to justify more appointments and billings. The approach here is dangerously passive. They’re dismissive, reluctant to prescribe, refer, or take any meaningful action whatsoever. It feels like they’ve turned healthcare into nothing more than an appointment factory, booking patients in to hit their base rates while actual patient comfort and health outcomes don’t factor into their decisions at all. Over these two years, I’ve been repeatedly fobbed off, had my concerns minimized, and had to fight tooth and nail for even basic medical attention. There’s no follow-through on treatment plans and zero continuity of care. You are not a patient to them - you’re just a billing code. If you value your health, find another surgery immediately. This place is disgraceful and frankly should be investigated by the CQC. When a patient leaves a surgery more suspicious and cynical about doctors than when they arrived, something is fundamentally broken with that practice. Patient comfort doesn’t matter here. Your health doesn’t matter here. You’re just a number to them.

Author: Rose
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called up 4 days in a row at exactly 8:30 (time they open) to sit on hold for half an hour and be told there’s no appointments available. In the end I had to pay for a gp appointment because I needed medical care. I spent 2 hours of my week on hold! The receptionist who I spoke to each day was blunt and cold with zero empathy. I know it’s probably not their fault with the nhs being underfunded but there must be a way for pre booking an appointment or even just a phone call with a doctor? Calling for same day appointment clearly isn’t working. Thank god I haven’t got anything more serious wrong with me or I might never get diagnosed or medical care.

Author: Daniel Marshall
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible..called up dead on half past 8 was 15th in the queue waited half an hour to be told theres no appointments. How can they not have 15 appointment slots. It's disgusting.

Author: Simon Wilson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with them several months now. I selected them because they were close and because, unlike the other local practice, they were welcoming and made it easy to register (the irksome bits of the process are all down to the NHS, not the surgery). I was a bit concerned about the low ratings, but so far all the staff have been great and the service and care have been excellent. The trouble with feedback is that people normally come here to complain, and this gives the wrong idea about the surgery. Many of the faults people identify are faults with the NHS and not with the surgery. It's much better than some of the reviews suggest and, though it could do better in a couple of areas, I am very happy with my decision.

Author: Chan Sker
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Chan Sker6 months ago

Author: linda milliken
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sent request via nhs online form to find out from my gp if it was OK for me to start taking magnesium supplements with my current medication as advised by NHS guidelines. I received a message to call the surgery who then told me to go to Pharmacy and ask them ! I was quite frankly gobsmacked by this response! You can't get to see a GP without 1st Jumping through hoops .. and now they are too Lazy to answer a query . What do they actually do there ???
