Practice: WELLS HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: D82038
Postcode: NR23 1JP
Google Maps title: Wells Health Centre
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wells+Health+Centre/@52.9548893,0.8498957,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d776818ca84649:0x5ec14d7387083cb8!8m2!3d52.9548861!4d0.852476!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc28d0dw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82038-wells-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dave Airbrass
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Time after time the staff are so helpful adopting a can do attitude

Author: David Jones
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless at times. Misdiagnosis, blood tests intended for someone else, failure to carry out an investigation into surgery failings, and generally unsympathetic and offhand with one or two exceptions. Seriously considering consulting a Medical Negligence solicitor. 1 star at best.

Author: Angela Gower
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was on holiday in Wells next the sea last week at half term. I became u well with cold & chest problems. I was running out of my ventolin inhaler and was becoming wheezy. The staff at the medical centre were so very helpful, kind and reassuring. Within and hour they arranged for a face to face appointment with a medical practitioner & ensured I had all the medication I needed to help me cope with my medical needs. I was able to continue & enjoy my holiday . Thank you to all the team at Wells I was very impressed.

Author: Marie Hallows
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Whilst in holiday I found myself in need of some antibiotics. Called at the centre and was given an appointment with a doctor later that same day. Doctor Ador gave me a thorough examination, she was lovely, and I picked up my tablets, 10 minutes later from the nearby pharmacy. A big thankyou to all at the health centre RUSSELL HALLOWS

Author: Frank Henderson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank all the staff at Wells Health Centre for all their help, advice and treatment received. Being on holiday my own GP practice was not able to help and advised me to phone 111. They were able to help to a certain extent, but not completely satisfactorily. After visiting Wells Health Centre, they registered me as a temporary patient. Carried out the necessary tests and made an appointment for me to see a member of the medical staff on the same day. I received expert advice and was able to pick up my prescription from the practice dispensary. All in all the staff were exceptionally helpful and professional. If only all practices were like this the NHS would be a far better place. Thank you all again. Frank Henderson Leicestershire.

Author: Linda Kelly
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fabulous practice. Staff are attentive and accommodating. Well done Wells!

Author: Kat Moo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was solo holidaying alone, with my small poodle in a Campervan. ( which I have done for many years, and visit this area of Norfolk once or even twice a year) I had a bad barking cough that got worse, and being asthmatic did not help at all. I rang my GP surgery and got a locum who insisted I ring 111, which I did twice, get checked out, which was easier said than done. 111 were really no help at all they only posted 2 reports to my GP and no recommendations for some anti b which would have stopped my situation becoming worse. 48 hours later I was desperate and could not breathe at all, in fact I thought I was dying as I couldn’t talk very well and my heart was racing. I had already rung up this lovely surgery ( which appears is maned by angels), and they made an appointment for me with a very kind doctor who recognised what I required. They even looked after my little dog (Zebby), which is unheard of these days, as this was a big concern for me should I need to be sent to hospital. With the meds prescribed I feel nearly back to my normal self. I am still coughing a little at night but nothing like the hacking for 7 hours for the past three days. When I feel more like my normal self I will return to my own county Derbyshire A MASSIVE THANKS TO SHEILA, DR HITCHCOCK, SUE THE PHARMACY LADY AND ALL THE STAFF THAT HELPED ME WITH MY DILEMMA- you guys are the tops 💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐💐🐩

Author: Ron Morris
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Not as it should be.

Author: John
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Whilst stuck in the harbour on a boat during bad weather one of our crew had an extreme flare up due to ulcerative colitis and began losing a lot of blood. This practice flatly refused to help us in any way whatsoever. Fortunately it transpired that the people of Wells are a damn sight more helpful to visitors in distress than the local GP practice are.

Author: zena ehdego
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing staff !!
