Practice: MUNDESLEY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: D82053
Postcode: NR11 8AR
Google Maps title: Mundesley Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mundesley+Medical+Centre/@52.8760629,1.4299728,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d74fdb51764caf:0xef761b1eebac9259!8m2!3d52.8760597!4d1.4325531!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wrgjdz_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82053-mundesley-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: andrew wells
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank everyone at the practice for being so helpful and kind Especially Dr M for helping me get the help and treatment needed for my complex failed abdominal surgery! Thank You

Author: Petunia
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Petunia8 reviewsa month ago

Author: Karen Warwick
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have great care from the gp. Very happy

Author: Charlotte
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Charlotte3 reviews4 months ago

Author: A Lakin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Nice staff

Author: Barbara Worsley
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since Covid and the introduction of practitioners within the practice I have to say that for me personally this has worked extremely well. It has meant that I have seen a medical professional quickly and that the treatment I have received it’s been excellent. I have found from my initial contact with Receptionist and admin team right through to the medical staff Everyone has been extremely helpful and courteous.. This is the Nhs at its best.

Author: Jon
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Having been registered at this surgery since 1994, it is with some disappointment that we have felt the need to switch to a different surgery. The practice previously benefited from a team of at least four to five general practitioners. This number has now reduced to a single GP. In my experience, this sole GP has unfortunately given the impression of being disengaged, somewhat dismissive, and not particularly well-organised. As a result, I have been reluctant to consult with him; however, it appears that a referral from the GP is the primary route to accessing other NHS services. Securing an appointment with the GP has proven challenging, often requiring an initial consultation with other staff members who, while undoubtedly doing their best, are not always equipped to provide the necessary assistance, even when this is evident from the outset. Consequently, obtaining a GP appointment has become notably difficult. On one occasion, a telephone consultation was scheduled approximately four weeks in the future. During this call, the GP simply reiterated information from my medical records over the preceding six months, whilst repeating "if I remember correctly" which was fooling noone, before concluding that a physical examination would be necessary. This effectively utilised two appointments for a matter that arguably required only one, and the telephone conversation was a waste of my time. The majority of the reception staff are pleasant and helpful. However, one individual has, on occasion, been perceived as rather rude and condescending when attempts have been made to rearrange appointments, implying a rigid expectation of attendance regardless of personal circumstances. Furthermore, it is not possible to directly communicate with the reception team to arrange a mutually convenient appointment time, even with considerable advance notice. Instead, patients are informed of a pre-allocated appointment time via message. This system can create difficulties for individuals with existing commitments, potentially leading to further delays in accessing necessary care. My final interaction involved a blood test administered by a staff member I had not encountered previously. This individual was rather abrupt and somewhat rough in their manner, particularly following questions regarding my decision to change surgeries. I was not greeted with a hello, I was greeted with 'you're not our patient anymore'. I have never experienced a dead arm and pain in my arm for a couple of hours after a blood test in the past. The only member of staff who inspired confidence was the nurse, Carol, who appeared genuinely dedicated to patient well-being. The significant decrease in the number of GPs over recent years inevitably prompts questions. It would seem that the practice is no longer an attractive place for GPs to work. Given that NHS funding has likely not decreased proportionally, the allocation of resources that previously supported a larger team of GPs warrants consideration, particularly in light of the apparent decline in the prioritisation of patient care.

Author: Dave Hearn
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mundesley Medical Centre is the best my wife and I have attended since moving here four years ago. Staff are polite and considerate, response times to our medical concerns are always quick and positive. We cannot praise them enough, and no doubt the majority of those attending this centre would agree. Thanks for your support and understanding.

Author: mark knight
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
mark knight3 reviews10 months ago

Author: English don
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ran by completely incompetent people. Receptionists are good, management is absolutely awful. They lie and make up excuses for awful, incompetent doctors that aren't or can't do their job properly. This place use to be good.
