Practice: HELLESDON MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: D82018
Postcode: NR6 5QJ
Google Maps title: Hellesdon Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 46
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hellesdon+Medical+Practice/@52.6698532,1.2517084,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9e1b9653b0c63:0xc2337e72a99d9aa!8m2!3d52.66985!4d1.2542887!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tp07cfz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82018-hellesdon-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Janette
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't speak highly enough of all the staff at Hellesdon Medical Practice. Dr Tolley has been outstanding in particular. Thank you everyone.

Author: Hannah Browne
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have used the surgery for myself and my family. overall, 15 years of sometimes good and sometimes unapproachable perception of staff and services; however, the last 6 years have been hugely improved with new staff (GPs) whom have added bridges of trust and confidence for me to access the right services when required, with a thoroughness in investigative prevention and treatment. With patience from patients (while transitions are forming), I have confidence in the surgery to continue modernising, remain patient focused and retain their growing efficiency in care and communication. I hope the staff know how appreciated they are and how fortunate people are, including myself, to have a free and smiley service, no matter how busy the surgery gets. Thank you ⭐️

Author: tegan nunn
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called early this morning and was in a call que at position 11 I issued a call back and was called within5 minutes by a lady named Gill, she managed to get me an. Emergency appointment and helped me order my prescription, she was kind, patient and very understanding, thank you!

Author: 4PetesSake
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I joined the Hellesdon Medical Practice (HMP) 5 months ago after moving to Hellesdon and have made a few visits to the surgery which included a health check up, flu jab, pneumonia jab, etc and overall am very happy with the service and treatment that I have received. I think it is shocking that so many people have given a 1 Star rating which on many occasions is based on just one bad experience offer with one individual. They have failed to consider that the NHS is a free service, which is is staffed by numerous complex human beings who sometimes have an off day. Based on my visits over the last 5 months, I have no hesitation in giving HMP a 5 Star rating ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ ⭐

Author: Joanne Hoare
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I accompanied my mother in law to the practice as she is unable to go alone and express her needs. Firstly we were met by Nicky on reception who listened to us ,was kind and immensely helpful. We then went on to see Lauren one of the practice nurses, who again kindly listened throughout the appointment, she was gentle and professional and understood the needs of my mother in law. Lauren then asked Dr Prabhaker to come in to see my mother in law and he himself was gentle and professional. I’m writing this review to say to all of these staff today a massive thank you for going above and beyond. All of your kindness throughout the appointment showed your professionalism and what a caring surgery you have. I saw today the NHS at its best!

Author: Tony Schaay
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A fantastic team of brilliant people who all, without exception, take an obvious pride in doing their job well.

Author: Lorraine
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always excellent

Author: Lisa savage
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cannot fault the surgery, receptionist always friendly. I want to give a special mention to Dr Badawi who is exceptional, she always puts my elderly mum at ease and make her feel she is not a bother. A truly lovely doctor.

Author: Eleni T
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am personally very happy with the surgery and its staff. I have visited it on several occassions and they have been responsive and professional.

Author: Chris Migliorini
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Chris Migliorini5 reviews · 4 photosa year ago
