Practice: ELMHAM SURGERY
Canonical code: D82056
Postcode: NR20 5JS
Google Maps title: The Elmham Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Elmham+Surgery/@52.751579,0.9388981,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d77cf826169675:0xd35c9906a5e58fd9!8m2!3d52.7515758!4d0.9414784!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf705p1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82056-elmham-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Angela Rose Robinson
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
This used to be a good practice but now it just doesn't want to speak to patients. The online form is terrible and they basically use A&E or 111 as a triage service. It's taken me 5 phone calls, including call backs from 111, to get an appointment when it used to take one call. I held on the phone for one hour at position one before giving up which is exactly what they want. Patients are just a hindrance at this surgery. Over a week waiting for URGENT blood test results which are still not shown on my account, no secretaries on a Friday, reception don't answer the phone yet when you go in there are two of them chatting, pharmacy only answer up to 12 noon. This is a part-time surgery and not fit for purpose. Won't give the email address of the practice manager to raise a complaint. Absolutely terrible.

Author: Stephen Sayer
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
How do I get an appointment for an ulcer on foot possibly due to diabetes? So hard to get an appointment... im waiting for a call from pharmacist on 10 March, and a blood test on 5th, a referral to spinal surgeon no idea when. and not seen a Dr since 13th Jan.... HOW TO TREAT FOOT?

Author: Liz Vince
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an ECG this morning and results from the doctor just after lunch. Staff were very professional and pleasant. Good service.

Author: Helen Broadwater
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new system might be great for staff but, as far as I’m concerned, it’s next to useless! I just needed a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ answer to a simple question, I don’t want to have to go through the rigmarole of completing the questionnaire. As for phoning in, forget it. After listening to an AI voice giving all the options, I then had to listen to a human going over them again. After being in a queue for over 5 minutes, I gave up. So I will now be wasting a Dr’s time by keeping an appointment that I probably don’t need!

Author: Jenny Freebairn
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jenny Freebairn2 reviews2 months ago

Author: Jayne Shillabeer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There have been many positive experiences here in relation to routine non urgent appointments, recalls for national screening such as breast cancer screening, smear tests etc and the repeat prescription service is good. However is you have an acute, urgent and potentially life changing condition and want to book an appointment, blood test or follow upon important test results, the support is non existent. The online booking form is clunky and if you contact them too late in the day it says they are too busy to even accept a form. It seems that the staff are overburdened, burned out and are suffering from empathy fatigue and the patient is left waiting in limbo not knowing who to contact, how to contact, thus all having a very negative impact on their condition and mental health.

Author: Clare
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can honestly say, this practice has been brilliant.

Author: Joseph Green
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Slow wait times. Went in and got told to make an appointment online, no attempt to even help. Very rude

Author: Reviewer_1
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The staff in this surgery are extremely rude and arrogant from the receptionist staff up to senior management. The triage system does not work and trying to book an appointment is near impossible. This surgery requires urgent restructuring for the good of the patients care. There are much better surgeries around the area that actually treat patients with the care and respect that we all deserve. It is comforting to see that other patients are also having a negative experience of this surgery.

Author: Linda Goodings
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Joined this surgery today, feeling very unwell I’ve been talked down to by a receptionist after waiting 45 mins for a reply, told to see a pharmacy because my issue wasn’t urgent, after a pharmacy visit and 111 call both said I need to see a GP… to late now to see GP I give up 🤦‍♀️ …
