Practice: WENSUM VALLEY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: D82040
Postcode: NR5 8AD
Google Maps title: Wensum Valley Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 31
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wensum+Valley+Medical+Practice/@52.6317345,1.2385562,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWENSUM+VALLEY+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+NR5+8AD!3m8!1s0x47d9e121de011459:0x1efb1c9da3a3cd85!8m2!3d52.6316996!4d1.2414523!9m1!1b1!15sCiZXRU5TVU0gVkFMTEVZIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgTlI1IDhBRFooIiZ3ZW5zdW0gdmFsbGV5IG1lZGljYWwgcHJhY3RpY2UgbnI1IDhhZJIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmljmgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVU4xZW5BM2VVVkJFQUXgAQD6AQQIABBJ!16s%2Fg%2F1tfns8c3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82040-wensum-valley-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zara Davison
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a great experience with Mandy at Wensum Valley Medical Centre. She was incredibly friendly, kind, and helpful throughout. She moved my appointment without any hassle, ordered me more medication, and clearly explained my test results. She made everything feel easy and stress-free. Such a lovely, caring person — excellent service all round.

Author: Keeleigh Linkhorn
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst drs in the country with the WORST receptionists on the phone. How ANY of them got a job as a drs surgery receptionist is BEYOND ME. They don’t help. You got over an over an over again a they don’t do NOTHING new jus wait for you to have a heart attack and die. Do not recommend. Will be pulling my kids out of there immediately. DISGRACE. do better an get better receptionists!!!

Author: Paul Betts
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This medical practice is disgusting the service they give is terrible I been waiting nearly 2 years for a sporemtry blow test twice called off in the past because either they didn't have the equipment there or staff member sick and twice cancelled because me on antibiotics and steroids for chest infections had tests booked today 28th August weeks ago plus separate appointments with doctors today also once again CANCELLED staff sickness I been suffering for many months with breathing and chest infections I have other health problems I'm 70 and they don't care about patients health rang up today and told got to wait another week before can have a test plus see a doctor in mean time I've got to struggle to breath .have sleepless nights because slightly swollen ankles also toilet and tummy problems ...WONDER IF NEXT WEEKS APPOINTMENTS WILL BE CANCELLED WHEN TIME COMES FOR THE RECORD I HAD A APPOINTMENT AT HOSPITAL SEVERAL WEEKS AGO AT RHUMATOLGY THE DOCTOR DIDNT KNOW WHAT I WAS THERE FOR

Author: jill jones
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
i think i may be seriously ill now,but putting off visit, i dont even try and reach by pnone-who am i amongst13,000? there are outstandingly good gps and reception staff -but you have to be lucky-amongst so many patients and you are a square peg in a round hole as u are unique- now they are stopping hand written script requests-i use a pc,but there are plenty who will struggle and its another loss for the patient-

Author: clinton Hart
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Recently moved into the catchment area, waited outside bates green for 45 minutes as I was under the idea they opened at 8 like most doctors, went online at 20 past and found google opening times stating it was open at 8:30, got to quarter past, decided to ring them to find out what time they were opening for to be told rudely on the phone that they were never open on Wednesday and they only open when they need to, so only open when they feel like it, so I suggested the maybe put a door sign on the door of opening hours or change the online opening times and I got greeted with, how about you stick to what you know and not to tell me how to do my job, why do they give out appointments if they’re not open?

Author: Michael Stone
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lady on phone was a karen

Author: Charlotte Ashley-China
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been to the surgery a few times recently for various issues, not just myself, but for my baby. I've rarely needed to attend the doctor's until I got pregnant. I have to say, whether it has been for same-day appointments for my baby who has had a chest infection, an ear infection and tonsillitis (all in her first year) she has always been seen - following two incorrect diagnoses from A&E I might add!! I've attended for myself and have always been able see a suitable member of staff. I feel the surgery has much better reception staff now as well (didn't used to be the case!) and I've noticed an improvement especially in the last 2 years! Definitely worth reviewing because all NHS staff need to hear it when they're doing a good job.

Author: Paul Betts
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors seem total waste of time had bad cough and breathing for months been on 3 different courses of antibiotics recently doctor told me would ring me this morning about bad cough and to chase up hospital about bad bowel problems today Monday 14th April they never rang I now rang surgery as cough and tummy not good they say no appointments for couple weeks DISGRACEFUL

Author: Devon McInnes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Massive improvements really, used to struggle here all the time but they now have loads of really good & widely experienced doctors. If they can they choose the best doctor for the complaint you have or if you find a particular doctor really helpful then they can try to get you an appointment with your preferred GP. Last time they told me there would be a wait for an appointment then offered me one within 2-3 weeks which is a massive improvement and much better than a lot of other surgeries around.

Author: Nick Cliff
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Service has improved a lot over the last year or so, pretty good service
