Practice: BEACHES MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: D82003
Postcode: NR31 6QB
Google Maps title: The Beaches Medical Centre - Sussex Rd surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 149
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Beaches+Medical+Centre+-+Sussex+Rd+surgery/@52.5766608,1.7165237,16z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBEACHES+MEDICAL+CENTRE+NR31+6QB!3m8!1s0x47da044e944fa451:0x400623e30bc0068d!8m2!3d52.5771638!4d1.7278466!9m1!1b1!15sCh9CRUFDSEVTIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIE5SMzEgNlFCWiEiH2JlYWNoZXMgbWVkaWNhbCBjZW50cmUgbnIzMSA2cWKSARVwdWJsaWNfbWVkaWNhbF9jZW50ZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tfkkfvg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82003-beaches-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shshshahaha Shauahah
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
My son loves it here

Author: Lisa
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Arrived with 10 minutes to spare. Checked in. 4 in front of us. That's ok as we're early, I thought. No one informed us until I went to ask. Almost an hour late. Then I was rushed in the room & out again as quick. The GP did apologise as she opened the door to see us out. I then helped an older lady in reception when she needed some support with some phone numbers & times. If I hadn't of asked, she'd have struggled on her way, still unaware of what & who she needed to call for help with her meds. Where has the patient 'care' gone? I spoke to the receptionist and her reply was, 'she's always like it. She was here last week, too.' Well, if she was there every day of the week, she needed help!! Not to be brushed off.

Author: jillypops
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to say how lovely the receptionist was on Saturday morning. I needed some advice about my elderly mum and was nervous about calling 111. She reassured me and we got it all sorted on the day (antibiotics prescribed). She was friendly and helpful and clearly very good at her job.

Author: dominic allen
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusted,for the forth time this year,my prescription hadn't been sanctioned, so on Monday I'm going in to make a formal complaint

Author: Margaret Williams
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I showed a photo of my husbands infected scar to the lovely reception ist on my phone as he was unable to leave the house picture was shown to the doctor and was given antibiotics straight away thank you to all the staff at the beeches.

Author: JooJoo Price
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My review has not been put online, the one I did on the NHS app. It was about the staff in reception. I encouraged them to be more discreet when chatting amongst themselves. When I was waiting, it sounded like they were at a social outing. Of course, we all chat at work, but the sound carries all around the waiting area, and I don't want to hear laughing and loud talking when I'm waiting. Also, what if someone is feeling very ill or they are struggling with an illness? It's insensitive to be so loud and chat like this. If you must, just do it in a hushed voice. Also, if several staff have time for a 10 minute chat, how much money is being wasted? It's happened at Shrublands too. As I said, I chat at work, but everyone else do not need to hear it. Please remember there are sick and worried people in the waiting room.

Author: Maggie Church
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ive got many a story from here and I honestly feel so bad I didn't move my husband to a different surgery much earlier. Lived here since 2023 when registered, he has had numerous face to face appointments and phone consultations about the constant pain he is in, back problems and mental health, to be repeating the same thing or given different medications to try. The MH nurse didn't bother just said "its because you're not working you feel down" he was referred to x ray and scans great... no results ever given unless we asked. Two years after an xray a completely different dr picked up a mass in his back and sendlt him for an ultrasound! 2 years!!! Receptionists have often said 'there's nothing on his notes to me' when seen by new drs he has over three pages full of results that he should have be told about regarding keeping an eye on the development of his vertebrae- what a surprise the beaches said no further action! Have even told me previously that my daughter wasn't showing on the system yet she had been registered from birth and had all her previous jabs there! They are a joke from the phone to the Dr. I am making a formal complaint to the practice manager. Not that they will care!!

Author: April Jones
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
April JonesLocal Guide · 43 reviews5 months ago

Author: Dean Reeve
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My beautiful wife started going here in October 2023 with many symptoms all to do with her head. Dizziness, ear pressure, tinnitus, spaced out feeling etc etc. She then visited or contacted them a further 6 times, (7 times in total) with her symptoms getting worse. In November 2023 she messaged them to say her head was so bad she had to take the day off work. They kept fobbing her off with Amitriptylene, Betahistine and Citalopram. Not one doctor or nurse over that year long period thought to send her for a scan. In September 24 I attended an appointment with her where, now desperate, she insisted on a scan to put her mind at rest. On October the 26th we were called in to be told she had a suspected high grade brain tumour. This was confirmed by Addenbrookes and was classed as inoperable. After the most horrific winter last year caring for her and watching her decline she died in April aged a very young 60. 5.5 months after eventual diagnosis If one doctor or nurse had done their job, really listened to her and sent her for an early scan, there’s a chance she may still be with me today. I honestly think, given all her symptoms, Mickey Mouse would have sent her for a scan quicker than this lot. Nobody with a brain tumour should have to wait a year for diagnosis, and a further 2 months for any treatment. I won’t rest until there’s some official recognition of the Beaches failings with my beautiful wife. I have nothing but utter contempt for them. If I can persuade 1 person not to register with this lot I’ve done my job with this review. Early diagnosis saves lives! Not at the Beaches! While nobody actually plunged the knife in,I firmly believe their lack of action and negligence contributed to her untimely death. It certainly caused extreme amounts of mental and emotional stress on us all. Being told there’s nothing wrong for a year to then be told, Sorry we were wrong, you've got 4-6 months to live. Just horrific!

Author: K S
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dreadful experience. Never saw the same person. Terrible communication between staff who dont seem to know how to complete simple tasks. Book to see a GP and instead be treated by nurses or paramedics. Discussed referrals did not get made.
