Practice: THEATRE ROYAL SURGERY
Canonical code: D82050
Postcode: NR19 2EN
Google Maps title: Theatre Royal Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Theatre+Royal+Surgery/@52.6836328,0.9394938,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9d7cc7b38bdfd:0x50cff9650d212463!8m2!3d52.6836296!4d0.9420741!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzswlkj0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82050-theatre-royal-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jordan Ewbank
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was transferred to Theatre Royal Surgery after my local medical practice closed. Unfortunately, I’ve been disappointed with the level of service so far. There have been ongoing issues with my repeat prescriptions, and it has become increasingly difficult to obtain the medication I need. At my previous practice, requesting repeat prescriptions was straightforward and handled without any problems. Sadly, this now seems to be a recurring issue, which has been both frustrating and concerning.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you, Jordan, for sharing your experience. We are sorry to hear that you have faced difficulties with your repeat prescriptions since transferring to Theatre Royal Surgery. We understand how frustrating and worrying it can be when medication is not available as expected, especially when the process had previously been straightforward for you. We would like to look into the issues you have described so we can understand what has been happening and make sure your repeat prescriptions are managed correctly going forward. Please contact the practice directly so we can review your medication records and help resolve this for you.

Author: Henry De Caesmaeker
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Refused to arrange basic blood tests solely because I am not on a private/shared-care pathway, despite honest disclosure of DIY HRT use. This is medically irresponsible and contrary to NHS harm-reduction principles and GMC Good Medical Practice. Blood tests are a basic patient-safety measure and do not require the GP to be the prescribing clinician. Denying routine monitoring does not prevent risk-taking; it increases risk and discourages honesty. A clear failure of duty of care and appropriate risk management.

Author: Georgina thew
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I dont often write reviews but I saw a Dr called Katie this morning and she was brilliant! So welcoming and friendly, really put me at ease and was happy to answer any questions.

Author: Bethany Jackson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed this morning with the lack of compassion that the reception staff. Willow, specifically, very dismissive lack of consideration. Not someone who I believe to be working in a health care profession.

Author: s r
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Vile receptionist Willow was the name she gave. Unhelpful, rude and in the wrong job ... will report to the right department aswell.

Author: lisa lahodna
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently had to get an apt . I knew that I only got an apt because I had gone through 111. I saw a nurse who was very good which made me feel better than my last visit. The next day I was still struggling with my illness. I called 111 who booked for a dr to call me. I received a call not by a doctor but by someone who told me that because I was given medication I could not be seen until it was completed. In severe pain at this point. I called a chemist in toftwood absolutely brilliant who told me I must call them back. I did to be told that they had no emergency apt. In tears at time due to pain they said they could not do anything. Go to a walk in . Norwich . I Could not drive due to pain. Thanks theatre Royal. Too many patients. Advice , a bit of sympathy and understanding. Nothing close to toftwood surgery that was closed down, yet far better than theatre royal. I have litte faith in you.

Author: Ali Ibrahimpoor
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful staff, I have to wait ages to get medical record,they waisted my working time I have to think to move to other GP.

Author: dave faber
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Completely useless, won't listen, just don't care.at this point I have no health care. No place to go to get basic care.

Author: Mary Hammond
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to convey my thanks for the care and help received from your Surgery, particularly from Dr. Shrestha and Alex Milligan. I am very grateful.

Author: Haz Lotus
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If could give no stars would iv been with 2 months always shut, staff shortage or training or call straight away and never have appointment terrible customer service sound like hate being there
