Practice: GREAT MASSINGHAM SURGERY
Canonical code: D82070
Postcode: PE32 2JQ
Google Maps title: Great Massingham Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 13
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Great+Massingham+Surgery/@52.77963,0.6581839,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d786999dc48819:0xe9d2715b172b23b7!8m2!3d52.7796268!4d0.6607642!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thmdnhw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82070-great-massingham-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Amy Wilson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I have tried to access medical care at the Bayfield Surgery and Great Massingham Surgery for me and my family while we are staying in the area after we suffered from kerosene poisoning in a negligently managed holiday rental. I have dealt with the reception team at both locations and been treated abysmally. My children are disabled and I clearly disclosed our protected characteristics and the surgery staff have discriminated against me at every single point of contact obfuscating basic care, refusing to implement my communication adjustments, refusing to lodge my discrimination complaints and blocking my request to speak to the lead GP. This has been an unlawful and degrading experience of institutional discrimination where the administrative team are clearly not trained in their obligations to our family under The Equality Act 2010. This has had the serious impact of obstructing and withholding basic medical care from me and my family. It’s degrading and unacceptable.

Author: Austin Clarke
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with Great Massingham Surgery for 16 years and had it not been for a necessary move I would be with them today. The Staff from Doctors, Nurses to Pharmacy through to Receptionists and the back room staff are amazing. I can not thank you all enough for the care you have given me over the years. Following my move and having already experiencing my new surgery, I feel extremely sad that this new surgery will never ever live up to the outstanding quality of service Great Massingham Surgery gave me. The caring friendship and warmth displayed by these fabulous folk certainly propels this surgery into the premier league of medical establishments. I am proud to have been associated with this surgery and my sadness having to leave only reflects the brilliance in which I was served by these amazing people. If you are lucky enough to register with Great Massingham Surgery then please do so with confidence that you will be well looked after. Thank you!!!

Author: Louise
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a new patient to the practice, I have been kindly, efficiently and professionally welcomed by all. Thank you for your, in my opinion, exemplary provision

Author: F J Miles
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have just joined the practice and they have been amazing! All the staff, receptionists, dispensary staff and doctors have just all taken time and listened! A fantastic surgery and so pleased to have joined after years of hell at my previous practice!

Author: Marie Tilley
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant doctors surgery, very caring and are very thorough. They have given my parents and my partner the best of care, phoning to find out if we needed anything after he came home from a spk transplant. They go out of their way to help.

Author: Rebecca Andrews
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionist, “Iris” no empathy what so ever! Receptionists are meant to be helpful, she was everything but, she didn’t even want to listen. A simple request was too much hassle. I just wanted to book my autistic son an temporary patient appointment because he’s staying at his dads for Christmas and has come down really ill, I am worried he has scarlet fever and she said I have to register as a temporary patient, so I did as she requested, then I phone up after I had done as she asked and then I got bombarded with questions “well can’t you take him to his own doctors?” (60 mile round trip and closes in an hour plus the had no appointments) then suggests I should take him to the hospital.. I just wanted a simple appointment so he could get some antibiotics before everyone closes for Christmas, why did it need to be so complicated? This is meant to be a duty of care service..

Author: Squeak Bee
Date: Edited 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good doctors surgery. The doctor's take their time to ensure you are happy with the diagnosis. Your not rushed in and out which can be very helpful. Receptionists are very polite and kind. Dispensary are all very professional and still friendly.

Author: Emily Yates
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
Applied for a sick note nearly 3 weeks ago and have still not received it. I know due to cover situations you need to be patient but I thought that it would of been done by now as I have had a sick note through covid and I have had a quick response . It is unsatisfactory for me

Author: sophie davis
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely staff, nurses and doctors. They are caring and take their time with you. I'd never want to go to another surgery.

Author: Old Account
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Old Account2 reviews6 years ago
