Practice: MAGDALEN MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: D82012
Postcode: NR3 4LF
Google Maps title: Magdalen Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 100
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Magdalen+Medical+Practice/@52.6428115,1.2954726,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9e3d01e913cbf:0x189e41dcf753b9e1!8m2!3d52.6428083!4d1.2980529!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tycvy5t?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82012-magdalen-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lynn Andrews
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
Doctors and nurses are very good at their job and very kind and always listen to any to any worries I have. Only thing I think should improve is the appointment is so hard to get appointments onther than that I very happy with how I am treatment

Author: Szalo Gabor
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an appointment for Marcius 18 at 3:40, which I got on February 27. I had a heart attack a year ago, I have diabetes, and I went for a check-up. I sat there in the waiting room for almost an hour. I went to the receptionist to ask when I would be called in. To which she said that I hadn't clocked in, and then canceled my appointment. I asked for time off from work because otherwise I couldn't make it. All they should have done was for the doctor to come out and legally check that I was there! I congratulate the receptionist who worked that day (18.03. 3:40) on her work. There is not a drop of humanity in her. She canceled the appointment, I missed a day off! I don't think she couldn't have solved it somehow! Unfortunately, there wasn't a bit of help in it, I will complain! And on top of that, she was upset! I didn't go because of a bad cold, so I had to wait 3 weeks! Congratulations on such a healthcare worker! He doesn't belong there!

Author: Khaled Habib
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Thank you phone advisor for hanging up repeatedly. I wish it gets privatised so that you have no customers.

Author: emily model
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
emily model1 review3 weeks ago New

Author: Faye
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
FayeLocal Guide · 36 reviews · 55 photosa month ago

Author: Reeanna
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors ever!!!

Author: Tanzeel Ur Rahman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tanzeel Ur Rahman2 months ago

Author: Fay Hancock
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Nice little surgery with good dr's and friendly staff
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you Fay, appreciate the great feedback.

Author: ian cunningham
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have run two times after serious problems with diverculitis to speak to my doctor as directed by the hospital after my release, unable to get an appointment or even a call back within 2 to 3 weeks, I have tried again today to call them and ask to speak to my doctor, after a major flare-up last evening and this morning of my daviculitis. No telephone appointments available as normal! I did get offered an appointment at 5 o'clock this afternoon unable to attend due to interview no other times available got told to go to go to the walk in center or waste time at a&e. Or call back tomorrow. I understand the the front office staff can only offer what is available and this is not their fault (computer say no!). All I wanted to do was speak to a doctor is this too much to ask?? 😧
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Sorry to hear that you have been experiencing difficulties when trying to make an appointment via telephone, and then not being able to make the time that was offered to you. Staff often offer the option of the walk in centre to patients if they need a more flexible appointment time. We do also offer online requests via our practice website if you wished to try that should you need to in the future. The practice prides itself on meeting the needs of our patients and we do our utmost to accommodate. Apologies again that you were not happy with the service that you received. If you would like to discuss the matter further please do not hesitate to contact me or alternatively you are welcome to attend our Patient Participation Group meetings to support the development and receive updates about the practice. Tracey Clarke, Practice Business Manager

Author: jennifer irving
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Disapointed there are no staff available on the desk at the surgery. Whilst in the waiting room i witnessed 4 people trying to get help at the desk with nobody there. Please be aware that elderly people do not all use Apps and are not all Tech savvy. There is always staff needed for this reason
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
Hi Jennifer, thank you for feeding back your observations. We only have someone away from reception after GP morning clinic's if the practice is short staffed (but there is always a bell to call on reception for patients to ring where someone will come and support them). We have also successfully recruited a further 2 administrators which will help going forward commencing next week. Best wishes Tracey Clarke, Practice Business Manager
