Practice: MANOR FARM MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: D82065
Postcode: PE37 7QN
Google Maps title: Manor Farm Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Manor+Farm+Medical+Centre/@52.6490976,0.6892036,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d82bd7c28c1a97:0xc3b0edfdd4a2be26!8m2!3d52.6490944!4d0.6917839!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hm3fx9hc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82065-manor-farm-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jasmine Cooper
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling. This surgery was actually decent until switching to AI. The AI assistant is beyond annoying. It repeats the same question over and over, let alone the fact I do not wish to disclose medical concerns to AI. Then to be told that it will take 2 working days to be contacted, down right unacceptable. For the fact a health concern can be really difficult to talk about at the best of times now having to talk to a confusing and frustrating AI, it's even worse. I can see the practice failing the community massively with people not wanting to contact yourselves any longer, and conditions going undiagnosed. Will be moving practices. Poor use of AI manor farm.

Author: penelope goldsmith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Get rid of that Emma ASAP I can't get to speak even to the reception to make an appointment that suits us both. If you send me another appointment by sms it will be a total waste of time.

Author: Sharon Bryan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
In this age of everyone being so quick to criticise our NHS, I would like to thank and congratulate Manor Farm Medical Centre for their caring and quick responses and actions over an ongoing medical issue which requires regular checks involving QEH and the surgery. Without fail, over almost 4 years, I have found all my dealings with everyone to be reassuring, friendly, efficient and helpful. The AI Emma and online request forms resulted in my questions being answered within an hour and an appointment being made the same day. Thank you!

Author: Paul Prince
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new AI system is not fit for purpose, I have always praised this surgery up until they turned on the AI assistant. The system does not work via my phone and the AI assistant cuts out so I can't understand what is being said, it also just keeps on saying the same thing over and over again. The old email address no longer works and I can't get any sence on my phone. I had to borrow another phone to make a request which worked but the whole process is cumbersome and is only able to respond to the limits of its programing, a simple question such as I want to follow up on a previous request cannot be handled, I had to go through everything again giving all the details that I had already given only to be told I will get a response in two days. Please at the very least allow a patient to send an email to follow up things that have already been requested. I will now have to make a trip to the surgery to ask a simple question that would have taken less than a minute to answer. As i said this AI system is not fit for purpose and if not resolved I will look for a new surgery.

Author: jane dye
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very efficient. I am usually able to get an appointment or phone call within a day. Very pleasant reception staff who are very discreet.

Author: Lucy Hart
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Staff are wonderful at this surgery however the new AI system is terrible - whenever I call for an appointment it always gives me a time I can’t attend and I have to call and cancel or call and rebook which isn’t an easy task when getting through to an AI ! This has made me not want to call drs for an appointment even for serious matters the only reason I end up calling is because family make me ! I’m now considering changing my surgery to the other one in Swaffham.

Author: George
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been at Manor Farm for years. Naomi diabetic nurse is brilliant. Now moving to another surgery, as I find EMMA, ignorant to basic English. Sorry, but you’ve brought this upon yourselves

Author: Natalie Wright
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am not a patient at this surgery but visited on behalf on a relative experiencing symptoms of dementia. She had forgotten her appointment time and date. The surgery uses AI for the phone system, which for a vulnerable person is incredibly confusing. Even I became confused and frustrated myself having to repeat information several times. As for online, it'll take 24-48 hours for someone to get back to you to confirm an appointment time! So I went to the surgery for confirmation but they still couldn't tell me because I'm not a designated person, I explained the condition hasn't been diagnosed yet and needed no personal info just time and date of appointment. They called my relative but she didn't answer because she's currently struggling. So still not confirmation of appointment date and time. Bravo Manor Farm, what a fantastic system and process you have in place to support the elderly and vulnerable. She will probably miss her very important appointment now.

Author: Na Na
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Still on hold as no1 in the call que and I'm 48mins still no.1 in the call que clearly the reception staff choosing to ignore the phone

Author: Debora
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I’ve always had an excellent experience with this GP practice. The doctors and nurses genuinely listen, take my concerns seriously, and make sure every issue is properly investigated. Their aftercare is outstanding, and I’ve always felt supported and well looked after. The only downside is the new phone system, it’s practically unusable, and I often have to go in person just to speak with someone. For that reason, I’m giving one star less. Aside from that, the team itself is truly amazing and deserves all the appreciation!
