Practice: BRUNDALL MEDICAL PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: D82032
Postcode: NR13 5RP
Google Maps title: Brundall Medical Partnership
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brundall+Medical+Partnership/@52.6227901,1.4343687,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9fc62704a5d1f:0xcb74030d7d50424a!8m2!3d52.6227869!4d1.436949!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vxdxkh3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82032-brundall-medical-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rich P
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice has gone so far downhill it's not even funny. I'm currently in huge amounts of pain due to a contusion in my tibia and asked for an urgent prescription but was told to go to a travel clinic and purchase the medications. I used to laugh when people said the NHS was broken, now I'm starting to understand why people say that... Justin the paramedic was awesome, very personable and one of the good ones but sadly there's not many of them left in the system anymore. A formal complaint is being drafted to the ICB this weekend.

Author: Joey Jo-Jo Junior Shabadoo
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm 24 but I have less energy than my 80 year old grandma. I have been complaining to doctors for 6 years about extreme tiredness that stole my youth, is preventing me from having a job, and generally is ruining my life. For 6 years, no one has done anything, even though I keep trying to get an investigation started. Last week, I managed to get a blood test (after begging for one; they tried to shrug me off like 'Sometimes people just be tired 🤷🏻‍♀️'), but once again they said the results are all "satisfactory". I said "Are they, though? It says I'm borderline for most of these" and they were like 'Yeah but that's technically ok'. Like, 'technically'??? Clearly it's not okay if I feel like this all the time? So I said "Okay, if you say my nutrients are fine, shouldn't we look at other possible reasons for my fatigue?" To which I was told to take iron tablets (I already tried that for TEN YEARS) and come back in 3 months for another blood test. I felt the doctor was irritated by my insistence to find answers, and apathetic towards my condition, despite me pleading for help and highlighting how this unknown condition is affecting my life. My appointment was at 5.40pm; it honestly seemed like she just wanted to get me out and go home. So around in circles we go again, I guess? Another three months of feeling awful. Another blood test. Another "everything seems fine 🤷🏻‍♀️". Is this my life? I have to spend another 60 years too exhausted to work and clean myself and be happy? I don't even know where to turn, it seems like no one cares. What's hilarious is there was literally a 'Jess's rule' poster on the wall of the doctor's office. How ironic. I know this review is long and way too personal but I'm just begging for help at this point. Gotta add, there's a really nice male doctor and a blood nurse that works here and they're so kind and actually seem to care. But I never end up getting an appointment with them, I always end up with someone as bored, tired, and depressed as I am. Also, don't you dare try and say "I think this is the problem" to some of these doctors because they get so snooty, it feels like they'll actively try and prove you wrong out of spite, even if you're right.

Author: stuart Munnery
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Early days, but so far I have to say I'm quite impressed, staff are good, and communications are good. The usual having to phone at 830am to get an appointment but that's the norm these days.

Author: lorraine royal
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are always friendly and helpful. Appointments are always available and never feel rushed. Feel listened to and well taken care of. Cant fault anything.

Author: Ian Rust
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had a Physio appointment with JAKE, I was 5 minutes late due to something out of my control, Refused to even speak to me for the remaining 10/15 minutes of my appointment, Only to see him making a coffee 🫤 very poor service. …

Author: Stephen Allen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't fault , speedy , attention and the nursing staff . All excellent

Author: Graham Russell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Attended yesterday following a fall. Staff were excellent & did everything to help me. Nurse dressed my wound without having to go to A&E I am not registered with the practice but residents in NR13 are so lucky to have such an excellent facility. Many thanks for such wonderful staff

Author: leela grieveson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My 82 year old mother with Alzheimer’s dementia had an appointment today, she had to travel in a taxi which was £15 and twice so £30 in total only to be informed that the person she needs to see was sick and now no one has contacted myself her daughter who looks after her medical details or even my mother, to cancel the appointment , What a waste of somebody’s time and money or because nobody contacted us to let us know! Really bad service!

Author: arthur howe
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
arthur howe4 reviews6 months ago

Author: Ann Cullen
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went for hearing test very friendly staff
