Practice: WINDMILL SURGERY
Canonical code: D82624
Postcode: NR18 0AF
Google Maps title: Windmill Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Windmill+Surgery/@52.5679562,1.1113167,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9dcf5c2849a93:0x4d446286c0aa0727!8m2!3d52.567953!4d1.113897!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vfzdfxh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82624-windmill-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sophie
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Called the surgery for an “on the day” appointment at 8am for my mum. We used the call back system which worked really well and were offered an appointment at 10:10am. Saw Mia, an Associate Physician, who gave Mum a thorough check over. Decided that there were some tests she wanted to perform and managed to organise them for us while we were there (partly due to someone else not turning up) ECG and blood test all sorted in no time at all. By the following morning Mum had heard from the surgery to tell her the results of her blood test and the details of some further tests that were needed. Not only was this visit extremely efficient, everyone was so kind - the receptionist on the phone, Mia and the nurses who did the ECG and blood test. So caring and reassuring at a time when we were worried about what was going on. Thank you so much.

Author: Anna Kwayu
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everyone has been professional, kind and caring, but most of all, proactive. Any concerns I have had have been immediately addressed, and my mind put at ease. They are determined to help me get on top of my health issues. I really can’t thank, praise or recommend the entire team at Windmill surgery especially Dr. Adewele. I’m so happy that I’m in the hands of such a great team.

Author: Sarah Louise
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I had infection 3 weeks ago since then been in pain. Poorly. It got to the point I was calling and i wasn't listened to. In the end I ended up very unwell and vomiting and a high fever. The infection got in to my blood stream and the bone In the ear. A n e saved my life. All the GP had to do was look at it. And could of easily referred me to the same day emergency department,as GPS can refer you there. Yes I had to wait 4 hours for front door drs ,but was worth it and they kept checking on me. The Dr couldn't believe how bad it was. And told another few days it would of got In to thr brain. All though my normal surgery didn't want to listen and told me I was fine. I knew I wasn't. Il never ever go back now. Trust Is gone and I saved my own life

Author: Melanie Millner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having moved from Herts recently so impressed with Windmill Surgery - friendly approachable and helpful receptionists and no problems getting appointments - all the GP&staff very professional but also welcoming which is so refreshing - so very lucky to have been registered here

Author: Ben Gillick
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ive run out of my medication on several occasions. Because of poor customer service. This time round its been over a week. And I literally can't move because I am so dizzy and nauseous. I will be seeking legal advice on this occasion. Because it's just not good enough at all!

Author: Will Davis
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Every single time I try to make an appointment online it tells me every single service is unavailable!

Author: Gabrielė Žostautė
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They are taking care of our family for 5 years and never let us down. Thank you

Author: C W
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
In my opinion, absolutely dire service, especially from the receptionist. I attempted to book an appointment via telephone, only to be told the soonest I could be seen would be 10 days from now (initially 17 days!). This concerned me as I felt my condition could worsen in that time. I accepted the appointment but then went to the practice in person to see if this was definitely correct. I was then advised I could call at 8 in the morning and possibly get seen the same day. I mentioned it might have been helpful if they advised me of this on the phone, the receptionist I spoke to seemed more interested in shrugging off any responsibility than taking on board any suggestions for improvement. They also made a point to inform me it was a 7 working day wait - to me that is irrelevant and entirely unhelpful as I still have to wait a total of 10 days to be seen, including the 7 working days. Serious room & need for improvement here I feel.

Author: Natalie Jordan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst doctors surgery I have ever experienced it took five different appointments to sort out pain medication and then when ran out won’t reissue for fybromyalgia as after twenty years plus on the same medication they say u don’t need pain meds for fibromyalgia with no understanding the pain I’m in xx

Author: Amber Thompson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is wonderful. I moved here from Diss, having had terrible experiences with doctors in the past. Was quickly diagnosed with a chronic condition, shortly after moving to Windmill, which I had been going to doctors to with symptoms for years. Every time I need an appointment, I can get one, either through calling at 8, or filling in the online form. The staff are so friendly; receptionists always so helpful and facilitating and the doctors are patient, listen to your needs and don't ever try to fob you off, if something doesn't work, they are happy to try something else! Can't fault windmill and feel very lucky to be registered there.
