Practice: BOUGHTON SURGERY
Canonical code: D82604
Postcode: PE33 9AG
Google Maps title: Boughton Doctors Surgery
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 15
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Boughton+Doctors+Surgery/@52.5887205,0.5070486,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8246950e638c9:0x45ffd5732b7baed2!8m2!3d52.5887173!4d0.5096289!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc42p7x1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D82604-boughton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: G V
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
PHARMACY STAFF ARE FANTASTIC OTHER STAFF USELESS...IF YOUR REGISTERED HERE CHECK EVERYTHING AND PRESUME NOTHING.

Author: Janet Taylor
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First attempt at online booking. So easy, quick reply. Excellent service, thank you.

Author: Margaret Wilson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but praise for the doctors, nurses and staff at Boughton Surgery. I have found them all pleasant, efficient, polite, approachable and caring. Also, as a rural Practice, they have a Pharmacy. Last Friday I especially liked the fact that instead of waiting in a "queue" for the phone to be answered, I could press another digit and request a call back. My request was returned wintin a few minutes enabling me to see a doctor early that afternoon. First class service.

Author: SUZANNE Patrick
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved my grandfather to Boughton surgery 3 weeks ago. Since then he has had a heart attack and been admitted to hospital. Thankfully he is now recovering well at home. Boughton surgery have been absolutely amazing. They have booked him appointments, cancelled them due to his heart attack, referred him to community nursing, supplied medications quickly including making changes on the MAR CHART. I have visited and phoned alot in the past few weeks getting everything sorted for him. I've been met with such kindness and support and felt my grandfather's needs have been met above and beyond. I'd like to acknowledge the pharmacy ladies as they have been so helpful and knowledgeable with all my queries. Thank you all at Boughton surgery for your support in such a difficult time.

Author: Ann Judges
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
So pleased to have been able to register with such a great GP surgery. The staff are brilliant, the appointment availability is veey good and the pharmacy on site is also excellent.

Author: Amelia Moore
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP practice I’ve ever experienced! Cancelling appointments without my knowledge, travelled 60mins to get to my booked appointment only to be told it was cancelled due to staff sickness! Receptionists (as usual) had zero interest in trying to find me an alternative solution or practitioner (not even a phone call!) and physically turned me away during asthma exacerbation, telling me to call back the next day!! Went private as needed medical help which I didn’t want to worsen. Here is the point: my private consultation notes from GP says ‘Asthma Attack NOS’. What does this say about the care and competency if this practice?! For perspective, I am 40 year old working mum of two young children. Not the first time having unreasonable issues with this practice! I have absolutely no confidence in their ability to support me and my family with our health needs. There is one good doctor at this practice, but sadly that isn’t enough! If you have staff issues, sort them out, you can’t keep pushing your management issues onto residents. Very sad state of affairs!

Author: Stephen Ward
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a great surgery and dispensary. Everybody is very helpful.

Author: Jen D
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am relatively new to the area and had a fantastic GP (hard to come across these days!) At my old surgery, but since registering here I have nothing but glowing reviews. All of the staff are really helpful, approachable and accommodating. Right from the point of registering with the surgery I was always supported well and all of my questions were answered. I recently attended the surgery in person and all of the healthcare staff too are so friendly and make you feel at ease. what a wonderful surgery this is!

Author: yvonne hare
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing team . Thank you.

Author: Barrie Loftus
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Car park much improved and waiting at pharmacy much better.
