Practice: DR SOLWAY AND DR ROY PRACTICE
Canonical code: D83073
Postcode: IP4 2PZ
Google Maps title: Dr Solway and Dr Roy Practice
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+Solway+and+Dr+Roy+Practice/@52.0573107,1.1597482,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d99f8009f28eed:0x120c80d8970b6e16!8m2!3d52.0573074!4d1.1623285!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1twyytmq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83073-dr-solway-and-dr-roy-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mohan Prasath
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst service ever. The receptionist acts like they graduated from Google University of Medicine and somehow became the CEO of Diagnoses overnight. Instead of just doing reception work, they intercept everything, decide what you “meant,” and then confidently misinform the doctors. Absolute gatekeeping champions. Management seriously needs to step in because right now the reception desk seems to be running the entire hospital like a medical reality show audition panel. The doctors themselves are fine, but most appointments feel like a very expensive listening session that ends with the magical phrase: “Everything looks normal.” Apparently if the problem doesn’t show up in 5 minutes, it automatically joins the *“You’re Fine Club.”

Author: Deborah Canham
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Over the last few months I have had to have various appointments and the reception staff,doctor, nurses and physio have all been very helpful and professional. I count myself very lucky to be at this practise .

Author: Irving Sussler
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Someone is always able to see me or talk to me and offer help. Doctors go above and beyond to treat my ailments and suggest treatments I haven't thought of. Professional and friendly. I feel lucky to have them as my doctors

Author: Dusty Jackson
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not great. Brusque interrogating reception, and unhelpful doctors telling me twice to "just push through" my health concerns. I'm scared to think how bad the brush-off would be if I had something more subtle wrong.

Author: Clare Robinson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
My daughter went to nurse with a blood blister which the nurse bled rest of pus out then covered with out cleaning the area +went 2nd time and worried my daughter who was massively anxious and said she was very concerned about finger and wanted her to have xray and said don't want to lose finger end result nurse up hospital said no xray needed and cleaned finger amd got rid of dry blood and dead skin then cleaned it

Author: Chris Knight
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Completely incompetent, highly unprofessional, and extremely dangerous. They frequently miss appointments and cancel medication without notice or reason.

Author: Deborah Blackman
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff and Doctors are lovely - always professional and kind. Never had a problem getting an appointment. Would totally recommend this GP's.

Author: Feehlo382
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had a bad experience at this practice. Shared care for medication has always gone smoothly and I have always been able to get an appointment when I needed one. Ambiguous health issues have always been taken seriously rather than being brushed off as "it's probably nothing".

Author: K B
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Due to unforeseen traffic conditions I was late for my appointment with the nurse for a very important blood test. I was 20 minutes late. The receptionist spoke to the nurse at 9:05/9:10 and the nurse catagorically refused to see me and said she was too busy, this takes all of 5 minutes. I was in traffic for over an hour and this was unavoidable as the town was highly congested, making it impossible to get there. Historically I have never missed or been late and take the first appointment of the morning, and have never been seen on time often 15-20 mins beyond appointment time. I have not been able to reschedule this appointment as I have to make the lost time of 1 hour and 45 minutes up at work,surely some concession must be made for people who are genuinely not well and urgently need this appmt, this has now set me back because I will have to wait for a suitable time with my employer. Some consideration is needed and compassion for patients and their wellbeing. Something I don’t seem to be experiencing at the moment at Orchard St. with the exception of your lovely receptionists.

Author: Peter Stol
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst surgery in Ipswich and even Suffolk. Staff are rude and unhelpful. The surgery manager is incompetent and takes no responsibility for the awful staff he is supposed to manage. They have all gone to hell and need replacing.
