Practice: STANTON SURGERY
Canonical code: D83070
Postcode: IP31 2XA
Google Maps title: Stanton Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 19
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stanton+Surgery/@52.3256339,0.880575,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9b679f0e3d41b:0xc833b0af7139b2fa!8m2!3d52.3256306!4d0.8831553!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ydpqrbmf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83070-stanton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: jonathan jonathan
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Stanton were always accessible until last week when the ‘ phone at 8am regime’ was introduced. Now I have tried for two days to get an appointment but can’t even prebook a phone call. I will ring back tomorrow at 8 am no doubt to be 18th in the queue with no availability. Meanwhile the chance of having bladder cancer goes undiagnosed. Thanks NHS it was so worth paying taxes for 40 years to be treated like this.

Author: Kevin Anthony Nelson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Excellent Doctors Surgery with friendly helpful staff. Doctors appointments are only bookable on the day. The dispensary collection area design leads a lot to be desired and hugely impacts the service provided which at times can be lengthy- it leads a lot to be desired.

Author: Georgia Adams
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get an appointment. Always mess my meds up. They have lied for the past few days saying they only have 1 training dr on as the rest are on holiday. Yet when someone went down there to sort the medication situation out he saw 2 drs down there and had to ask them to sign for these meds that have been on a repeat for years . If he hadn’t of gone down their , and seen this dr the situation wouldn’t off been resolved. The receptionist there are stuck up, judgmental, rude, and give u different excuse constantly. For stuff like a repeat medication! I’ve never known a drs to be so useless! And don’t get me started on the time I went to the drs for a breathing issue and came out with period tablets 🤦🏽‍♀️

Author: jade howard
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve have called most mornings trying to get a appointment for my 2 year old daughter but they can’t fit her in, there should be priority appointments for babies and toddlers im truly dissatisfied and disappointed which has pushed me to move as they haven’t helped me at all either. You Stanton surgery have let down a small toddler you have failed her you have not helped you have stressed me and her out You are a massive let down Do not use this surgery

Author: Kaz D B
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always kind and very helpful. Highly recommended.

Author: Micheal Gudgeon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Pharmacy and surgery don't connect Dr writes prescription pharmacy system cancels all previous

Author: Tony Evans
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been so pleased with the high quality of care and service during the last 3 years of attending the Stanton Surgery. However, the very poor level of service provided by the dispensary this morning was jaw dropping! I arrived at the dispensary this morning to collect my prescription only to find it was closed for the day for staff training. Obviously staff need time for training but I had run out of my medication. I asked the surgery receptionist whether I could have my medication and was told to come back tomorrow. I wasn’t happy with her response so I asked to see the practice manager. After 5 minutes the dispensary manager appeared with my medication. When I asked her why I wasn’t notified of a planned closure day I was abruptly rebuked by her and told I should have collected the medication earlier. As I tried to suggest the surgery should notify users of the dispensary she retorted that I’d got my medication now and turned away from me and walked into the dispensary wearing a sly smile. I was left gob smacked at the complete lack of customer service I received from the receptionist and the dispensary manager. Hopefully any future training should focus on providing an acceptable quality of customer service. In the mean time I’ll be looking at other options to obtain my medication.

Author: Ollie Moff
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Allergic to picking up a phone.

Author: Mr Terence Bowerman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can honestly say this is one of the best surgeries I have ever belong to. Doctor's, Nurses, and support staff are amazing! They are all compassionate and the emotional support has been second to none. The dispensary has been under a lot of pressure and nothing is too much for them. I would recommend Stanton Surgery to anyone.

Author: Andrew Field
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Andrew Field4 reviews2 years ago
