Practice: BRIDGE ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: D83011
Postcode: NR32 3LJ
Google Maps title: Bridge Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bridge+Road+Surgery/@52.4780822,1.7126567,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47da1b08159b25bb:0xd07e1769ab8124ca!4m8!3m7!1s0x47da1b083f92f0ed:0x5d1ee6a2b8583f1c!8m2!3d52.478079!4d1.715237!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tz757kp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83011-bridge-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ricky Beavers
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Customer Service is shocking

Author: Lucy White
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful gp surgery. It’s impossible to get an appointment with anyone. As soon as you call at 8am you are a ridiculous number in the queue only to be called back and told all appointment have gone yet again. Rude receptionists who hang up on you and tell you conflicting information. Wouldn’t recommend to anyone. Stay well clear

Author: Liz Grant
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
I registered to a nearer surgery , nr work, for more convince recently, (but i won't go without saying )I had some wonderful years with bridge rd ,there blood testing , results, links when 15 yrs self testing , learning so much about nutrition clotting and stability and prescription service was excellence, although inflation of self test strips & cost disheartning & non urgent routeen doctors (anywhere appointments can be difficult at times ), system online good and transferable , a bit of a round n round routeen with actual doctor , but sure they would help if urgent , good surgery , cause sugested to go triage paget gp , when no appointments , (good advice ) a lowestoft walk in , would ease pressure help all surgery's at peak tiimes and the poor staff trying to say no appointments , no doctors , repeat next day , not a critism but winter weeks can cause backlogs , a walk in for second week sick notes , minor and , advice etc , thanks

Author: Markyboy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Several days go by without getting an appointment. It's impossible. So today at 8am sharp I quietly celebrate actually getting into the phone queue at position 7 only to be told just 12 minutes later all appointments are gone. This is just unacceptable. Upon picking her brains I discover there's only 3 doctors on for the day. THREE!!!!! Three doctors serving hundreds, if not thousands, of people!!!!! Turns out they're giving appointments to people queueing outside the door at 8am so in those 12 minutes I'm on hold, all those people are taking the appointments (which won't be many given that there's only 3 doctors lol). Further, she states to me on the phone that 2 doctors are on holiday and apparently one is feeling unwell and unable to work today. So where's the covering doctors? To cover the doctors on holiday? You just let 2 doctors simultaneously be on holiday without providing cover? This means that from a usual doctor count of 6, there's now only 3 doctors for the day - although I realise if a doctor is unwell then that's just unfortunate and not a lot can be done given that they were only just taken ill this morning (I hope they're ok) - but my point still stands about the 2 doctors on holiday at the same time - where's the cover? Had they been covered then that's still 5 doctors. Furthermore, the receptionist was a little abrasive. I guess she's gotten 'rage fatigue' because despite my frustration I was fairly restrained with my words and tone - I dare say others have seriously chewed her ear off with utter despair. It's a shame because they're actually a friendly bunch in there tbh and I do feel a little guilty writing this review but it needed to be said.

Author: Alana Miller
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad experience with this doctors surgery, I wanted to get an appointment to have a MRI scan to check over something to give me piece of mind, which the James paget hospital said I could go through with my doctors surgery first and they could get it booked in, however when I had tried to do this with a female doctor at the time as well as another female doctor, they had said that because I had the procedure done in another country they would not book me in a MRI scan at the hospital, even though James paget had said that the doctors at the doctors surgery would be able to do that, granted I may have made a nasty comment to the female after they had refused to book me in a MRI scan which has been spoken about with the police already, (apologies for the comment, it was not meant, it was more a reaction of unfair treatment from yourselves, especially the second female) it does not change the fact that it is these two females jobs to help people, and they should have booked the appointment in, I also tried to contact the manager of the surgery regarding this matter to talk about how I was treated, and a disregard for my care, however, I was never able to get through or talk to him, they just took me of the surgery list without even letting me explain my side of the story, I am now with another doctors surgery

Author: Stephen Lee
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appointments always gone so soon, never pick the phone up, never call back when to let know prescription is ready when say they would..they always mess up...would avoid at all costs

Author: Oz Levett
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appointment system is aweful, have to call on the day and can't pre book. Rang up at 8am only to be told there were no appointments?

Author: David Chase
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unforgivable treatment from my doctor, no treatment offered in 6months, do to insisting I book a face to face appointment, as I cannot do this as my primary illness does not allow, end result no medication no courtesy phone call over 6 months left to manage my illness as best I can . System broken no care no thought ,dereliction of duty of care in my view to do that to any patient in your care .disgraceful behaviour. What's worse the surgeries internal complaints investigation concluded this treatment is perfectly acceptable,when you get to mark your own homework you generally find you,ve done no wrong so no surprise there. what's more the ombudsman think that treatment of a patient is perfectly OK too, let's see if the gmc think this is OK behaviour or will provide some oversight as to whether this sort off treatment of a patient in your care is acceptable, don't hold out much hope but will keep you up dated when they get back to me, as of now they work on par with my doctor as far as a rapid response is concerned. I find this as about disgraceful as it gets, Update on the above post. Still in the same position I was when posted review above, still dealing with a condition without medication that has been successfully treated several times over the past three years, been left to my own devices to suffer and cope the best I can, still no contact from my doctor, have now submitted a request again because I,m suffering again. All because my doctor insists on a face to face appointment, which because of my primary illness I cannot manage as I,ve continuously stated. But my doctor is arrogant enough to conclude she knows how my primary illness affects me ,more than I do, and I,ve suffered that on and off since the age of14 i,m now 65 This surgery's rating is 2.4 I,m surprised,it should be zero, reprehensible lack of care shown by my doctor. Even more worrying during a complaint i lodged with the manager of this debarcal of a surgery he also thinks this is perfectly acceptable behaviour very very worrying. ,I think the manager apply that old saying nothing to see here gov .what a shambles, I might add the staff on the front line on reception I,ve always found helpful, my doctor and the manager would do well to follow there lead. Rather than leaving them to face the wrath of the patients which they inevitably do because they are face to face with the public, and the ones that are to blame sit in the background watching ,they should be ashamed of themselves.

Author: Vivienne Scott
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Vivienne Scott4 months ago

Author: Julie Harper
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Julie Harper1 review6 months ago
