Practice: FRAMLINGHAM SURGERY
Canonical code: D83026
Postcode: IP13 9HA
Google Maps title: Framlingham Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Framlingham+Surgery/@52.2270885,1.3301497,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d991b34149f9b7:0x434eb637e392ce12!8m2!3d52.2270852!4d1.33273!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq7q5k3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83026-framlingham-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: kenny cattee
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service, can’t imagine how difficult getting to see a doctor is if your not computer literate

Author: Cecily Wright
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you for the excellent service provided to me and my daughter on separate occasions this month.

Author: Stella Gardiner
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Thanks to Sam on reception for his kindness and patience with me today. Dr.J. Turner was immediately on phone to help me. I can’t thank him enough…

Author: Christopher Dawson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I made an initial telephone call this morning, a helpful care navigator took all my details, I received a return call through triage, who offered a same day evening appointment. After consultation with Paramedic a prescription was issued, what a wonderful service, thanks to all the staff at Framlingham surgery

Author: David Stockton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm sure most, if not all of the clinicians are competent. But the problem is their crazed 20 minute verbal or on-line interrogation to see if you are worth treating. Anime. It has no knowledge of past history or complicating factors. If you refuse to use it you get a very surly and aggressive non-clinician who threatens to cut you off if you provide an 'inappropriate' answer.

Author: Darren Emery
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to make an official complaint with regards to my medical care over the last ten years but especially over the last year. Let me begin with my asthma care, prior to covid, I received no annual review for around five years or any interest or care shown. During the Covid period Framlingham Surgery all of a sudden appeared concerned that my breathing had deteriorated due to the regularity of my prescription request (which was no different to previous years). My appointment was by telephone and I was advised by the Asthma nurse that they were very concerned and i would receive a call the following week and then every two weeks. I received only one call and then once again forgotton about. In 2024/2025 I received a letter again requesting a review, which I was then made aware for the first time that regular use of my Salamol inhaler would increase my chances of developing COPD, despite being asthmatic for over 30 years. My second concern is my lack of care in 2025. Despite trying to garner a Doctor's appointment in late April/May, your receptionists palmed me off with a Nurse Practitioner, despite my breathing having deteriorated, whilst I was only getting two hours sleep a night, due to Restless leg issue, which became unbearable. I was subsequently told to increase my Sertraline intake. In the first two week's of May, I tried to garner a Doctor's appointment and stressed the seriousness of my symptoms (swelling of both legs, unable to eat more than two mouthfulls of food without vomiting, a temperature and being Jaundice) but still failed to be able to see a Doctor, again your receptionists decided that I wasn't sick enough to see a Doctor so a Paramedic appointment was granted. The Paramedic failed to do any observations, didn't pick up how Jaundice I was and the only advice given was to go to the Pharmacy and buy some anti-sickness tablets. One day later I was so ill I went to A & E where I was advised that I would have died if I hadn't made the decision to attend hospital that day as my organs were shutting down. Subsequently, I had a three month stay in Hospital of which I can not remember any of the next few weeks, I was then advised that I only had 2-4 months to live back in June 2025 and diagnosed with severe heart failure. Thankfully St Bartholomew's hospital have been superb and given me an extended life, however, my prognosis is still not favourable. Since I have left hospital Framlingham Surgery have still failed to give me the care required, firstly, I have been bombarded with emails stating I am overdue for a review of my medication , despite attending the surgery to make an appointment in September and being advised that the earliest appointment is in December, which I find very hard to believe when I know at least two people who have received earlier dates. Due to this I have had two items on my repeat prescription stopped without prior notice, which is an absolute disgrace when it is your fault that I cannot have my review. I also requirement an ECG prior to my operation in October, again not forfilled. I attempted to put accross my concerns in August 2025 with Dr Turner but this was not taken seriously. Quite frankly I am digusted with Framlingham Medical practice shortcomings, it could have resulted in my death in May 2025, however, my life expectancy and quality of life have been majorally impacted. Finally, due to my balance issues, I had a fall and ruptured my Achilles tendon ligaments, this was confirmed by the Surgery’s Paramedic, he advised me that he will process a referral for physiotherapy, been waiting three months and heard nothing! Appalling patient care from the over aggressive receptionists, the Paramedics failings and the non visible Doctors.

Author: Philippa Brown
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such patient and helpful staff, thank you for your time and advice

Author: Duncan Heining
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to submit an eConsult form. Turns out the system has "maxed out" for today and cannot receive any more requests. It just gets worse and worse.

Author: Kate Berry
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had to get vaccinations sorted fairly last minute and the positive, helpful attitude of the receptionist was amazing - so grateful for sorting us out = Thank you for going the extra mile it's much appreciated

Author: Archie Drew
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Archie DrewLocal Guide · 13 reviews11 months ago
