Practice: BARRACK LANE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: D83059
Postcode: IP1 3NQ
Google Maps title: Barrack Lane Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 94
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barrack+Lane+Medical+Centre/@52.0606869,1.1435809,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9a1ccfcd03993:0x428b749b935aa856!8m2!3d52.0606836!4d1.1461612!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thsf5r_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83059-barrack-lane-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: colin young
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
colin young2 reviewsa day ago New

Author: Ruth Harper
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I’ve just moved over to this practice after my previous one treated me bad …However for the short while I’ve been with Barrack lane..I’ve found them really helpful kind & considerate…hope to keep with them..even if it’s a little bit further in distance …but not a problem.

Author: Mel Needham
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
100 p.c patient care. 4 Dec.25 GP listened to my problems no rush. Pleasant. Friendly. Genuine. Care received from . G P Gabriele. THANK YOU. .

Author: Mikus Ceplis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Compare to the experience i had with Burlington surgery is day vs night

Author: Terry Hooper
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst GP practice i have ever used....totally messed up my medical management. Most of the reception staff are unbelievably rude ....one who I spoke to today just put the phone done on me. The practice manager really needs to deal with the rude re and mouthy reception staff. There are many many reviews here about such problems at this practice and nothing seems to get done. Avoid at all costs.

Author: Josh's Life
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Your nurse Emma came to see my Grandad today to help him try his stockings on. When seeing that they were too small and the new ones hadn’t turned up from the pharmacy, within in 10 minutes she left, took the ones that didn’t fit back to the pharmacy and brought the new ones straight back to my grandad which fitted his leg perfect. Now we just have to wait for the other stocking for the other leg haha, her service was 5 stars and deserves to be recognised!

Author: Miron Barteczko
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent Care - Went Above and Beyond My Expectations! ​Review: ​I was referred to the Barrack Lane Medical Centre for an emergency visit on a Saturday for a long-term spine injury. ​I have to be honest, I looked at the reviews before I went and saw a lot of mixed and negative ones, which made me really worried. I'm so happy to say that my experience was the complete opposite, and it was absolutely fantastic. ​From the moment I walked in, I was impressed. The whole place was clean, tidy, and very well-organised. The staff members were all professional. Because of my back, I couldn't bend down to see the receptionist clearly through the window, but she was brilliant. We communicated just fine, and she was super friendly, kind, and professional. She showed me to a seating area right away. The waiting area was great, with plenty of leg room and easy-access seating, which is a massive help when you're in pain. ​I arrived early, and the doctor actually saw me before my appointment time, which was a huge bonus. The doctor was just as professional, kind, and understanding as the receptionist. I received professional, high-standard help and left feeling super satisfied with the entire visit. ​My experience was above and beyond what I expected, especially after reading the other reviews. The doctor and receptionist deserve to be recognised for their good help. ​(One small note: The service was running on a Saturday for this emergency referral, but online it said the practice was closed. They might want to update their system with their weekend opening times!)

Author: Christine Langley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My husband died on the 12th August. It took this surgery until 20th August to action the registration for the medical examiner so the registrar could be able is issue death certificate & povide the green for for undertaker to collect him. Not only did they say would have to wait for doctor on holiday to come back from holiday in SEPTEMBER!!! BUT ALSO INCORRECTLY SAY EVERYTHING COULD BE DONE AND PAPER WORK LATER. Unbelievable. It took my son sitting in surgery 2 days on the trot until it was actioned. Something that should have happened a week early. They need to train staff to understand the correct procedure for registration & green form for undertaker before ant arrangements can proceed. At a stressful time this is horrendous.

Author: Danielle Caile
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst drs

Author: Matt S
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called and tried their "call back in queue service" phone was on me the entire time and apparently i missed a call within seconds and got put back to position 45 in the queue, dont bother with trying that
