Practice: FELIXSTOWE ROAD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: D83004
Postcode: IP3 9BN
Google Maps title: Felixstowe Road Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 96
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Felixstowe+Road+Medical+Practice/@52.0471476,1.1814183,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d99f978b7beb23:0x80b05cbaf332325f!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sFELIXSTOWE+ROAD+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+IP3+9BN!3m8!1s0x47d99f978ad3daef:0xf092846e263050ac!8m2!3d52.0470961!4d1.184155!9m1!1b1!15sCihGRUxJWFNUT1dFIFJPQUQgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBJUDMgOUJOkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWPgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tfns89h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83004-felixstowe-road-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Greg Goodson
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery. Can't make an appointment at any costs. I was even asked to make an appointment to discuss test results but I can't get appointment and they refuse to read my results to me! The process of making an appointment is terrible and unfair. Ringing up at 8am is not suitable to everyone and when you do eventually get through there are no appointments and not able to book in advance. It's just ridiculous.

Author: Graham Howe
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Phoned the surgery with an issue today, 2nd in the queue @ 8.15 which was good, had telephone call @ 9.30, then saw a doctor at the practice @ 11.30, had arranged x-ray at the hospital 2.30pm then collected medication @ 4.30pm......all very impressive.... Thank you🙂 …

Author: Russell Symonds
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Why do you have to wait over a month just for a telephone appointment. Not happy with this surgery now - been a patient for years but it’s not the best. Considering changing.

Author: João Moreira
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I am deeply disappointed with the service (or lack thereof) provided by this practice. I have been suffering from severe back pain for a week now—pain that is affecting my daily life and mobility. When I called to seek help, I was told the earliest appointment is in two weeks. While I understand the pressures on the NHS, my body doesn’t operate on a two-week delay. I am in pain now, not in a fortnight. My main concerns: Financial Disconnect: National Insurance contributions are deducted from my wages every month without fail or delay. It is disheartening that when I finally ask for support in return, the system is unavailable. Lack of Investigation: Beyond just the pain, I am worried about the underlying cause. I need a physical assessment or tests to rule out something more serious, but I can't even get through the front door to start that process. Feeling dismissed when you are vulnerable and in pain is unacceptable. A two-week wait for an acute issue isn't "healthcare"—it's a queue for a service that's already been paid for.

Author: lyndsey mullett
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
This last year the practice has gone down hill. I have been chasing the surgery for 3 different medical issues and one has been going on for 2 months and this is for medication. The other 2 issue i just get put on a waiting list and might eventually get a phone call appointment and one of these is for test results for a serious condition. I also completed the online form for my daughter with a joint issue and she has also been added to a wait list for a phone appointment which I cant see that a doctor would be able to access a joint issue over the phone. Trying to get a face to face appointment at the surgery is near impossible

Author: Maria Barresi
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was refused an iron infusion. Please see the: Patient’s Rights to General Medical Services from the website. To be offered a health check on joining a doctor’s list for the first time. To have appropriate drugs and medicine prescribed. To be referred to a Consultant acceptable to them when they and their GP thinks it is necessary, and to be referred for a second opinion if they and their GP think it is advisable. To have access to their health records, subject to any limitations of the law, and to know that those working for the NHS are under a legal duty to keep those records confidential. To choose whether to take part in research or medical student training. To receive a copy of their doctors practice leaflet, setting out the services that he or she provides. To receive a full and prompt reply to any complaints they make about the care they receive at the FELIXSTOWE ROAD MEDICAL PRACTICE.

Author: Sarah Appleby
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Renshaw and Dr Sarder are both great Dr's and I would like to say thankyou to them both and also to District Nurse Carla God bold xx

Author: Linda deabill
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Michelle on reception was very responsive and understood my query on my meds and managed to liaise with the doctor and sort my query out in about 30 minutes calling me back very quickly. I want to express my thanks to them all.

Author: robert bulmer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this practice for many years and I was recently ill and the help I got from the receptionist to the nurse to the doctor was first class they could not have done anything more for me ,Thank you all at Felixstowe medical practice .

Author: Susan Harvey
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am writing this review for my Husband, who saw Dr Julie Kite, for a medical condition ,who found that the doctor was very professional, and an excellent doctor. Also the administration team, were quick to respond to any follow up enquiry, and showed a caring attitude.
