Practice: UNITY HEALTHCARE
Canonical code: D83012
Postcode: CB9 8LU
Google Maps title: Unity Healthcare
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 87
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Unity+Healthcare/@52.0763713,0.4249157,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d85e5c1cb540d9:0xc81e7dac64161272!8m2!3d52.076368!4d0.427496!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1q66rnpm6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/D83012-unity-healthcare.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Peony Black
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely abysmal service! Fobbing people off to pharmacists - this is how serious illnesses get overlooked.

Author: Chloe May
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery does not even deserve 1 star. I have consistently had a shocking experience with this surgery. There is a complete lack of care and compassion for patients. The reception staff speak to us like 4 year olds every single time, in such a rude and patronising way - completely inappropriate in a healthcare setting. The eConsult system is utterly useless. Being told we’ll be contacted by the next day, yet no contact is received for three to four days. When contact does occur, it’s a generic email stating the request has been passed to the clinical team, followed by a further wait of several more days for any actual response. The entire process causes even further delays and patients suffering longer than necessary. Calling the surgery offers no meaningful support whatsoever. We’re told to submit yet another eConsult, repeating the same information and restarting the same delays. Face-to-face appointments are non existent with this surgery. On the rare occasions we’re lucky enough to get one (I’ve only ever had 3 in roughly the best part of 10 years!) you won’t be seen by a GP but by a clinician with a lower level of qualification. These consultations are yet again pointless as you’ll be asked “what would you like me to do then?”. 9 times out of 10, the outcome of contacting the surgery is being told to complete another eConsult, to go to A&E or call 111. This seriously raises concerns about the level of care being provided. I have experienced these same issues every single time I have needed to contact the surgery. The surgery has a consistent lack of kindness, compassion, and genuine concern for patients. They are a constant issue, leaving us as patients questioning what has happened to GP surgeries being supportive, caring, and truly patient-focused. I have never spoken to or met anyone who is registered here who’s had a positive experience or who hasn’t faced issues.

Author: Ula Gawda
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ula Gawda1 review3 months ago

Author: Simon B
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Overall appalling. Was told to exaggerate my symptoms on econsult to get an appointment.

Author: michael ritchie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless. Waste of time. Cant get appointment.

Author: Philip Spalding
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Eveything e-consult

Author: Miss Sally
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m appalled at how this practice treats patients. I arrived just six minutes late for my appointment aa took me longer to get in due to being in pain, and was refused to be seen by “Louise” despite explaining I urgently need antiviral medication (I’m a nurse) Being turned away in this condition is not only unacceptable, it’s dangerous. This isn’t the first time I’ve been refused care here. Following a major surgery, I needed my wounds checked and was told no one could see me, I had a 30cm open wound on my abdomen, I had to go to Haverhill Family Practice who I’m not even registered with, who immediately treated it as an emergency. Patients shouldn’t be punished for being a few minutes late, especially when they’re in pain and seeking essential treatment. This lack of compassion and clinical judgment could have serious consequences. I’m deeply disappointed and feel something should be done urgently.

Author: MrBusterharvey
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They don’t even deserve 1 star!!! Do Not use this Doctors. Dr David Brandon hung the phone up on me because I was expressing my concerns for lack of care and speed to book an appointment or even speak to a doctor. instead of having an adult conversation he said he wasn’t raising his voice implying I was. I asked for a copy of the recorded phone call, he said no. I was trying to get help for a young, pre verbal disabled child with an ECHP. The man had no care or compassion. Basically, very unhelpful. Horrible experience. I really hope others can get the help they deserve.

Author: Monique B
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Monique B1 photo6 months ago

Author: Debbie Walker
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Excellent all round.Sent an E consult yesterday,phone call from a very pleasant receptionist within 3 hours offering an appointment today.The doctor very thorough and caring,and also very pleasant .No complaints at all,brilliant service!!
