Practice: SANDY HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: E81035
Postcode: SG19 1JQ
Google Maps title: Sandy Health Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 85
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sandy+Health+Centre/@52.1299146,-0.2897912,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877cecb046be073:0x4375fd1d17a32bcd!8m2!3d52.1299113!4d-0.2872109!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdz8yj5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81035-sandy-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sam
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Sama month ago

Author: Molly Fraser
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately, I haven't had a positive medical experience with this surgery. I cannot fault their online system, as it has always been easy to use and I have recieved appointments promptly. However, the level of care received is inconsistent between GPs. I have had ongoing symptoms for 5 years and some GPs continue to go around in circles with blood tests that show the same results, and my symptoms remain unchanged. Instead, I have received unrelated support and advice (that is not helpful nor clinically relevant). However, I have seen 2 GPs at the surgery who have been fantastic in providing onward referrals and support. It would be helpful if the surgery consistently considered following "Jess' Rule" whereby after 3 visits of the same symptom set onward referrals are made.

Author: Tangobaldy
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Has excellent receptionist now. Online booking works well too. Doctors and nurses engaged with you. It's so much better that 10 years ago when you got talked down to by everyone . You still can't get tea and biscuits here. The proliferation of notices and posters is quiet outstandingly entertaining.

Author: Nigel Green
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Review 2 I used the online form to discuss a small growth on my face . Received a call within an hour and a subsequent call from Bedford hospital the same day. Less than 4 weeks later I have been seen twice at the hospital and have had the growth surgically removed. Thank you to Dr Young and Bedford hospital for the excellent service. 1/26 Review 1 I appreciate the pressure the NHS are under and it is difficult to provide a first class service on a consistent basis. However, I couldn’t fault the service in my recent experience. From obtaining a blood test at Gilbert House through being consulted and prescribed some medication by Dr Patel - it was all completed in an incredibly quick time. At all touch points the staff I dealt with were polite, professional and efficient. Thank you.

Author: Para dox
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
i jumpeded on the bed and bump my head

Author: Zoe Nesbitt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Love the online form to raise my concern as I have limited time to sit on phone waiting to talk to reception. I sent my form at 0830 and had received a call by 0930 to discuss my issues. Amazing service and a very informative conversation. The issue was resolved and a prescription was sent to the pharmacy the same day with a follow up plan in place. Tha k you for making the process so easy and efficient Dr Young!

Author: Khadija Arifi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s a shame whenever I call to get an appointment I can’t get even my conditions wasn’t good and even when I call at 16:00 just to ask them about something they never answer I’m so disappointed that you don’t deserve a star I had a problem in my ear they didn’t do anything until I had to travel to get treated

Author: Chloe Wright
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing gp surgery they really do listen when it comes to mental health or any problems and get it sorted

Author: Andy Elliott
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I can't connect to anything. It is a serious wind up. It does nothing you suggest. I can't put in my name let alone my Freestyle Libre 2 information. Please fix it. Andy Elliott.

Author: samantha whittle
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The pharmacy team and reception have been very helpful. Unfortunately gp experience has been inconsistent, communication has been poor, I have given up on many of my ongoing symptoms as one appointment only seems to deal with one symptom. I have to chase my annual blood test and don't even get a face to face annual review. Gps remove medications without informing you. I have emailed the practice manager about issue, with no response so far. I feel let down and abandoned at a time when I feel so vulnerable. Dr Google has been my friend and helped me learn a lot, but sometimes education isn't enough and a tailored approach to patient care should be in place. Moving surgeries isn't always an answer as most problems stem from towns getting bigger and services not expanding with size of their communities.
