Practice: LARKSFIELD AND ARLESEY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: E81022
Postcode: SG5 4HB
Google Maps title: Arlesey Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 189
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Arlesey+Medical+Centre/@52.011945,-0.2809504,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sLARKSFIELD+AND+ARLESEY+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+SG5+4HB!3m8!1s0x48763349d79a5615:0xf80d56450fe9f9c4!8m2!3d52.011945!4d-0.261896!9m1!1b1!15sCi9MQVJLU0ZJRUxEIEFORCBBUkxFU0VZIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgU0c1IDRIQloxIi9sYXJrc2ZpZWxkIGFuZCBhcmxlc2V5IG1lZGljYWwgcHJhY3RpY2Ugc2c1IDRoYpIBGWZhbWlseV9wcmFjdGljZV9waHlzaWNpYW6aASRDaGREU1VoTk1HOW5TMFZKUTBGblNVTXliVWxETVhkblJSQULgAQD6AQUIsQYQRA!16s%2Fg%2F1tngpsg9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81022-larksfield-and-arlesey-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jemima Hall
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
I definitely believe things are on the up with this surgery. Unfortunately I had to wait nearly 2 weeks to get an appointment, but that isn't the practices fault, that is the lack of infrastructure and funding. But once I got an appointment, Dr Ngozi Ohaka was absolutely fantastic and my migraines were finally taken seriously after several appointments elsewhere. I personally love the triage forms that you fill out - it saves me being sat on the phone for ages.

Author: Helen Taylor
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really liked this place. Down to earth , clean tidy and helpful. Found a wheelchair for my friend. Very nice receptionist, nothing too much trouble. Looking forward to coming here again.

Author: Austin Bruiser (Bermondsey Boy)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Love Arlesey Medical Centre, nice waiting area with radio or tv whichever's on whilst you wait. Also like that there telephone number is still active although now part of Stotfold which has a different number. But yep been a member for 13 years, and still with them. Only problem I have is Parking, never seems to be any even if you go during school drop off, or pickup. Company needs to allocate parking for drs only patients three spaces should do it. Cant see it happening though, as loads of businesses there from gothic med school, drs, liberty so parking is first come first served. Anyway other than parking, everything else I'm happy with, Much needed NHS Service.

Author: Russell Fye
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking. Impossible to speak to staff just send you a link to send a message saying book appointment, have they tried ? It takes military planning, either call at 0759 and 45 seconds and find you are 15th in q and all appointments gone or queue outside surgery at 0745. Embarrassing the service from doctors and NHS now. No one takes.responsibility.

Author: Sahana Surendra
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sahana Surendra3 reviews · 1 photo8 months ago

Author: Sarah Groarke
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful GP surgery. So hard to get an appointment when I finally did they sent me to the wrong practice. I then had to phone up and chase them 5 times just for a prescription, waiting in the queue for sometimes 40 minutes just to be told someone will phone me back and then they never do. Never ended up getting the prescription. Then I had a follow up telephone GP appointment which I was given a time for, phoned up and apparently they can call you at any time during the day, wasn’t told this and then they never called. Don’t register here.

Author: Rebecca Whiteman
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disappointed that I get treated differently like if I go to the Arlsesy medical centre amount of times I went here they wouldn’t give me an appointment for me so this service is terrible and disappointing. I’ve tried too go in face too face and I also went in NHS app and it didn’t let me make an appointment and I’ve also tried calling and the phone just randomly hung up on me I’ve tried everything just too make an appointment it should be this hard and the worst thing about it is that it’s an emergency for me because I’ve got really bad mental health issues and problems and I’ve tried to give up on myself and everything like too the point i didn’t want too be alive anymore. For me I get treated differently me is terrible 🥺🥺🥺💔💔💔😢😭 I feel like they never going too except me there at Arlsesy medical centre 🥺🥺🥺😢😢😭 I’m sorry but this is how I feel and I’m not doing ok so they better book me in too see somebody s I can be checked out 🥺😢💔😭 it’s getting to this point in my life and I don’t want too be in this world anymore because of how I ge treated isn’t right 🥺

Author: lorna brewer
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists should stop playing doctor and decide patients fate !! Its bad enough they get to read your life history/symptoms then decide not to forward details to doctor shocking !!! And tell you to ring at 8am .....

Author: Jan Rayment
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Positive - nurses are lovely, always polite and helpful, willing to go the extra mile. Negative - the rest. Once over 65 treated as deaf idiot with no brain. It has taken 10 years to get a diagnosis for condition that has got worse and only because a nurse somewhere else knew as soon as she met me. I wonder if I hadn't met her if I would still be waiting. A lot worse than I need to have been, early diagnosis essential to reduce symptoms - what a joke! I like new appointment system as long as I'm online on time, no speaking to receptionist although there are a couple of helpful polite ones now. And finally have a doctor Doctor Thaloth who listens and helps, hope he stays, must be hard in such a negative depressing place. Although not ideal the surgery is trying to improve and listen, hoping they succeed and get the funding they badly need, Arlesey can't afford to lose such an essential resource.

Author: Rob Kearney's
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
God help the elderly trying to get an appointment.
