Practice: HARROLD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: E81007
Postcode: MK43 7DX
Google Maps title: Harrold Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Harrold+Medical+Practice/@52.2033533,-0.6083428,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877a568294c64bd:0xba8bddbc62948025!8m2!3d52.20335!4d-0.6057625!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc9dbbxr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81007-harrold-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Celeste Monroe
Date: 56 minutes ago
Rating: 1 star
Although I've never had much issues woth reception like most comments. DR Khan. Went to see him and he asked me what do you want me to do about it. Then he says why was I telling him. Erm hello I didn't go to years and years of medical school, you did. In all my years visiting various surgeries up & down G.B. He was to be the most rude, obnoxious, arrogant, upsetting and unhelpful Dr I have ever had the misfortune of meeting.

Author: Al Fresco
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Most of the people that work here are fine except I find that the elderly lady on reception who sits to the right and wears glasses is very rude. Always has a face like thunder and seems to take great pleasure in telling people that there are never any appointments available. It’s a shame she can’t take a leaf out of the other reception workers books. A bit more compassion and less of the aggressive tone would be welcome change.

Author: Jane Lane
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had amazing service today from the surgery. Seen as an emergency (in a routine slot) brilliant care from Julie practice nurse. Great advice and care from the duty doctor and treatment prescribed and dispensed so efficiently by the dispensing team who are clearly all so busy. We are so lucky to have this brilliant surgery in our village, they are the very best of the NHS. Thanks to you all.

Author: Alexandra
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Alexandra6 months ago

Author: Ozzie Irving
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had a very positive experience coming to Harold Medical Practice and this was all thanks to Leanne. Leanne has been incredibly helpful and supportive for me

Author: Nina Naz
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I HATED THIS SURGERY. I was treated very poorly by Dr Limond over where I was standing and he accused me of listening-in to a private conversation that was being held behind a closed door, which was absolutely wrong. Background info: I had a genuine appointment with the nurse for my 4 year old son, and I was standing outside the toilet to use the facility because I was pregnant. This doctor spoke to me in a horrible, degrading way, I am pretty sure if I was Caucasian, with blue eyes and blonde hair, he would have treated me with bucket loads of more respect. I complained to the Practice Manager, only to be met with a response from this poor excuse of a doctor by claiming that he was protecting the confidentiality of other patients. A rubbish answer with nothing close to even acknowledging that I was waiting to use the facilities while being pregnant. I know my race was a factor in the way this doctor reacted to me, so if you describe yourself as an Asain, I would highly recommend for you to look for another surgery. Also, receptionists come across as they are guarding a jewel for the Royal family. They ARE rude, they DO also look down at you. They DO make you not want to return. Horrible horrible place full of horrible horrible people.

Author: Sue Bearman (Gmail and calendar)
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always very caring and helpful. So grateful to be with this practice. My sincere thanks to all staff.

Author: David Clarke
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always helpful and pleasant in my experience.

Author: Dannielle Stafferton
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give no stars I would , had an awful encounter with dr limond avoid him at all costs he left me and my 16 year old daughter feeling so upset and uncomfortable he’s a very unprofessional rude arrogant man made a complaint reply was less than supportive or helpful there to help people certainly haven’t done that also like to add for over two years was happy to speak over phone instead of face to face appointments then when call and say can’t come till after work when need appointmt this can never be dealt with ridiculous Would also now like to add I think the recptionist is rude stuck up and in wrong job Joan!

Author: Jon Clarke
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jon ClarkeLocal Guide · 2 reviews · 1,274 photosa year ago
