Practice: KING STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: E81038
Postcode: MK42 8QD
Google Maps title: King Street Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 192
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/King+Street+Surgery/@52.1187192,-0.4980504,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4877b1459f83e055:0xb5f5816bbde3a014!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877b1459fd96851:0x65907b4b8e9d3957!8m2!3d52.1187159!4d-0.4954701!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2bj2py?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81038-king-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kerrie Hutchings
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are expecting a important Email due to my treatment and at first they set the wrong email address. I gave the right email a address and I hoped to get a response. I email them to the specialist in London and got a response. Fine. How come I had a response and they King Street didn't. I reckon on their part is gatekeeping. This going on too much now.. I think they lost the email?

Author: Peter Atkinson
Date: Edited 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been VERY poorly recently, and this morning I had a consultation with a a Dr Khoso (I think that's how his name is spelt) !! I contacted the surgery on Monday and gave them very sufficient details of my symptoms, but they could NOT offer me an appointment until today THURSDAY !! Dr Khoso told me before I left his consulting room that he HAD sent a prescription request to Britannia Pharmacy, but about an hour, (or more) later, the above pharmacy had still NOT received the prescription request !! After PERSISTENT chasing by Britannia Pharmacy, King Street Surgery finally sent them the prescription request !! NOW, I'm going to challenge ANYBODY on here who has read this who thinks King Street Surgery actually CARE about their patients, to come on here and tell me WHY they think they do !! One of these days someone's going to kick the bucket because of this surgery, and WHAT will they do then ???

Author: Iain Gunn
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
The receptionist told my mother-in-law she couldn't make an appointment via phone but had to book on line when there web page clearly says ring this number etc bullying and fobbing off an 80 year old woman how on earth are they at that age keep up with technology disgusting behaviour from supposedly professionals that are there to help

Author: Susan Fraser
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just called and spoke with Freya regarding a query she is a credit to your surgery.

Author: quinn shackleford
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
4/10

Author: Vince Testa
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently had cause to contact my GP's surgery and was so impressed by the way one of the doctors dealt with me that I was compelled to write this review. Dr Abdelkhalek was especially understanding of my condition and was able to reassure me that she would be able to refer me for further intervention. I was left with a most positive experience and my confidence in the NHS was re-instilled. The ladies on the reception are also worthy of mention as they too helped me with all I needed to do in terms of follow up appointments and dealing with the new app. Well done all at King Street surgery and please keep up the great work.

Author: Vincetestarossa
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's not every day that I'm compelled to write a review relating to my doctor's surgery, but after having received such excellent service and treatment, I felt it was necessary to share my thoughts. The way I was treated from initial call for an appointment to actually seeing a doctor was absolutely first class. Some issues arose which were handled by one of the receptionists named Jo. She was absolutely brilliant as she took ownership of my dilemma and saw that my illness really did need urgent attention. She kept me updated and ensured that I didn't get any worse before I was actually seen to. Jo appeared to go that extra mile just to try and help me get to see a doctor and this left me with a most positive experience which I felt needed recognition for such great patient service. Well done Jo, and keep up the great work as you're a credit to King Street Surgery.

Author: Monica Kerr
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Monica Kerra month ago

Author: Medusah Gaming
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rubbish new system. No more words needed, just changing for worst!

Author: Ramona Codreanu
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since the new appointment system, things totally changed here. All the receptionists and even some of the doctors are very friendly and ready to help. Much easier to get an appointment. Well done- keep it that way
