Practice: IVEL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E81036
Postcode: SG18 0RA
Google Maps title: Ivel Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 182
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ivel+Medical+Centre/@52.0886173,-0.2624116,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877cc3ec32fd7ef:0x1a7cc441d7e7e26e!8m2!3d52.088614!4d-0.2598313!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11csqk2zd9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81036-ivel-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Melissa S
Date: Edited 2 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this surgery for almost a decade. A few years ago I left a 1 star review as their service was awful. You couldn't get an appointment. I found staff rude and unaccommodating. I wanted to update this as I have needed a few appointments recently for family members and found the service very good, much improved. Well done Ivel for improving the service 👏

Author: Colin Haygreen
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not use if you can possibly avoid. In the extremely unlikely event you will be able to book an appointment any medication you are prescribed can and will be stopped by a beaurocrat because it's too expensive and they won't even tell you anything has happened so you'll be waiting forever for a prescription that has been sacrificed to the medical centres profit margin.

Author: Jo 12
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
My Mum asked me to do this review. She states that she was very anxious to contact Ivel Medical Centre on Wednesday 4th March. However the person who answered the phone 8.05 am approx was so lovely and helpful, she filled out a new condition form and was extremely kind to my Mum who is going through so much at the moment. My Mum wants to say a huge Thank You to this caring person.

Author: Susan B
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with the Ivel Medical Centre since I was 14 years of age & now I'm 62. I've never hesitated to contact the Ivel Medical Centre on any occasion as the Ladies on the Receptionist Team, Nurses & Doctors + pharmacist have always been helpful & healing. I fully understand the difficulties that the Practice may face due to the number of people that live in Biggleswade & surrounding areas now. That is no fault of the Practice & from my experience they do their upmost to help. Yes, I miss confiding in what was my regular GP, however, I have every faith in my new named GP & the rest of the team.. I have found the new online triage service very helpful & have had returned calls from the surgery within hours by using that service so a big thank you to all at the Ivel Medical Centre. I must add, if for some reason you can't get through to speak to someone then try 111 as they are helpful too & that's from another family member who isn't with the Ivel Medical Centre but 111 is for everyone if the needs arise. Thank you again to all at the Ivel Medical Centre for your care & empathy that you have shown me over the years & to some members of my family too.

Author: Danny Corcoran
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Just unhelpful as always. I appreciate that there is a booking system, but sometimes for small children under 18 months, the need for an appointment or at least a call might arise post 8am. Zero alternatives provided apart from “it’s shut for new appointments”. You could’ve suggested 111, pharmacy or even taken the time to ask what the issue was to see the level of urgency for this case. Miserable bunch

Author: Andrew Tebbutt
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They point you online to book an appointmrnt, but it simply doesn’t work. Good job their receptionists are friendly.

Author: Caroline
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
How come you respond only to the good reviews???? What about the other people who receive shambolic care answer that one if you care to

Author: James
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
James2 months ago

Author: Kerry Todd
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
On this occasion I have to give credit where it's due.On Tuesday I had missed 4 calls from the surgery to book me an appointment as my phone was not working properly.On Wednesday I received a text saying doctor would ring me by 6pm.He rang me at 5 and I explained that now my symptoms were not too bad and I was sorry for wasting their time.He said,not at all and can I come straight to the surgery to make sure.The receptionist was so friendly and professional,as was the doctor(turns out the appointment was needed after all) 👍👍👍

Author: Anne Kajava
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If there was a way to give less than one star as a rating, that’s how I would rate this GP. I have been several times and can sadly say with conviction that all of my experiences were bad. The staff at reception and the dispensary were impatient and rude on each visit. The same is true for the doctor that I saw. I do not know how competent they are in terms of medical knowledge, but professionalism and bedside manner was definitely lacking. What a grave situation it is when people who are suffering and in need of help, are made to suffer more at the hands of the very people who are tasked with helping them.
