Practice: GREENSANDS (POTTON)
Canonical code: E81012
Postcode: SG19 2QS
Google Maps title: Greensands Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 49
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Greensands+Medical+Practice/@52.1274874,-0.2142221,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877ce1587105cd3:0xbfa2733eb643d7ae!8m2!3d52.1274841!4d-0.2116418!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g8vm1g9j?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81012-greensands-potton.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rachel Malaney
Date: Edited 6 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
EDIT: I've changed my review to two stars because the new system that has been implemented is impossible to use. I'm also unsure if there's a few new receptionists, but a lot of things seem to get confused or lost in translation which has resulted in things being missed and recently, a test taking much longer than it should have. It's really disheartening as the surgery is very welcoming and the staff are kind. I've been trying to book GP appointments for myself, my baby and toddler for over a month now and I was only able to get the boys appointments by pre writing out the summary and saving it so I could copy and paste into the form. I also only get the opportunity to do this when there was someone visiting to look after the boys while I spend 10 mins filling in the forms and in a position to sit and do it at 8am on the dot. Unfortunately I still haven't been able to get an appointment for my medical concerns, as the online form closes so quickly and I'm not in a position where I can sit on my phone refreshing the website waiting for it to open. The boys will always take priority. When I eventually got appointments for my sons, they were on different days whereas before they would try and have the GP see us all together. It's a lot to expect a 2.5 year old and baby to sit in the surgery for prolonged times (as both visits were behind schedule) twice in a week. It's also not very fair on the other patrons. I'm now in a situation where my son requires a follow up appointment and I'm unable to have someone sit with the boys until the school holidays. This system is terrible. Please bring back the option to phone in the AM and PM. Original review: We've been registered at the practice since 2022 and I can honestly say the the standard of care has been excellent, from the doctor's and nurses and the paramedic, Nikki to the administration staff. During this time I've had pregnancies and a referral to a consultant, health issues with my son and medication reviews for my husband. I think I've only ever struggled to get an appointment on 2 occasions and both of those times, I know they were short staffed due to staff illness, as they put a notice up on FB. Ordering prescriptions is a breeze, using their online system and it's easy to communicate with reception for non urgent enquiries.

Author: mitch
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My husband has moved to Ashwell and seriously considering doing myself. Dr Jarvis has always been good when manage to see thus reticence. Only want to book blood test only smear tests available on line no idea where to find the triage stuff. Nothing seems to be available out of hours. Can never get through on phone. I am quite savvy but I am at a loss. It is a mess the practice management seems to have got worse and worse over years might as well just give up and drop dead to save them the trouble…

Author: Tsitsi Mazivanhanga
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very very difficult to make an appointment with the GP. When you call, staff always say they are unable to help. Not sure what they expects us as patients to do. They say book online and yet there are never any available appointments except for phlebotomy or flu jabs

Author: Christian Glenister Boehmer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I was only given an appointment after a complaint to the practice manager, I had been in pain for several weeks at this point. This practice used to be quite good, however, their main focus now appears to be making it difficult to get an appointment or speaking to someone.

Author: Anisha G
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery appear to be operating in a way that makes it profoundly difficult to get medical help. My distinct impression is that they are avoiding serving the community they are a part of. I am making a formal complaint to the practice manager. I suggest others do so to.

Author: tracy b
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I phoned the surgery to ask about blood test appointments at Flitwick Surgery on a Saturday, I spoke to a lady called Kimmy, who explained they are now done at the surgery but upstairs, no appointments were available but that can change daily she said I was welcome to phone daily to ask if any had come available, Kimmy then, tried phoning me twice as an appointment for this Saturday had come available & she had booked me in but explained I didn't have to take it, I have & will be there on Saturday, what a lovely helpful lady she is, thank you Kimmy, you went above & beyond & Greensand is lucky to have you.

Author: EmmaB
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist on the phone was very helpful and found an appointment for me later in the week as the centre was fully booked for appointments. She was very kind and helpful.

Author: Catherine Kelly
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been trying to get appointment with Dr Jarvis for 3 weeks as I'm not able to attend the one she st up for me because I'm working and surely Im within my rights to have appointment on my weekdays off. Each time ringing through this system and not been able to get appointment with the Dr that I want. This is why a people health detairates

Author: James Williams
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgrace of a doctors surgery, told that I would have to call back at 2 for an afternoon appointment, even after the pharmacy referred me there immediately for my 4 MONTH OLD SON that has a FULL BODY RASH, a complete joke and this goes to show how broken the NHS truly is, I will be finding another doctors surgery after this as I have no faith in them being able to redeem themselves

Author: Selina Tester
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I've always been treated well at this surgery. Receptionists are great, doing a very stressful job but managing well. The doctors have all been brilliant, Dr May particularly. No they're not perfect, but the number of patients and government rules re appointments is beyond their control. I have always been able to get an appointment when I need one urgently.
