Practice: BARTON HILLS MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: E81632
Postcode: LU3 4AD
Google Maps title: Barton Hills Medical Group
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barton+Hills+Medical+Group/@51.9200403,-0.440575,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48764973de3c7e43:0x453c33f324a6b666!8m2!3d51.920037!4d-0.4379947!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf86kyw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E81632-barton-hills-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Hassan Ali Ali
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hassan Ali Ali3 days ago New

Author: Danielle Brown
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Its half 8 in the morning and they told me to call back the next day. Absolutely terrible service. Making people do it all online wont help over phone. What is their job really? Terrible doctors wouldnt recommend. Changing doctors now.

Author: Farzana Choudhury
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at the surgery since their doors opened and I have always had exceptional care given to me and my family from Dr. Stratford, Dr. Siiddique, Dr. Perara, and the reception team. Dr. Vidheyaat Thavanathan saw me last week, and I have to say I was worried about my symptoms, like I am sure we all are when going to the doctors! The fact she took her time to examine me properly, listen, give me comfort and show empathy it really made feel valued and heard. She genuinely was concerned as she asked me to notify her of any updates ony condition. She took action immediately to refer me but made me feel everything was being done fast to help me. Thank you Dr. Vidheyaat Thavanathan I really needed your care last week. 🩷

Author: Hayley Barnes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are so rude! In the last couple of weeks I have been to the drs with my daughter twice. First time the GP asked me to go to reception and get a urine sample pot quickly (while he and other patients were waiting) Receptionist would not stop what she was doing on the computer to deal with me, huffed and puffed while I was stood there waiting and huffed and puffed when I asked for a pot. I then received a text from the dr asking me to call the surgery to arrange a blood test once again huffy Receptionist asks me if I have a blood test form, I tell her no so she tells me I have to come and get the form before I can book the appointment, go to get the form theres a queue in the drs, one Receptionist on the phone and another 4 members of staff chatting rather than dealing with the queue forming. Just phoned for test results to once again be met with rude staff member telling me to phone after 2.

Author: Jabba 85
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Great Gp but horrible Doctors.they don't want to help people or to do blood tests to cut expenses. All they know is to ask Dr. Google what is wrong with the patient.

Author: SJ “Soph” J
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get appointments..by 9am the online booking is closed. This isn't good enough and they should offer a bigger window of time for appointments before closing the online system.

Author: Leah Woolridge-McPherson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful surgey and service. Trying to book appointments in advance is not possible. Sudden last minute appointments with no time to get there. Exactly why the system is broken in the UK, inefficient and incompetent service. Better off using 111

Author: Anthony Ofarrell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m going through treatment for a cancerous tumour in my larynx and extending to my air ways - they have been extremely caring, have helped with managing symptoms and have gone the extra mile. Dr Donaldson in particular as have other doctors I have seen. I can now understand that when you call up to book an appt they only have limited resources hense why many they ask the questions they do to establish clinical need. Always insist on an emergency appt if you feel like it’s needed but in my experience if you really need them they are 100% there, When you are ill it’s hard and can affect attitude towards doctors or carers so you can imagine being an administration must be frustrating for them as well so main thing is to be as nice as you can even when you don’t feel well as they do a job with out thanks at times So from my perspective I’d like thank everyone at Barton Le Clay, Hexton Road surgery as hit all amazing and have helped me get through.

Author: habib malik
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Get Easy smooth appointment, and attended by HCA who explained my concerns in best way, it’s was not busy when i attend so no hassle and waiting,

Author: Shiblu Miah
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a cyst removed from my head and was performed inside the surgery by Dr Siddique. I have to say he was amazing, always kept me reassured. Made it so painless. This surgery is definitely 5 star. The whole team including nurses and receptionist are excellent. Getting appointments yes is painful however their online submission system works and I got a call back and treatment within that week
