Practice: HARVEY GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: E82084
Postcode: AL3 5HB
Google Maps title: Harvey Group Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 12
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Harvey+Group+Practice/@51.7541079,-0.3780788,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHARVEY+GROUP+PRACTICE+AL3+5HB!3m8!1s0x48763f244aa85c17:0x19654fdfebe467b6!8m2!3d51.7541079!4d-0.33997!9m1!1b1!15sCh1IQVJWRVkgR1JPVVAgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgQUwzIDVIQlofIh1oYXJ2ZXkgZ3JvdXAgcHJhY3RpY2UgYWwzIDVoYpIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmljmgEkQ2hkRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVVJNTlhaUGIzZEJSUkFC4AEA-gEECAAQOQ!16s%2Fg%2F11rwwfg97q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82084-harvey-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: L Gats
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice used to be good, however it has been managed into a dysfunctional, inaccessible shambles. The E consult system is terrible (when it’s available), it will take days to hear back and even then it’s text messages. It was more functional when everyone day to call at 8am. The doctors are good when you manage to get an appointment. Don’t expect to see the same doctor. If you want to speak to someone on the phone be prepared to wait 30 minutes and for even simple queries you’ll usually be directed to use the E consult system which will often be unavailable or delayed. You’ll often be directed use utilise 111 or 999 instead. From looking for an alternative doctors I’ve noticed Harvey Group Practice now seems to be one of the worst reviewed practices in all of St Albans.

Author: Prashan Thiagarajah
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing service today - having had a sore throat for 1 week, used the online form at noon to share symptoms, received a phone call within ten mins with an appointment for 1 PM. Nurse Kim was amazing - thoroughly went through a list of questions and quickly diagnosed the issue, prescribed the anti-biotics which were ready to collect from Morrisons on my route home - well done to all at the Harvey Practice

Author: Tess Green
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
INCREDIBLE! The whole team across the practice are absolutely fantastic. Since joining in 2020, The doctors have been so supportive in any health problem I have had and have really looked after me with care and listened to my needs and concerns regarding my health. If I have needed an emergency appointment, without fail I have had a telephone call the same day - fantastic service! The practice team are so friendly and helpful on the phone, they cannot do enough for you and communicate so well about request. Sana the Senior Clinical Administrator has been so helpful and kind to me regarding specific paperwork I needed. Thank you Harvey Group so much!

Author: Lisa Hill
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Outstanding doctors surgery. Whenever I have medical concerns for myself or my son and fill out an online consultation, I receive contact the same day back from a GP, get given an appointment the same day if necessary, and even sent for blood tests after on the same day if required. Cannot fault them. I feel so lucky to be part of this surgery. The receptionist’s are all friendly and the GP’s all lovely. Thank you all at Harvey Group Practice.

Author: Simon Richardson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible awful, they dont care. Deregister you before you have signed up with another GP. can i give 0 stars?

Author: Martina Muní
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve had some good experiences with this practice in the past. However, I’ve decided to change my GP recently. Unfortunately it’s become increasingly hard to get an appointment with Harvey Group Practice. It took them 3 days to get me antibiotics for a UTI. I’ve had instances when the doctor didn’t properly read the online consultation, which resulted in many useless trips to the pharmacy where I was told I couldn’t be treated. Furthermore, it’s happened way too often that I couldn’t submit an online consultation because the form was closed for unknown reasons, or because it was the afternoon and they were already fully booked. This left us feeling helpless many times.

Author: Mahsa Eghtessadi Azar
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy that I have been registered with Harvey group. Excellent group of doctors and nurses. All appointments, referrals, investigations, results are all done in a timely manner. Thank you for your hard work.

Author: Naomi Armstrong
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP surgery I have used. Very efficient, caring and accommodating.

Author: Anna Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Only moved to this practice recently. I've had one appointment and the service was outstanding

Author: Lauren Clay
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Lauren Clay2 reviews2 years ago
