Practice: THE ELMS SURGERY
Canonical code: E82069
Postcode: WD17 4NT
Google Maps title: Elms Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Elms+Surgery/@51.6616729,-0.4070117,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766aeacadde599:0x8b64521358fa49f4!8m2!3d51.6616696!4d-0.4044314!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9twhc9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82069-the-elms-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John McIvory
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been in this terrible clinic for many years and I'm increasingly amazed by the indifference of the doctors who work there. They are completely incompetent and can't help with anything! And some doctors, like Dr. Malik, have no respect for patients at all and were rude and shouting. She once wanted to throw me out of the clinic because I demanded vital diabetes medication, but she said I didn't have diabetes, but menopause 🤯🤯🤯🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️, which I don't even have! The same goes for other doctors, for example, Dr. Havsa Abbohatem. I went to her because I saw my bad test results on the NHS app and wanted an explanation, but she said they were normal 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️ I'm completely shocked by this clinic! I don't recommend going there at all and am planning to change to another clinic myself. They don't care that you're sick and need medication and diagnostics; they just want to get their paycheck and THAT'S IT! I haven't seen such terrible treatment in a long time. The only good doctor there was Dr. Hyde, who always helped and did everything possible. I think she left for a reason! If I could give this clinic a 0, I would! I saw below in the comments that one person also characterizes Dr. Malik as deceitful and dangerous, now I understand that I was right about her, that she is a very bad, dangerous and cruel person!🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️

Author: AB
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Spent around a year at this surgery and my overall experience wasn't good. From GPs not calling when phone appointments were booked in, to chaos over prescriptions, I ended up leaving due their lack of reliability and professionalism. I found the physician associates to be far more professional than the GPs. After leaving this surgery, they continued contacting me for several weeks and were trying to book me in for various tests. This was despite me telling them I'd left and asking them to stop contacting me.

Author: Soham Mer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent the receptionist and they are really helpful.

Author: C
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible practice horrible reception team. Change their processes when they feel like, based on whether they like the look of you or how they’re feeling that day. Refuse to update contact details, I can only imagine out of pure laziness?? There’s a reason they have so many bad reviews. Up until this week they just had the one Doctor??? So poor

Author: Krisztina
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Based on his experience of 11 years. While I was able to go to Dr Ahmad, I was completely satisfied. After 5 years, I was always seen by a different doctor, this is where the chaos started, I did not receive the prescription, test results or referral on time. Unfortunately, this continued during and after Covid, especially the telephone medicine was crazy! I had a problem that it turned out that they had known about for 5 years due to another test, but they did not inform me! I also do not understand why you have to go with one problem at a time, which they give you 10 minutes, why you can't tell me about several problems in, for example, 15 minutes, which could save time and energy for both parties. Honestly, in recent years, I have experienced a terrible decline and incompetence in medicine (my friends too!) at GPs and specialist doctors. I hope that one day everything will turn out well again because people need their health and GPs have a big role in this.

Author: Zara Newfield-Ramirez
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always very helpful, polite the receptionists and the clinical staff and doctors I haven’t been here long but I have a complex health history and not once have they ever said it’s too much. With many years of being treated like I I can’t rely on the nhs it’s nice to know I can rely on my gp

Author: Shilpa Patel
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This Surgery is totally rediculas. They sent me SMS after chatting with receptonist at Elm surgery. Really poor quality service. I am not heart patient and I was asking for fit note. I think the staff members are dumb, unprofessional, irritative. I have been asked to check the emails they send during the phone call yet I didn't got any emails, they just misleading while talking. This is disgusting thing I have face this year. I have been with surgery for 15 years. They uodated but staff is not enough to stay in line with. Hope I will get fit note by posy tomorrow. I will put review of this thing online. Really horrible experience. The SMS I got from surgery, "You are booked to have an ECG at The Elms Surgery. For our nurse to get good contact between the body surface and the electrodes, we need a hair-free surface. Please kindly shave/wax your chest at least 1-24hrs before your appointment, so that we can get an accurate reading. Thank you. Thanks Reception The Elms Surgery "

Author: Somia Kausar
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Iv never had a problem at the surgery 2 years now amazing staff as a practice nurse myself at another practice. I can say from the reception staff to the nurses and drs are all amazing. Keep up the good work.

Author: Bishrulhafi Mohamed Hazeel
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Online registration is Very complicated

Author: Sarah Sweeney
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have no idea where the bad reviews come from I am completely bewildered. I have been a patient here for nearly 10 years. When I speak to my colleagues/friends they say it’s impossible to see a doctor. Never have I had that problem! The reception team are the most friendly warmest and at times funny! Which is so lovely. Every doctor I’ve seen has been caring, understanding and kind. Just beyond me how anyone gives this surgery a low score. Ignore them you are doing great 👍
