Practice: HANSCOMBE HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: E82007
Postcode: SG14 1JA
Google Maps title: Hanscombe House Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 60
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hanscombe+House+Surgery/@51.7966894,-0.0861455,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4876269081eb9ac9:0x7d36d02904a8fc8f!4m8!3m7!1s0x48762690823ace8f:0xf3d96537f26c2544!8m2!3d51.7966861!4d-0.0835652!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj2hcs7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82007-hanscombe-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carol Hood
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is an exceptional Surgery. Over the last six years I have always found the reception and telephone staff helpful and the various Doctors I have seen over the years have been caring but I must mention Dr Hussain who is one of the best - he listens and explains results in an easy to understand manner.

Author: Holly Taylor
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I was with this surgery for 8 years and it got to much I’ve just had to change doctors. Let down and no help now always in a rush as they’re busy. See a doctor last month regarding my daughter (started period at 9) I done an e consult first just in case we didn’t need an appointment they called me and said please book in, got there to be told Nothing they can do to help… not sure why I had to book in then waste of time also explained my daughter is suspected ASD AND ADHD and she’s not eating she’s always had problems but it’s getting worse she also will Not have a blood test to see if she had low iron doctors response ‘I can refer to the dietitian but doubt they will help if she’s not eating’ last straw was that appointment so let down with myself to.

Author: Conrad Pope
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Many congratulations to the whole team. I called regarding my son at noon today; got an appt 3 hrs later. Was seen at the correct time and the Dr we saw was absolutely fabulous. Very thoughtful, completely thorough and dealt with all concerns in a very kind and professional manor. Nothing was too much and made us feel welcome and not rushed. Both reception staff we met were cheerful and friendly. I can’t compliment you all enough. Very well done everyone. Thank you

Author: Angie Hardy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank You Dr Oates and Dr Hussain for helping me with my health issues as an autistic person. From Angelina xxx

Author: Jenny R
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have seen Harry, the paramedic at Hanscombe House, a few times for my toddler and once today for myself. He was thorough, caring, kind and compassionate during what has been an incredibly hard time. He is professional and reassuring. He is a real asset to the team, and truly deserves recognition for the outstanding care he delivers to his patients.

Author: Louis Merhemitch
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have always had exceptional service from this practice. We were seen twice in one day (recently) with very little notice, when my very young son came up in a rash all over his body. I myself have always been very impressed with how they have cared for me, on the rare occasions that I have had to attend. E consult works really well too and the receptionists also seem very considerate.

Author: Dianne Brown
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Did an econsult in the morning received a call within an hour and had a Face to face with GP within 2 hours excellent service Thankyou

Author: Georgina Gailans
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best practice ive been registered with. In general not just the area. They're current rating seems too small as a 3.5 as of 30/09/25. I work in a gp practice and my general opinion they run an excellent service for their patient population. Im not sure if the rating is based on no one has seen the waiting times in london or if they've just been with the surgery from when you took a number and waited. Core Gp hours are Monday to Friday. Gp surgeries tend to have extended access hubs of which they can book into for appointments on weekends and sometimes depending on the area and service agreement evening past 6.30. What i find helpful, if computer literate obviously is their e-consultations. This way you can explain in full what is the problem, submit photos and generally get the help you need. Rather then waiting on the phone and possibly being frustrated that you have waited so long. Its quick and simple. Im just reviewing from both sides, as a patient and as someone who works in a gp surgery. Thank you for great service. I honestly haven't had better.

Author: Pold Fen
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionists are exceptionally rude, considering this is a doctor’s surgery where people are calling with real/ potentially serious issues, they could at least have some respect. Also, if the practice is “open all day” on Saturdays, I suggest you update your opening hours online.

Author: Dee a
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
i have been a patient here for more than 30 years. I would not want to be a patient anywhere else. I have always found the Doctors and Nurses here supportive and helpful. Sometimes going the extra mile - even under extreme pressure. Additionally - particularly over recent years - the Receptionists have been helpful and courteous. Repeat prescription requests have been responded to quickly - again particularly over the last few years. Yes - it can be difficult sometimes to get an appointment (only reason for 4 stars) - clearly due to the underfunding of the NHS over the last 8 or 9 years and subsequent pressures on our GP practices. Frustrating at times - but that is a national issue. The introduction of occasional Saturday opening or later night is a welcome one. Let's identify good practice from which we benefit.
