Practice: VILLAGE SURGERY
Canonical code: E82037
Postcode: AL5 2BT
Google Maps title: The Village Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Village+Surgery/@51.8142184,-0.3601958,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48763861266d6c47:0x5dbc7610e66b2d60!8m2!3d51.8142151!4d-0.3576155!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F124sqh7lp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82037-village-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Wendy Barker
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent- thank you very much. Raised a concern on line regarding my elderly mother who had a bad fall. This has been responded to with care and action within a few minutes. Thank you

Author: chris marlow
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
chris marlow3 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Keith Jennings
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had appointment this morning doctor was straight to the point explained my health issues fully could not have been kinder Issued me with Antibiotics told me any side effects make another on line appointment then explained what I needed to put on the appointment on line form If needed.

Author: Sandra Rayside
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had my share of good and bad service from the receptionists at this surgery. Today's was horrendous. Started off with, you have to fill in an online form. Incorrect if you dont have access to the internet, Reception should offer to complete! Receptionist made assumptions and had to be prompted to ensure she took the correct information, had no idea that you could receive prescriptions anywhere in England had so tell her she was in correct. She also said that I could get a script quicker by getting an emergency supply, incorrect again as the drug I am on is not one that can be given as is one of the drugs that is on an Acute list that this is not possible! Did not understand or care what reactions a person mental and physical body goes through when in withdrawals and did not care. What sent red flags is she was probably in training as the Manager was sitting next to her. Receptionist's get a raw deal alot of the time but as a patient I first hand get the frustration when dealing with a receptionist that is either poorly trained, not trained or just wanting to get a patient off the phone. No empathy what so ever. The Reception Manager Sharon, had her own faults in the way she handled my call, saying a GP will get round to doing prescriptions after 3 pm after their clinic is not very helpful especially when a patient has stated that they are in symptoms of withdrawal, not clinically trained I get, sadly few Reception Staff are now with the electronic versions of form filling but they should still know the difference between someone requestion a usual drug to an acute drug and the consequences each may have. On this occasion I am not at all impressed, and extremely frustrated.

Author: Fran Bennett
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ridiculous system where you have to phone, receive a link to a form, wait for someone to look at the form and then receive a call back and if you are lucky you might just get an appointment in St Albans even though you live in Harpenden. How on earth do vulnerable people navigate this absolute nonsense of a process.

Author: Anur Miah
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Anur Miah11 months ago

Author: felicity wetherell
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have been at the surgery 2years and always made to feel like because I’m 37 I’m not a priority and now you can’t even speak to someone, you get sent a form to fill in and when you are feeling super poorly to put into words how you feel is really hard, the form is really long and not specific to anything. Why we can’t just speak to a actual human is beyond me and then I get shipped off to see someone in St Albans like always , begs me to ask, what is the point of even having a local doctors if I can never visit them.

Author: Catalin Tilimpea
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Update: things have improved drastically. I wouldn't call this a top notch facility but it's clear they're using limited resources much better and staff attitude is immensely improved. Previous review for reference: Urgent calls result in lengthy conversations with robots, being placed in queues where nobody picks up or does pick up only to immediately hang up. Not fit for purpose. Update: receptionists have become so vile at this so called surgery that they hang up on patients.

Author: Patrick Mcredwood
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are rude, extremely unhelpful and refuse to book an appointment with your doctor

Author: Joanne Davies
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently had cause to see my GP (Dr Modi) on a number of occasions and I have to say that the service I have received has been absolutely first rate. From diagnosis to treatment with explanations along the way, I have received excellent care. I should also add that the receptionists at both branches have never been anything other than helpful and friendly.
