Practice: VINE HOUSE HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: E82046
Postcode: WD5 0AL
Google Maps title: Vine House Health Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 77
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Vine+House+Health+Centre/@51.7049235,-0.4212109,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48764049c910c5cf:0x2e1f1c6d09e41b1d!4m8!3m7!1s0x48764049cbcfe363:0x47eeef457b675946!8m2!3d51.7049202!4d-0.4186306!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hm3jg_z_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82046-vine-house-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Helen Campbell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have found the triage system easy to navigate and they are always quick to respond.

Author: Sara Paterson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude staff no help at all

Author: scarlett roach
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
avoid like the plague. I could write a book about the horrific experiences that myself and my family have had to go through at this hell hole. all 4 of us removed ourselves as patients after years of rude, neglectful, cruel doctors who have no interest or care in their patients wellbeing or mental health.

Author: Mark Wright
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff at vinehouse always kind and caring and helpful

Author: Kelen Marques
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A year ago, we relocated from London to Abbots Langley. Vine House functions as an excellent GP practice, with Dr. A. Roberts displaying exceptional attentiveness and efficiency. The staff is exceptional, displaying utmost politeness.

Author: Lee Washington
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a vasectomy procedure undertaken by Dr Ali Rasekhi. He was very reassuring and there was no pain during the procedure.

Author: Mollie Rodriguez
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Honestly terrible, the receptionists are so rude and never listen to anything you ask for e.g. advice, an appointment (Due to some people not being able to use the online service) and more! Absolute rubbish.

Author: mel iannotta
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Probably one of the worst surgeries I've ever had the misfortune to attend. Many Years ago I had acupuncture for an injury so a doctor there covered my entire head and shoulders with needles. I looked like the exorcist. He left the room said he'd be back. After over an hour I was still sat there and no doctor and they started to hurt. I couldn't go out the room to look for him as I had no top on, and I had no phone on me. So after an hour 1/2 I took them out myself and went to reception to explain what had happened and they laughed and joked the doctor must of forgot. Never went back there again. Rude staff, doctors that don't care for their patients just all round the MOST awful surgery I've ever been to

Author: John Giles
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Brilliant. Always so helpful. Great staff and doctors

Author: Elena Maria Egawhary
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is literally the worst surgery in the area in my opinion. My family and I have left after having persisted out of loyalty because we were with this surgery for more than 30 years and felt attached to it. I feel the doctors are reckless with their patients’ care. My biggest concern is the way they treat pensioner patients (seems to be a pattern in the reviews about this). The final straw for us was after my pensioner parent was taken by ambulance to the hospital with a suspected heart attack. Following an overnight stay in A&E we were told to make an appointment with the GP the following day - Vine House refused to see my parent for two weeks. We moved to another local surgery, got an appointment the day after registration and my parent was treated with the care, dignity and respect they deserved after such an event. If you can, do leave as the other surgeries in the area seem to be far far better. I also think an investigation is long overdue into how this surgery treats elderly and vulnerable patients. If you have actual medical needs it seems they would rather treat you so badly that you feel you have to leave than actually support or treat you. All the GPs are part time here, no one is dedicated to the practice. They don’t even do the bare minimum for NHS patients and I suspect spend most of their time working for Bupa while viewing their NHS work as a top up rather than a dedicated calling. This inevitably trickles down to administrative staff who in my opinion do all they can to put off patients. The sadness is what my pensioner parent said to me after their first appointment at the new surgery: “I wasn’t sure if it was Vine House being bad or just general NHS standards slipping so I put up with it thinking it was probably the same everywhere, but after seeing this new (full time NHS) doctor at the new surgery I feel I wasted years with a surgery where I literally dreaded going to see the doctor and put it off for as long as I could as it was such an ordeal. It shouldn’t be that way really should it?” No it should not. I’ve never felt more relieved we’ve left.
