Practice: HALL GROVE GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: E82062
Postcode: AL7 4PL
Google Maps title: Hall Grove Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hall+Grove+Surgery/@51.7894256,-0.1843249,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487624c9c553d973:0xa731ff4ad970ef04!4m8!3m7!1s0x487624c9c5043adf:0x2a95a2becb259fd1!8m2!3d51.7894223!4d-0.1817446!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g_0yjfh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82062-hall-grove-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: LM
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been seen by Dr Price a number of times. Very kind and professional!

Author: Peter Bluffield
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient for the last 13 years and always found the service to be excellent. Whenever I have requested an e-consult I get a response normally within the hour. I also have two young daughters and any time we have needed to access the clinic they have been efficient, professional and on any in person appointments have never felt rushed. I myself have had various calls over the phone and again I am made to feel listened to and cared for. Keep up the good work!!

Author: Sarah Ellingworth
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't fault the team at Hall Grove. Myself and my family have had excellent support when we have needed it over the last 20 years. I find the clinicians always listen and the admin team does a terrific job, despite the increasing demand for services.

Author: Jim Forrester
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After getting over cancer had some skin problems and allergy probably caused by treatment . Folliculitis diagnosed and treated quickly . Ige blood test for allergy requested by doctor , and now being referred to a specialist and advised to stop eggs , milk and dairy for now. All done quickly within 3 days .

Author: Teresa Palmer
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I originally gave this practice a 5 * when I first joined they where so helpful. I seemed to get the 1 good receptionist but then, never judge a book by the cover. Most GP's in WGC are businesses ran by partners, they think they abide by their own law, they have their own policy but they forget they still should abide by the law and their licence to practice is via the GMC they have a duty of care and if they fail to provide it they are legally liable. As a woman I have struggled to be Diagnosed with an autoimmune disease, it affects my spine and as a woman my peripheral joints. Its a chronic inflamitory disease and have to now self catheterise due to spinal and neurological nerve damage. It should be monitored and coordinated via my GP but as most practice partners only work 2.5/3 days a week then work pro-rata they are hardly ever at work, so how could you possibly look after and coordinate care for people like myself when you dont have enough days in your week... So obviously like all cowboys who can't run a business properly, lazy and bodge the jobs because they want to pop down the pub and play with their mates they make mistakes and like all cowboys they still want paying 🤔 well unfortunately these cowboys put lives at risk, they get paid regardless and then when they fail to do their job (save lifes) they still get paid... Even when they are explicit on allowing you to be put on disease Modifying drugs knowing you are not diagnosed, ignoring your concerns and then when having a seriouse alergic reaction that they should have known because its in ur med records they then ignore simple things like bloodpreasure over 100 for 6 weeks, tell you its normal and put you on bloodpreasure tablets and then send you to the wrong hospital that doesnt have your notes in order to cover it up and then when you show seriouse heart damage they lie to try and avoid accountability 😱 it gets worse, they then blocked my calls acused me of swearing and been abusive to their rude vile receptionist who actually fueled the accusations and then in the middle of a life threatening situation that they put me in, they removed my meds and struck me off leaving me with no primary, secondary or NHS app for 2 weeks. This has now contaminated my records because my new GP surgery Garden City Practice have been given such a complex case that they can't and dont know how to deal with it, so they read through Park way practice and do exactly the same... so beware My GP was Dr Kanthi, I then spoke with Dr Shah who ignored my calls when my bloodpreasure was high and then Dr Benfield who lied about my ECG... Don't think that by not accepting emails you have gone under the radar, I didnt feel safe under your care everything was copied into Health watch, ICB, CQC and when I have finished building my case against you I will report you to the GMC... These 3 men in a position of power blocked my right to a female gp, their practice manager is their to protect their reputation not their patients safety. Not only did they take away my right to a female gp but they changed my GP Dr Kanthi to Dr Benfield and then all three of them sent me vile letters through the post inorder to avoid scrutiny... Three senior partners men in a position of power destroying their patients in order to protect their reputation ... You need to report these men NOT COMPLAIN but report CQC, Healthwatch, NHS England, and your MP, ICB are useless and when you have enough evidence report them to the GMC...
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feed back

Author: Becca
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This morning, 28th March 2019, it was impossible to get through to either Parkway or Hall Grove on the telephone. The phone would simply ring off of the hook, not even put you on hold - I tried for 20 minutes before realising it was not going get answered and had to go through on the emergency/home visit line. This is just one of many increasing issues that make it extremely difficult to get an appointment with this surgery. The receptionists all seem to have completely different information and training; some able and willing to help, whilst others simply repeating 'there's nothing I can do, try again tomorrow' in the face of a medical issue. The online system is mediocre, at best. Prescriptions are rejected without any contact or reason given; without any attempt to reach out and make an appointment if the doctor believes there is a problem with it. I have not once had a trouble-free interaction with this practice and try to avoid going at all costs (which is probably the goal). As a result of this I have ended up in urgent care on several occasions for various issues that became urgent due to being unable to see a doctor. I truly believe this practice is failing its duty of care. This review was flagged for ‘fake engagement’. I an therefore editing and resubmitting as this was a genuine experience.

Author: Dovile Leonaviciute
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to Dr Amar Maroo for all the help and support during the appointment and his time to explain everything in detail to me and put me at ease. Brilliant service.

Author: Leanne Mullen
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was seen by Dr Maroo this morning very promptly after filling in an econsult form. He was extremely thorough, polite and professional and went above and beyond my requests this morning. I have left the surgery feeling very positive.

Author: Mike Clark
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Deeply unhelpful and without understanding or care

Author: laura lee leslie
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very very dissatisfied and feel I have been hoodwinked and fobbed off! The doctor told me he was seeking advice to help decide what medication I needed. This was a lie. I suggest if you speak on the phone to these doctors that you record the conversation. I’m left with terrible anxiety and no help from gp. I have today received a letter proving that he did not request advice for himself. He instead has tried to pass me on, fobbed me off so I’m no longer his problem! I have had nothing but problem after problem. I’ve written complaints that get ignored. AVOID THIS SURGERY. It’s not worth the stress and anxiety. Here I am again after more stress and anxiety trying to request my repeat medication but it was ignored and then REMOVED from my repeat list without any notice or reason why. Not for the first time may I add. I had vital meds removed before in this way, which would have caused womb cancer if I didn’t have them. I’m now left having another fight to get my very important medication. My stress and anxiety is mostly caused by dealing with this surgery
