Practice: CHURCH STREET PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: E82067
Postcode: CM23 2LY
Google Maps title: Church Street Partnership
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 13
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Church+Street+Partnership/@51.8706841,0.1555362,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8853dacb40001:0x1606c5e0f1c330d5!8m2!3d51.8706808!4d0.1581165!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j2ypct2f?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82067-church-street-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Joanne Trent
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Joanne Trent1 reviewa month ago

Author: Mark Reynard
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having moved from the Bedfordshire/Hertfordshire border where the GP system has basically failed. The Church Street Partnership is literally the exact opposite. Staff are lovely, GPs accessible, appointments actually available. Proper care! Credit where credit is due. So lucky to have moved to Stortford for so many reasons!!

Author: J
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP practice has regrettably has abandoned any direct initial patient service or interaction. Appointments can only be requested online, The scheduling of appointments cannot be discussed or scheduled at a mutually convenient time so they set up times that you cannot meet. They seem only to want to deal with people via email or text in order to ‚tick boxes’ which inevitably descends into an endless back and forth that could be easily avoided if they just spoke directly to patients. On several occasions I have encountered dismal customer service and have now reached the conclusion that this GP practice see their role as providing a service. I am moving to another GP but want to warn anyone unlucky enough to consider this GP practice - please steer clear, you will regret it!

Author: Timothy Fok
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a flare up and they only offered a blood test by SMS. The receptionist is fabulous and I found out in the phone appointment after two weeks of SMS while another doctor told me that I could only go back to the hospital specialist. It’s negligence of my urgent need of medication. I could have been notified by SMS as well to ask me contact the hospital instead.

Author: JEE THIRU
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very worst service… they don’t have knowledge about their duties zero knowledge reception and management

Author: Jamie Macdonald
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Avoid doctors usually, have had to go, staff wonderful, have nothing negative to say, over the the phone or in person im grateful to have church street as my doctors.x

Author: Vivien Farrar
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Vivien Farrar7 months ago

Author: Stuart Brace
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had the need to contact the surgery yesterday called at 8.00a.m. for an urgent appointment a Doctor called me back within 45mins and was given a face to face Doctors appointment within 3 hours. Excellent service

Author: Lucy Bennett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an absolutely awful experience with this surgery whilst living in the area. They would not take me seriously when I presented with symptoms of asthma and turned me away multiple times with a horrendous attitude as though I had wasted THEIR time. Since moving into a new area and registering with a new GP I have since been diagnosed with asthma and prescribed medication to manage my symptoms. Was it really that hard for Church Street to even do a lung function test?? Not to mention the countless times they cancelled my therapy referrals without communicating with me. I only got a reason after I raised the issue to management and demanded a copy of my medical records. And to top it off- whilst sending back and forth emails to raise a complaint about this toxic place…they stopped replying. I honestly wish I could give this place negative stars 🙃🙃🙃

Author: Paul Cutmore
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
shocking service, messing up my prescriptions regally for 5 months now, demanded share of care before completing a prescription. The latest took me a week of phone calls and pleading how important they are for me! receptionist fobbing me off! Only for the pharmacist to intervene and press the importance/ urgency to them. still couldn't get it right. I am under a doctor at Addenbrookes and they do not share the same online mychart APP, not happy and trying to move asap..
