Practice: SHEPHALL HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: E82056
Postcode: SG2 9QZ
Google Maps title: Shephall Health Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Shephall+Health+Centre/@51.8901454,-0.1699458,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48762fc987803a2d:0x9bb1a99ae7d42fcf!8m2!3d51.8901421!4d-0.1673655!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6bvjnh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82056-shephall-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Barrie Kaplan
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have just joined this surgery from my old doctors who let me down! I had my first appointment yesterday and I was very impressed and the doctor listened to what I had say! So far so good, let's hope it carries on in the same vein!!! Very happy!

Author: Rose Welch
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nothing but praise for this surgery, multiple lovely doctors, lovely nurses The receptionists always very helpful 😊

Author: LORRAINE lorraine
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Joined Shephall after moving from London. It was a slow progress getting on the system due to awaiting my records and a backlog with admin but once registered I have found the staff very helpful and the gp's especially Dr Epstein & Dr Singh very helpful and understanding. My e consults are answered immediately and appointments are made quickly including referrals. The practice is clean and welcoming with exceptional help from the admin team with my many questions. I have since been referred to rheumatology and dermatology very quickly due to skin concerns and osteoporosis which my previous GP in London had not done. Dr Epstein is extremely thorough and very understanding and helpful as is Dr Singh and Dr Hannah. I give 5 stars to SHEPHALL HEALTH Centre. Thank you to all the staff at Shephall. Update. Katie the new phlebotomist is absolutely lovely and took my blood without any issues. I have had a bad experience with my dentist who needed to take a blood test before an infusion and the person bruised my left arm and said I had difficult veins! Leading to me leaving without the blood test. Obviously not as competent as Katie. Thank you :)

Author: Gary Mayer
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had fantastic care and understanding from Dr Daodu over the last few months, as I was going through a very difficult time. He suggested treatment, snd guided me to professional support. He went 110% to help me.

Author: Olivia Christina
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The most awful, incompetent surgery I have ever had the displeasure of being registered to. The registered my daughter before she was registered elsewhere leaving her without a GP because they were incompetent in understanding a court order. Then then have failed to respond adequately to my complaint from June/July, and answer if they will be able to see my child under mine or a temp registration. Their last response was they would respond to me some time in the next six months. This response is simply to state the reason they cannot see her so that I can take the next steps in ensuring my child has access to a local GP. Today when I said i want to ask a question and record it the woman hung up on me. The next woman I spoke to was incredibly rude and accused me of raising my voice again I recorded this conversation. This GP has directly caused me stress and upset, the GP would prescribe meds to manage rather than manage the actual useless staff. GP’s are lovely, practice staff, I wouldn’t trust them in the slightest. They do not call back, always in a ‘meeting’ ignore formal complaints, give out inaccurate email addresses. All the while a child is at the center of this and needs access to a local GP. 1 star is not low enough!

Author: Lara KisB
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Extremely fast help this afternoon the lady from the reception was a pro

Author: Becca Shields
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a newly registered patient, I'm blown away by the professionalism and kindness of everyone I have spoken to and dealt with at the practice! I spoke to Beth at first who was so helpful and then I was passed on to a lovely lady called Jackie who went above and beyond to get my problem sorted. I've had bad experiences with other practices but I couldn't recommend Shephall enough!

Author: Mazza Benton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very unhelpful to my mother, who is elderly and has no internet access, and a basic phone so I have to intervene when she needs a doctor because they keep telling her to book on line. I live two hours away. What wrong with a simple phone call. Shocking

Author: P
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an extremely disappointing experience at this GP practice. I called for urgent advice about prescribed tablets and their side effects, such as late periods and dizziness, to find out if I should stop taking them. The receptionist did not listen and simply told me to fill out an eConsult form, which could take days for a response. This was completely unhelpful for something I needed to know immediately and felt highly unprofessional. I was already stressed, and their dismissive and judgemental attitude, including a comment about my age and inability to fill a form I never filled before, made me feel even more anxious, uncomfortable, and dismissed. Overall, due to the reception behaviour, this can sometimes affect the doctors and nurses, and on occasion they have also been unhelpful and dismissive. This practice has made me feel unsupported and neglected, falling far below the standard of care any patient should expect.

Author: Frances Taylor
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent consultation, very informative
