Practice: GRANGE STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: E82059
Postcode: AL3 5NF
Google Maps title: Grange Street Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Grange+Street+Surgery/@51.7573148,-0.3384301,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48763f2885c869a1:0xbb5ec7d53af3137c!8m2!3d51.7573115!4d-0.3358498!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcww6f2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82059-grange-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Viola
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I suspect most people may have had, at least once, the annoying experience of talking to a receptionist that acts as if he/she is the boss in the room. Rather than trying to mediate in order to have an issue resolved, they become arrogant and aggressive. They know better than you. And because they need to justify such an attitude, they also try to make you angry by, for example, challenging the truth of what you say. This is exactly how I was treated a few days ago by one of the receptionists at Grange Street Surgery. A woman of about 40-50 years of age treated me as if I were a liar and then, when I pointed out this to her, asked me to lower my voice and not to be rude to her. I ask: who is the one who is being rude and arrogant here? I have been registered at this surgery for over two decades. During this time I have experienced all sorts of problems, but nothing can be more humiliating and unfair than being called a liar, especially when your health is at risk.

Author: Den Konstantinov
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Despite NHS requirements, the surgery does not provide the option to book appointments online. Yes, there is a questionnaire form on the website, but at the end it will tell you to do the good old phone call to book anything.

Author: Max Thickbroom
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Max ThickbroomLocal Guide · 4 reviews2 months ago

Author: Bouthaina Matmati
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, Dr Carruthers is very thorough and attentive. Couldn't ask for a better GP!

Author: Praveen Kujal
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
We’ve been with them many years with no major issues. Recently I was prescribed an incorrect antibiotic for a UTI infection. The urine sample was spilled and no one bothered to call instead messaging me in the NHS app which I barely check. I finally ended up in emergency care with complications. I wrote to them requesting if they can explain why a wrong antibiotic was given. I’ve had no answer in several weeks. We’ve since switched our surgeries.

Author: lucy Shillinglaw
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
lucy Shillinglaw9 reviews · 6 photos4 months ago

Author: MIRANDA D
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very lucky to have this doctors surgery - receptionists are always helpful, doctors are good, can get a blood test app at the surgery. Have always had a good experience

Author: Natalia Kannanagra
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Highly professional staff, very much happy with their work and customer service.

Author: Luke MacFarlane
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
just wanted to share my experience this week. Phoned 3 times this week about a medical report. On most occasions I spoke to the most helpful young gentlemen. His customer service was outstanding and he helped me on every occasion . I didn't get his name but a thank you !

Author: tallulah asciana
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have never been more frustrated with a medical practice in my life. This doctor’s surgery is an absolute nightmare. First of all, trying to get an appointment is impossible – they have zero availability for months. I’ve called several times, only to be told the same thing: “Sorry, no slots for the next few months.” It’s absolutely ridiculous. To make matters worse, the reception staff is beyond unprofessional. They are rude, dismissive, and have no regard for basic customer service or phone etiquette. Every time I call, I’m greeted with disinterest and impatience. They act like they couldn’t care less about the patients they’re supposed to serve. I’ve encountered more than one instance where they were openly rude, and it’s clear they don’t value the people who are using their services and paying their wages! It’s appalling to see how little respect they have for their patients’ time and needs. I would never recommend this practice to anyone, and I am now a patient at Parkbury house across the road, who are amazing. The complete lack of professionalism and basic courtesy is unacceptable.
