Practice: BRIDGE COTTAGE SURGERY
Canonical code: E82019
Postcode: AL6 9EF
Google Maps title: Bridge Cottage Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 114
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bridge+Cottage+Surgery/@51.8300489,-0.2185207,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48763aeac0dc6851:0x9a5f158781817125!8m2!3d51.8300456!4d-0.2159404!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf7m199?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82019-bridge-cottage-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jane Doe
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
Two entrances ?

Author: K M
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been registered at five doctors surgeries between 2012 and 2024 and have never truly felt looked after. After moving to the area, I registered with Bridge Cottage and have been blown away. For the first time ever, I feel truly looked after, they’ve contacted me about reviews, necessary blood tests and haven’t had an issue obtaining an appointment. This makes a real difference to my mental/emotional wellbeing, so thank you.

Author: Stevie Ward
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saw the nurse no waiting nice manner

Author: Dick Muppet
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless and untrained wannabe doctors who prescribe medicines and then end prescriptions without informing the patient. Absolutely terrifying. Do not use this surgery.

Author: Hannah Walker
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
DO NOT TRUST THESE DOCTORS. Left my grandad sat upstairs waiting for an ambulance whilst he was having a stroke. He went there for help when he was starting to loose feeling in his arms, they called a non emergency ambulance and left him sat upstairs for over 2 hours until he lost all feeling in his arms and legs and his speech. When the ambulance finally arrived they were shocked that it had been called as a non emergency and had to try and get him downstairs into the ambulance. Unfortunately after 6 weeks in hospital he died, I would not trust these doctors with a cold, they can’t even identify symptoms of a stroke

Author: michele cain
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great customer service with Liz and the clinical Pharmacist Friday 17.10.25. Infection result received, correspondence from practice received, following a swab and some medicine needed. A non urgent matter although I was flying to India for 2 weeks 3 hours later. Liz listened to my predicament and messaged the CP. Medicine advised by CP and Liz rang me back before I left. Thank you so much for listening and then being able to help.

Author: Sean Bilyard
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m writing this review on behalf of my wife as she is too polite to tell the truth about the surgery and how badly it is run. This does extend to the doctors and nurses, never been issues with any of them. When interviewing reception staff, do they purposely look for people with an attitude, a reluctance to be helpful and with no basic human skills? The dismissive way my wife was treated today by one of the receptionists is totally unacceptable. having seen a doctor 2 days ago and being advised she has a kidney infection, she only has one kidney, so this is pretty important to be monitored, my wife called to see if the results of her urine sample had come back, the receptionist told her that no news meant good news. Fortunately my wife demanded to know the results and having to actually do her job, the receptionist quickly discovered the sample had been sent away because there was a concern with it, so not good news! My wife then when into the surgery today and asked if she could use the toilet, one of them was covered in faeces on the toilet and floor, but it’s ok because the receptionist knew this and had emailed her manager but she’s in a meeting. My wife asked if she could another toilet but was told that because she didn’t have a doctors appointment she couldn’t use that toilet! I honestly do not understand why these people work in a place frequently visited by ill people and then show such little care, just attitude and a desire to be as unhelpful as possible

Author: Elaine Ladak
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Me and my husband have seen doctor J wong a number of times now. We would just like to say how amazing she is. She is so nice, happy and supportive. She is excellent at her job and hope she continues at bridge cottage.

Author: Peter Farrington
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Not yet would be unfair at this point will post a response soon as I can without causing offence.

Author: Sam Tran
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently moved to the area from Luton and chose to register with Bridge Cottage Surgery due to its convenient location. The registration process was quick and straightforward — all done online, and I was fully registered within three working days. Although I hadn’t needed to visit a GP previously, being generally healthy and young, I encountered a few urgent health issues over the past two weeks. I called the surgery just before midday and was able to get an appointment the same day. I've now visited twice, and on both occasions, the doctors were exceptionally compassionate, attentive, and thorough. They took the time to listen, made appropriate referrals, and provided the necessary medication, which left me feeling genuinely cared for. Overall, I've had a very positive experience so far. Excellent service, and I’m glad to be part of this GP practice.
