Practice: CENTRAL SURGERY
Canonical code: E82100
Postcode: CM21 9AQ
Google Maps title: Central Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Central+Surgery/@51.8127411,0.1453711,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCENTRAL+SURGERY+CM21+9AQ!3m8!1s0x47d89af9203e1e07:0x837586929dd3ec3!8m2!3d51.8125721!4d0.1479004!9m1!1b1!15sChhDRU5UUkFMIFNVUkdFUlkgQ00yMSA5QVGSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1vj5zgny?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82100-central-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Christine Atkins
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very professional ,caring staff. Unfortunately, recently I was not at all impressed with the new healthcare associate Hayley who told me" it didnt matter if it took me several hours to put on my leg wraps on". She did not introduce her level of qualification. No understanding g thst the patient may feel anxious on first meeting, very abrupt in manner. Just said she was going to "assess me", As an intelligent woman I asked "assess me for what?". She replied " my legs"". As she is not a fully qualifed nurse I was naturally concerned. She did not put me at ease. I've requested a meeting at the surgery to try to resolve matters. I have not heard back as yet. My legs went downhill as I was left without care as Hayley said my wraps were unsuitable. I had a older wrap that was suitable, but was not offered an appointmrnt to new wraps were ordered. Consequently, my legs deteriorated. She did not put me at ease, nor look at my situation holistically. I felt there was a definately lack of empathy. She made me feel like a number, not a person. I have requested a meeting with the staff/ nurses to try to resolve this. After initially having submitted a complaint. She definately made me feel uncomfortable. I have yet to hear from the surgery. From CA. BA (Hons) Health and Social Care.

Author: Louise Chapple
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Louise ChappleLocal Guide · 2 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Roger Lindley (Lindleys)
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
An excellent surgery with the usual problems of the NHS. A good team of doctors, nurses, paramedics and othe specialist services. Doctors used to be time conscious, but now find that, for patients with complicated health issues, the doctors find the time to discuss issues and associated concerns. Receptionist get a lot of complaints, but I've never had any problems. I can understand their difficulties, having witnessed the expectations some patients have. GPs time is limited and for many people, a visit to one of the villages two pharmacies will quickly solve their problems. But nobody's perfect and there's more that the surgery could do. The newsletter gives very little information on 'news at the Surgery' such as staff changes, etc. Repeated messages when telephoning can be annoying because of their length and frequency. Not sure if there is a call back function if you are in a queue. Usually, there is ample parking adjacent to the surgery, but do take a ticket from the machine. First 30 minutes is free (not if you use the app - it doesn't recognise the free time!) 10th Jan 2026 Reduced from 5 to 3 stars because of recent extremely disappointing event Discharged from A&E with advice to seek urgent medication from GP. Was told that no appointment until next week - this despite being in severe pain.

Author: Susan Moore
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Central surgery is a doctor's. Surgery

Author: John Curl
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
John CurlLocal Guide · 32 reviews · 2,997 photos4 months ago

Author: Daphne Taylor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wouldn’t even give them a one star. I am an elderly lady and have recently undergone Cataract Surgery. My eye has become red and inflamed so went into Surgery said they couldn’t help ,and to ring in the morning. So today I rang and again most uncooperative and asked me to ring after 11am. I asked for some more eye drops as this would give me some relief or should I go to A and E as it is impossible to get through to the Hospital. Again completely disinterested and she said they may send through a prescription to my Pharmacy if necessary.The worst Surgery ever.

Author: Ria Heritage
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best Gp

Author: Sian Morton
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Recently booked an app for our toddler, we were kept waiting for almost an hour past app time. It’s not easy to keep a poorly toddler entertained in a doc surgery. When we finally got called there was an empty plate and open brown sauce on the table. Whilst I fully support GPs getting breaks and adequate time to eat etc this felt really poorly timed. I could have let it go if the gp wasn’t so rude. He was extremely nonchalant, spoke over me when I expressed concerns and repeatedly huffed at my distressed toddler. We actually ended up calling 111 later in the day and got a much better standard of care. No idea why I haven’t moved surgery’s yet because every time we have an appointment we’re disappointed.

Author: Graham Read
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Nice and clean, as expected.

Author: LisaM
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this surgery for years now, and from childhood, never had any problems, can't rate this surgery enough, staff and go's and nurses are fantastic.
