Practice: ROYSIA SURGERY
Canonical code: E82132
Postcode: SG8 5PT
Google Maps title: Roysia Surgery SG8 5PT
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Roysia+Surgery+SG8+5PT/@52.0588895,-0.0225063,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877d574a540903f:0xa9882a0c85a68874!8m2!3d52.0588862!4d-0.019926!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc48b7gn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82132-roysia-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Karl Lawrence
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ever since I have been with this doctor’s surgery everything has been so much easier. Lisa and Jenny have always been a pleasure to speak with. I’m not sure of the lady’s name I spoke to today, however she was the epitome of helpfulness and cordiality. Thank you for setting the standard for doctor’s surgeries.

Author: Louise Price
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Louise PriceLocal Guide · 1 review3 months ago

Author: Andrew Birks
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Love this survey but hate the open plan and very audible reception area. Need more privacy at the counter.

Author: Samantha
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Whatever you do, don’t join this surgery, no one has a clue what they are doing! If I could score it a zero I would!!

Author: Shane Walton
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is so slow at answering phones and when you try to book an appointment it is clearly to much hard work for the lazy igrant receptionists to book an appointment what are we paying our stamp for??? If the white British people aren't entitled to a GP appointment then we should not have to pay for all these illegal immigrants to get free medical appointments I have been paying in since the age of sixteen but still not entitled for an appointment with GP this surgery should be closed down how disgusting these medical receptionist are sack the lot of them now get ridge of them and cut doctors pay packets in half then perhaps they will learn to get of their backsides and clearly do some proper work and stop being so racist against the white British males they say white British males never contact GPS surgery is their any wonder why they don't talk to their GPS when receptionists are to lazy to answer their phone's and book the white males an appointment people should not consider joining this practice diabetic people are just getting messed about by the useless nurses at this practice now should sack the nurses and take nurses who don't fob of people with poor excuses due to the fact that the nurses can't be bothered to work now in this surgery if you are thinking about joining this surgery then Don't bother especially if you are a diabetic their receptionists find it to hard to email GPS even tho they have use of email the government has made a serious floor in awarding this company eight surgeries around the whole area and the government need to re look at their mistakes in this area and look re distrubuting these contracts and taking these eight surgeries people should avoid joining Burns Road Surgery Royston SG8 5PT they refuse patient funder mental rights because their staff are igrant and if you look at their staff you are in the wrong they try to tell you that you are not welcome in their surgeries well they need to learn to grow up and if they dress procatively then what do they expect and they all need to remember that it is a public place their management need to get ridged of these staff!!!! The staff pick on who face fits and who face doesn't fit this includes their receptionists as well!!! The ones that causes the problems in that surgery is the receptionist from Bassingbourn and the phelabotomist from Bassingbourn they talk behind patients backs and pick and choose on who they like and who they want to cause the problems for so just be warned about this diabolical surgery MKGP staff are totally unqualified at this surgery so avoid at all cost now got totally fed up with having my my fuderal mental request denied to see a diabetic nurse refused and denied as I am diabetic and this company does not have any proper diabetic nurses by this company MKGP and had to request to go over to Addenbrokes Hospital that if their GP has even done my referral properly to ADDENBROKES HOSPITAL DIABETIC CLINIC this was not directed at the burns road boots chemist staff but directed at the surgery Their staff do not commit their selves to what they say that they are going to do I have had a lies that has come from their own staff and lies even from their emails this surgery has gone down hill so badly if I was in charge of this surgery then all their staff would have got their p45s their management just don't have a clue on what is going on at this surgery and need to open their eyes now all their troubles started when they employed that phelabotomist from Bassingbourn and that receptionist from Bassingbourn the best thing they can do is to get ridged of both of them!!! As for they still have not done the refferal to Addenbrokes Hospital they have lied to sent emails saying that they have done it and then sent me emails saying that they have not done it they don't know their backside from their elbows people should seriously avoid joining any MKGP surgies and avoid being treated via any of their staff they are totally untrained in anything medical and avoid being treated via their diabolical phelabotomist

Author: K Jaye
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to Roysia Surgery from Royston Health Centre 3 years ago after medical neglect and I haven't ever had an issue with Roysia. The receptionists are lovely and genuinely helpful. The doctors are attentive and respectful. My current doctor, Dr Marsh, is a brilliant doctor and a very good listener. Dr Rasool is a kind person and also a good doctor. Nurse Brown and Nurse Killen go above and beyond for their patients. Thank you for everything you do, it's nice to finally not feel dread when calling the doctors in the morning. 😊

Author: Vanessa Hutchinson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Vanessa Hutchinson12 reviews8 months ago

Author: Becca M
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such a brilliant GP practice with the loveliest and most attentive receptionists, doctors and nurses- I can’t thank you all enough🙂 …

Author: Sanjana Vegesna9
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst experience ever .. last week came for booked appointment made me wait for almost 30mins and today I had blood test at 12:40 due to traffic truck for 5mins cancelled appointment is that the way you treat the people if it was your mistake we had to wait for hours and if we are late 5mins we don’t get chance ridiculous people

Author: Adam Skinner
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Does not deserve even 1 star. They don't tell the truth. Continual lies week after week.
