Practice: HELIX MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E82654
Postcode: CM23 5JH
Google Maps title: Helix Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Helix+Medical+Centre/@51.8658884,0.1724013,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d88544c15b49f5:0xd1f041e18b8a822a!8m2!3d51.8658851!4d0.1749816!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjdw4vg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E82654-helix-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kevin White
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Good luck with the quest of seeing a GP urgently. Phone booking system doesn't recognise details of registered patients (as the staff admitted themselves it is bad). Queuing on the phone to speak to reception (option 3) can take up to an hour. Then someone will call you back (may take 2 days) and say they are full this week and you may see a nurse miles away on Saturday. So their advice is to go to a walk in centre. This used to be the best practice in Bishops Stortford, even 2-3 years ago. They keep getting worse and will end up with a tragedy on their hands.

Author: Kasrah Rankine
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Is it even possible to get through to reception? This is truly unbelievable. I called like 10 times and still being lead into a cycle of nothingness from the options provided by the operator. I would like to ask what is the purpose of the phone number provided by the surgery’s website, is it just for decor? It’s really upsetting to be ill for days and can’t get access to the healthcare system in a so called first-world country. Literally have no choice than to google your symptoms, self-diagnosis and self-medicate by the hands of this surgery or die even. A proper mistake I made was transferring to this surgery. I really feel sorry for people with critical illnesses that are registered at this surgery. Please call 111 or 999, you will have more chances at getting through to a human.
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback, and I’m sorry to hear you had difficulty reaching us by phone. Our phone system uses an auto‑attendant, and selecting the Reception option will route your call directly to the team. If you prefer not to wait on the phone, you can also contact us through Accurx on our website. It is the quickest way to submit medical or administrative requests, and we still have appointments available today. As you’ve been able to use online reviews, you should find the online request system straightforward to use as well. Actually on checking it seems you were booked in by the automated system and then did not turn up for the appointment with the doctor this morning! That is a concern! Please do contact a healthcare professional in whichever form you feel most suitable to your current needs.

Author: J MR
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really useful outreach from Harlow Hospital great service

Author: Liyuan Malone
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Our family has been patients at Helix Medical Centre for over 10 years and we are incredibly grateful for the care we have received. Dr Takhar and Dr Takhar have looked after our family throughout that time and their leadership has clearly built a fantastic practice with an outstanding team of doctors. Many friends in the community speak highly of the practice, and it is easy to see why. Recently we have had excellent care from several doctors. Dr Seyyid Bedir was wonderful with my children – patient, warm and very reassuring. He took time to listen carefully and explained everything clearly in a way that made them feel comfortable and relaxed. Dr Mahwish Abid has been extremely supportive and compassionate during a difficult period for me. She listens carefully, asks thoughtful questions and always approaches appointments with genuine care and professionalism. Dr Hayden Briggs has also been fantastic when caring for my parents. As they do not speak English, I help translate, and he has always been patient, respectful and never rushed. He takes time to ensure everything is clearly understood. The reception team are also efficient and helpful. After more than a decade with this practice, we remain very grateful for the care they provide to our family and the wider community.

Author: J East
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unable to get through to reception to make an appointment. Utterly useless. I had to make an appointment for a family member online because they had tried for weeks to get through on the phone or use the automated service and then attempted to get an appointment online and she absolutely could not. They had to pay £50 to try to get the issue sorted to be told that they do need to see a GP. And, yes, I am technically able but I still struggled. When I called up I went through to the automated service and it took forever and potentially cost a huge amount of £ because of all the needless waffle especially as when I got through to the part where i would find out when my appointment would be, I was told that there were no appointments. There was one service that said press 3 and i pressed 3 and it just continued, like what had been offered when you pressed 3 was not available. Utterly infuriating. Ridiculous. Inaccessible. Discrimination. I am astounded that I got a response on this review site saying you were glad I was able to get an appointment completely disregarding that the person who needed the appointment is still unable to access their GP service without help. Some people dont have anyone. Older people , vulnerable people will be struggling to access their GP and you are so flippant about it. I find it absolutely disgraceful. This is why our A&E departments are crumbling. Because our local GP services are unable and unwilling to be accessible to their patients. Who do I contact to make a formal complaint? I couldn't type on the form you have on your website. Another indicator of inaccessibility and unwillingness to listen to your patients who, may I remind you, are the reason you are there.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback, and we’re sorry you had difficulty getting through to reception. We understand how frustrating that can be. We’re pleased you were able to use our online system and that it resulted in an appointment a few hours later. As you’ve shown you’re comfortable using online tools, we would really encourage you to use our online access system again next time—it’s usually the quickest and easiest way to contact the practice without waiting on the phones. Our phone lines also use Patient Partner to answer and direct calls, but at busy times they can still become very busy. Using the online system helps us manage demand and ensure you get the right help promptly. Thank you again for sharing your experience as it helps us continue improving our service. This will hopefully help other patients.

Author: Elizabeth Mcdermott
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Caring and dedicated. Doctor Takhar and reception all very professional. I have always been able to make appts and the call back system works very well. The reception staff are always polite and helpful.

Author: Isabelle Hayes
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phone call system to speak to receptionist is not working; been on the phone trying to speak to someone for 15 minutes, tried to book via the new system and there’s no appointments available, doctors I have seen there have no sympathy and seem to just brush my issues under the carpet (is it because I’m 30 and I’m not a priority? Who knows!!?)

Author: S W
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The surgery itself is very modern, clean and set within the community hospital. The waiting room is really spacious so you never have to sit next to anyone (and potentially catch something while you’re there!). When needed urgently I have had an immediate response and appointment from this surgery when I have requested one, usually same day. Like most NHS services you will expect long wait times for referrals but this is not the surgery’s fault. The reception staff are polite, the log in systems work, the doctors are efficient. When I have called I am usually no more than third in line, so much better than when I lived in London! The phone system now asks you if you want a call back which you can track online! I have been with this surgery for 7 years now and it’s the best surgery I have ever joined.

Author: Emily Milne
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can’t speak to someone any more. Their phone system cycles you around for 30 minutes until you lose the will to live. It used to be frustrating, but this latest version is impossible. The number links through to reception no longer work. You can’t explain it’s an urgent call at any point, so can’t get triaged. Have had to call 111 for my son’s symptoms and are being treated that way. If you are able to plan being sick for a few weeks / days in the future I’m sure it’s fine.

Author: Jeremy Morris
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good gp, quick to respond if you do a request and always try to fit you in. People are quick to complain but credit where credit is due.
