Practice: SQUIRES LANE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: E83007
Postcode: N3 2AU
Google Maps title: Squires Lane Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 178
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Squires+Lane+Medical+Practice/@51.6025155,-0.1775692,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487619f713d3eb5d:0xa494ef3c627806ff!8m2!3d51.6025122!4d-0.1749889!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcv0xx1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E83007-squires-lane-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Claire Turner
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely reception staff always happy to help even at the busiest times!!

Author: Noura El Mantawy
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful GP practice, very difficult to get an appointment and very long wait times - drs can’t wait to get you out. Something needs to be done to improve this place - service just keeps on dropping.

Author: Sarah Kush
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give a lower rating, I would. This practice does not seem to care about patients’ wellbeing. There is a clear lack of compassion, and the administrative staff often appear inexperienced as if their on work experience and show little sense of urgency when dealing with patients. Getting an appointment feels like “survival of the fittest.” The practice has changed its eConsult service provider at least three times in the past year twice within just a few months which has made the process confusing and frustrating. I have never been so disappointed with a GP practice. Access to care should not be this difficult and patients deserve a more organised and compassionate service.

Author: Anna M
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Always has appointments which is better than most surgeries! However, they shouldn’t make people with prams have appointments upstairs. There’s also nowhere to leave the pram downstairs so you have to navigate carrying it up alongside a baby!

Author: Amjad Ali
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I strongly recommend everyone to stay away. The service is terrible. GP and receptionist are very unhelpful. The GP refusing to issue a simple letter despite we agreeing to pay for this non-NHS service. Please please please stay away.

Author: Rochelle “Roche”
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
They have improved soo much. Receptionists are very helpful. Doctors are patient and thorough.

Author: Shazia Cheema
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
40+ years my mum had been with this surgery, they have neglected her care to the extent she has ended up in hospital for to their incompetance. This surgery needs to be closed down. The thought of contacting them on my mums behalf used to make me feel sick. We have moved to a new surgery that is a breath of fresh air.

Author: sharon stalin
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Pointless, appointment can only be asked before 12 and only through e consult which says to call and when u do they say use another option on Econsult which then asked to wait 2days, after 2 days it said not enough info and ended the consult. Contacted again and went there cus i live 3min walk, they said it can only be done through e consult when i said i already went through every option in it they said ONLY PHONE CALL THEN AND TOLD ME TO CALL THEM ON THE PHONE THEY HAVE INFRONT OF THEM STANDING OUTSIDE THE BUILDING, this is all just to get an appointment. when i said i am going through this process standing right here so its done and refused to leave without a resolution. The lady sitting next to the receptionist called the POLICE saying I am disruptive and a lot of other things. The police came up and as per law since i have been asked to leave i have to exit the building while also saying " i understand its the same for me but they asked u to leave so u have to, go to the A N E or something whats the point of getting angry its not solving anything" they really expected me to be nice after a month of not even getting an appointment. so here i am waiting in A N E cus i cant get an appointment with a GP and writing a review plus deciding if i should sue them. JUST AVOID.

Author: Grahame Willis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always had exceptional service from this practice, been a patient for 50 years! Always friendly reception staff and always able to get a response same day after doing an e consultation. Thank you.

Author: Ishan Ishan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would to thank dr divani,very helpful person who hears your problem and guide you ,very kind and helpful and experienced Dr
