Practice: PENNINE DRIVE PRACTICE
Canonical code: E83025
Postcode: NW2 1PA
Google Maps title: Pennine Drive Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 142
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Pennine+Drive+Surgery/@51.568379,-0.2116458,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487610926174d81f:0x9cfcd59ecfbfd04a!8m2!3d51.5683757!4d-0.2090655!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfh4408?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E83025-pennine-drive-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: tanya clarke
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have LPA of my elderly mother and often need help from the surgery for her . I find the whole practise very helpful

Author: Ali Althaserey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude reception I very happy with all doctors but I had enough from the reception lady she doesn’t give me her name but I can’t take this I am in very bad stage and I don’t get help because the reception is the main people who can access me to the doctor I don’t know what can I do

Author: afrah mohsin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
afrah mohsin4 months ago

Author: John Chan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have not had any issues with this surgery, it was straighforward registering when I moved to the area. They arranged nurse checkup, and follow on standard blood test.

Author: Waleed Cs
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They charge £30 for signing a Healthy Start form. What a disgusting place. August 2024 update: Had another experience with the rude receptionist named Melody. She kept repeating herself to hand over a letter that I had paid to receive for myself. Behaved very rudely from the moment I said hello. So many reviews related to the receptionist and it seems nothing is being done about it.

Author: Maksymilian Kubiak
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
GP told me to come in but it was closed. Says everywhere online and on the phone that they’re open from 8am til 6:30pm. Rarely a pleasant experience dealing with this GP over the 14+ years I’ve been going here. At least I can say they’re consistent! Go elsewhere if you have the luxury of choice. UPDATE: Called in for some questions about ADHD. Got treated very unprofessionally, immediately accused of wanting amphetamines, kept interrupting me and didn’t let me talk. Told me that we’re all sometimes just a bit fidgety, again without me even able to state anything yet. I asked a questions about the private route, doctor claimed that I should not take it because they ALL diagnose incorrectly and that every single one, everyone that goes to it ALWAYS gets diagnosed with ADHD. First of all didn’t answer my actual question, and the sentiment that anything private whatsoever is wrong is extremely unprofessional. I left the call not having most of my questions answered, and feeling very attacked like I was some sort of drug addict itching to extort the practice for drugs. Don’t go here, the reviews don’t exaggerate, this gp does not care. This is the last straw

Author: Laura Swinchatt
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was trying to book an appointment to see my doctor, Dr. Bentley and I’m Really just shocked at the rudeness from receptionist. I called up today and was instantly hit with ‘you can’t always get what you want you youngsters’ I wasn’t asking for much. Just to speak to a doctor as I’ve just had surgery. I feel like because I’m young I’m spoken to like I know nothing. My surgeon told me I had to ask my gp for an extension of pain medicine as he couldn’t dispense it from the clinic. I told him this would be a problem, and yet look I am correct, this is a problem. This is a common thing with pennine and this isn’t the first time. I have privately tried to resolve this issue before and I’ve never had a reply. I just came off the phone crying as I feel so abused with the way I was spoken to. I really didn’t want to write this but I have tried to contact pennine privately and I never received a reply. If I spoke to the receptionist the way she spoke to me, I’m sure I wouldn’t be allowed at the practice. I’m so upset with how I’ve been spoken to today and I must say it is the most anxious and stressful thing to do, is call up for an appointment.

Author: Dee Atrish
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
THis is the worst Surgery ever, they ask you to call at 8 am and I always start by calling them 30seconds before 8am so that I can speak to someone and they always start with 15 in waiting which is impossible.

Author: Fernando V
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Well, this surgery has unfortunately degraded in last few years since the doctors Mc Colum, Rudge, Frosh, etc. retired. Life has changed, nowadays is hard to be seen by a doctor, they seem to be on holiday and don't seem to care much. Charles Darwin quoted: Survival by Natural selection, the fittest survives.

Author: maarif zen
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you GP
