Practice: THE PHOENIX PRACTICE
Canonical code: E83653
Postcode: NW4 4AE
Google Maps title: The Phoenix Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 119
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Phoenix+Practice/@51.5875778,-0.2247001,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487610c56f257093:0xb5b286d19de24d8d!4m8!3m7!1s0x487610c5497b158d:0xcfa96f94e6c2dc7d!8m2!3d51.5875745!4d-0.2221198!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h0_k0v7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E83653-the-phoenix-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tam Tarasidou
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
I just want to say that if you can, AVOID Dr Obegali Samuel Ukel all all cost, especially if you’re having gynaecological issues. I was booked with her in September last year for unbearable period cramps that I had never experienced before in the last 20+ years that I menstruate. I told her that this has been happening for 3 months and the pain is so bad that I throw up nearly every time and almost pass out; that I (still) take so much ibuprofen that I can probably get medication poisoning but I get so numb from the pain that if I don’t, I feel I’ll die. Anyway, having explained the above to her, I asked for an US scan to see what’s going as I’ve got a history of cysts - which I saw that she did not document in her consultation notes. She plain refused to refer me and told me she’s seen no grounds for referral and I can’t get an US scan when this is just the first time it’s happened. I reiterated that’s it was my 3rd period with so much pain but I was told that since this was the first time I’d seen a GP for this reason, she could only prescribe strong painkillers to cope with the pain. This is not what I asked for (I never even collected the meds from the pharmacy) and I told her that I didn’t want to just mask the symptoms and wanted to see what’s going on as this is not normal for me. She sent me home still feeling debilitated from the pain that hadn’t fully passed - it’s worth noting that I was so pale from what had been through since that morning that I got scared when saw myself in the mirror when I got home. Not sure how she felt no concern - even as a fellow human. Thank goodness for Dr Priyanka and Dr Musrat who have been incredibly understanding and never refusing investigations. Dr Priyanka insisted that I see a gynaecologist when the US scan showed no tangible abnormalities and when I finally saw a gynaecologist he told me that I have a fibroid that’s pressing on my womb and is causing contraction-like pain, which would explain my symptoms. I’m now scheduled for further tests before a surgery can be scheduled. All admin staff are also incredibly helpful, which is the reason I’m leaving a 3* review rather than 1 - which this particular Dr absolutely deserves.

Author: Holly Sophie
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist are so rude I’ve been a t this doctors my whole life, Michelle is the only receptionist who actually treats anybody with care and respect!. All the rest act like it’s not their job and they don’t get paid for it.

Author: Luis Carlos Soto Hernandez
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
the doctors are terrible at providing their service like Dr. Priyanka, my mom goes frequently and the only one who does her job well, Dr. Gaby Stein and the reception staff are very friendly.

Author: Vlasta S
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Delaying an oncology refferal after receiving all the information with the report

Author: Asreen Ahmed
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is no appointment whatsoever any time. They give appointments for Dr Azim and partner.There is no coordination between them leading to the prescription being missing most of the time.Having a hard time procuring my medicine from them.

Author: K S
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good service

Author: tamara S
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you require any tests done, just go to a&e. I have waited two weeks for results of a spinal x-ray, still have heard nothing and this pushes back physio referral. I have been off work due to this. I wish I had just gone to a&e and waited. The same with blood tests. If you don't want to wait weeks on end for results just go to a&e. I wanted to be a good citizen and not clog it up for serious emergencies but at the end of the day if they can't get results back within a safe timescale then you are better off putting your health first. I have also had mixed messages from secretaries regarding this who are helpful and lovely. I think their hands are also tied by the wait lists. But it's barely worth going to the GP anymore for anything. The DRs also are very very reluctant to refer to specialists too. They also seem to have no contact with central middlesex and northwick Park specialists. Notes are kept on a different system that your GP can't see. So referral and follow up requests from consultants etc are not seen.

Author: --
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice does not adhere to government guidelines - patients should ‘be able to request appointments, ask questions and describe symptoms online throughout the day rather than calling their surgery or visiting in person’ (gov.uk) but Patches is almost permanently closed, certainly not open in afternoons, and receptionists still tell you you have to call first thing in the morning for an appointment. Was told this today. Receptionist really really unpleasant (bit if a god complex).

Author: Roberto Agredo
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I am going to be honest and I will give you one advice. I believe Phoenix practice is one the best practices I have ever been most of the Doctors are very professional and nice people especially Doctor Simone koll until now everything is Perfect. Now I will give the advice. Never for any reason accept an appointment with Dr Musrat Khan first that lady never listen she doesn’t even look or hear what are you saying just always looking at the computer. This happened to me twice I don’t know why I didn’t ask who Dr was the appointment with. like this I wouldn’t had waist my time. Look what happened. I had a terrible vertigo attack the day before I told her that happened like one years ago as well, last week I have all my blood test done and all of them are fine yesterday when this happened I have to leave work so I need something that can help me, like Dramamine I asked like 3 three times I really need it. Do you know what she told me. I’m not going to give you anything for that what you have to do is put down your weight as you are really overweight. Besides you don’t need prescription for that. You can buy them at the pharmacy. And in my mind I said, listen lady. I m 100 kilograms because I’m bodybuilder I go to the gym everyday I don’t have any fat in my stomach or any where else I have a very strong body. someone here hasn’t seem herself in the mirror. Anyway I straight away went to the pharmacy and they told me all Doctors know that medication is discontinued 20 years ago the Doctor in the practice should have give you something instead. I said not she didn’t she didn’t want to. So I waisted my time there again. As I said never for any reason get an appointment the Dr MUSRAT KHAN.

Author: Ayoade Blessing Ige
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ayoade Blessing Ige5 months ago
