Practice: WALM LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: E84086
Postcode: NW2 4RT
Google Maps title: Walm Lane Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Walm+Lane+Surgery/@51.5499769,-0.2223046,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876105bb97b1b95:0x87341142346ba9cc!8m2!3d51.5499736!4d-0.2197243!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf4dj2b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84086-walm-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Xh Ia
Date: 3 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m leaving this review based on my personal experience. I felt that the level of care I received was unacceptable. I was misdiagnosed regarding a mental health issue, which has had a serious impact on me. This experience made me question the qualifications and judgment involved in my care. There also seems to be a pattern of GPs leaving or retiring after providing poor treatment, which raises concerns about consistency and accountability within the practice. Additionally, I had a very negative overall experience with how patients are handled. At times, it felt like doctors were using their position of authority to steer patients toward certain outcomes or services that may not be in the patient’s best interest. This created a sense of mistrust, especially when it appeared linked to financial gain, which can be partially seen through NHS app records. Overall, I would not recommend this surgery based on my experience. Changed my gp to Willesden medical centre

Author: Erik Monei
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible

Author: Mradula Vohra
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have never had any problems with them when I lost lots of weight the GP told that I might have cancer as a result the GP sent me for loads of tests which included blood test luckily it all came back negative. Plus as I have elderly parents they do not go and give there repeat prescription they can do it over the phone they sent up for there patients who are over the age of 60 which is now changed they have to go to the surgery. I got an appointment on the day and when I spoke to the Gp they told me to come in to treat me. This was during the first lockdown. I recently went to the surgery when I went to see the doctor she refused to refer me to physio as they had one at the surgery. Plus she did not seem to have the time to talk to me about my sleeping issues. As a result I left with out anything. Even though Dr mirza said that she said that she would be able to refer me for physio. Dr ridicko did not have the allocated time to see me as she was running late so I only got only 5 minutes with her. They are so sympathetic especially if you mental health issues they send emails directly to the mental health team.

Author: Premji Vekaria
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Premji Vekaria2 months ago

Author: uğur soyluçiçek
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
uğur soyluçiçek5 reviews · 1 photo3 months ago

Author: siham omer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Today, I visited the clinic of my general practitioner, and unfortunately, my experience was very disappointing. The treatment I received from the doctor was very poor and did not meet the basic standards of patient care. The doctor did not communicate kindly or respectfully and did not listen carefully to my concerns. As a patient, I expected to be treated with understanding, patience, and humanity. However, I felt rushed and ignored, and my physical and psychological concerns were not clearly explained or properly addressed. A general practitioner should take time to listen to patients, clarify any medical concerns, and provide reassurance in a calm and compassionate manner. Sadly, this did not happen during my visit. The doctor’s attitude made me feel uncomfortable and distressed, rather than supported. Healthcare professionals have a responsibility to treat every patient with kindness, respect, and dignity. Patients may already feel anxious or unwell, and they deserve empathy and clear communication at all times. I strongly believe that this doctor needs to improve her approach and treat all patients in a more humane and professional way. I hope this feedback is taken seriously so that future patients receive the care, respect, and understanding they deserve.

Author: Luciano Ghezzi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
THE BEST SURGERY WITH THE BEST SERVICE, ESPECIALLY FROM THE INDIAN YOUNG LADY WITH GLASSES IN THE RECEPTION . . .

Author: Richard Geldart
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's my local GP surgery. Almost easy to get an appointment, instantly in emergency, usually same day otherwise.

Author: Elizabeth Murphy
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I was seen by Walm lane surgery. I received excellent care.from the Doctor. The reception staff were also friendly and helpful. Thank you all

Author: Jawed Bahadurshah
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
One of the best Surgeries in London! I have been with Walm Lane Surgery for the past 23 years. I, my wife, my children and my dad are extremely privileged to be registered with Walm Lane Surgery. The doctors and staff are extremely polite, helpful and professional. • I would like to start with Dr Mirza; Dr Mirza is immensely experienced, has superb work ethics coupled with great skill-sets as a modern-day GP. She is very thorough, comforts and sets the conditions for patients to say what the matter is with them, she listens prudently and does what is needed. The most important issue is that, “SHE DOES NOT RUSH.” Takes her time and always takes the right course of actions for the patients. • Dr Redrado is a very experienced, knowledgeable, caring and kind GP. She is so caring that even she called me a couple of days later after seeing my 2 years old daughter to find out how she is doing. It is very rare to see doctors with this level of duty of care towards their patients. • I and my family have been seeing Dr Hawa in the past 2 years. Such a superb, kind, polite, courteous, calm, cool professional doctor who is always well connected with his patients. In the past year, I have had to visit Walm Lane Surgery almost every week because of my 82 years old father health issues. I have hardly come across this kind of doctors. Dr Hawa has profound empathy and is very detailed, attentive, helpful, caring and has a distinctive positive character unlike other doctors. • Reception staff are very nice, helpful, calm and have great customer service expertise. They deal with a huge influx of ill and stressed patients day in day out, however, still very polite and respectful. Ms Yamuna at the reception is as very helpful, polite and patient-centred receptionist and she is always very reassuring. • Appointment availability is good, staff helpful, doctors effective and expert. Very content with Walm Lane Surgery. I wish all the doctors and staff the very best of luck in their professional career and personal lives. I am delighted to be with this surgery.
