Practice: THE STANMORE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E84057
Postcode: HA7 1HS
Google Maps title: The Stanmore Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.6
Google review count: 226
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Stanmore+Medical+Centre/@51.6014825,-0.3069743,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876140b023c7cbb:0xbf40f0103e50c6fa!8m2!3d51.6014792!4d-0.304394!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg863zy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84057-the-stanmore-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sumita Kerai
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
When you can eventually get an appointment doctors are good. Whenever I try to book it’s always offline! Hopeless avoid this surgery, they take ages to sort out things

Author: sue house
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
A complete shambles, this isn't Anazon online, it's a Doctors surgery, when people come through the door here, they're NOT a nuisance, it's a a cry for help, nought out of 10, Medical Ombudsman has a file and a case is being prepared, unhappy patients of the borough unite!!

Author: Grounded Enlightenment
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient at this practice for all of my life, and I have never felt so disappointed in a GP surgery. Over time the experience here has declined to the point where it no longer feels like a place where patients are listened to or properly supported. The lack of care, lack of understanding, lack of communication, long wait times, and the way patients are sometimes treated during appointments have all been deeply discouraging. For a place that should feel safe and supportive when people are unwell or seeking help, the current experience often feels quite the opposite. Every aspect of this surgery needs serious improvement. I sincerely hope that the management and owners of the practice take the time to reflect on the current state of the service being provided and consider the experience of the patients who rely on it.

Author: Michelle Jima
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting medical center with the most miserable women i’ve ever encountered working the reception. Who’s job is not to help, but to spread their misery.

Author: Twizard Twerlin
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Good luck getting an appointment here, the reception don't care and nor do the doctors - terrible. The doctors need to ask themselves why they chose to be in general practice if they don't have any people skills or empathy, we all appreciate you see patients all day long but we all have jobs doing a variety of things all day long and we all have choices. UPDATE: Still cannot get an appointment here, the lines engaged constantly and if you go to see the receptionists, you will get attitude regardless of how polite you are. When I was last here trying to battle for an appointment - there was a person registering as a new patient! the poor guy.

Author: Rashmi Sejpal
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rashmi Sejpala month ago

Author: Panna Sachdev
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today on 27th January contacted Stanmore Medical Center -William Drive Was attended by receptionist Julie/Kiran Both of them were simply brilliant/helpful and managed to resolve my issue. Thanking you both

Author: Mark
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is so badly run. If you e-mail - They will tell you to phone to arrange an appointment (which is no use if your dad has hearing problems). If you phone they never answer - after ringing over fifty times. If you talk to the receptionists they are condescending. I had to go in person to get an appointment. It was only when I caused a scene and refused to leave did they agree to phone consultation with my dying father the next day. It shouldn't be like this. Since then I've moved my dad to a different GP who are great.

Author: Nisha Gohil
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service today at the surgery. I was given a non urgent appointment for 440pm and the clinic was running late. At 540pm, I was advised there were two other patients in front of me and therefore another wait. I walked out of the surgery without being seen. Given its holiday season and I was specific that the appt was non urgent, the team should not have given me a same day appt if they were short staffed and running late. Instead of then helping me rebook the appt I was advised that I need to redo this through their appt system! Whilst I understand that would be ok if there was an error from the patients end but this was the surgery’s delay therefore they should be more accommodating! Really need to improve their service! It’s ridiculous to have such a bad service!

Author: Tifé A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
1. Awful, hostile and cruel receptionists (William Drive especially) who have clearly not achieved anything worthwhile in their lives so instead they take joy in bullying patients and blocking them from access to doctors. Incredibly unprofessional and inappropriate for them to work within a healthcare environment. 2. Doctors here will refuse to communicate decisions about your own care to you when they make them and why they make them. You are left to chase, only to be met with the receptionists who are obstructive, and the cycle repeats. Avoid this surgery at all costs - the treatment I’ve received from the receptionists over my ongoing mental health issue and the incompetence of the doctors has genuinely made me suicidal - constantly being demeaned even though I am just a patient looking to be access medication. This surgery has made my life a living hell at every turn. This practice is extremely disappointing and they should be ashamed of how they treat patients who are vulnerable and looking for help. This has been my GP for over 20 years but in the last 5 years or so the service has been appalling.
