Practice: STAVERTON SURGERY
Canonical code: E84080
Postcode: NW2 5HA
Google Maps title: Staverton Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 117
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Staverton+Surgery/@51.544438,-0.2284713,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876104f9fefad5d:0xdcf5166180f73aa6!8m2!3d51.5444347!4d-0.225891!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hcb1d581?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84080-staverton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Colour Alive
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr call appointment take 2 3 week then dr called me just 1 ring , I want to ask my test result just but 1 month ago they give just appointments

Author: David Adams
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This Surgery is the worst in London, I would not recommend this place at all.

Author: Alfie Utting
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dreadful surgery, constantly play down your concerns and foist medical opinions on vulnerable people. Do not recommend.

Author: Ali Jinouri
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most of the doctors in this clinic disrespect the patient, speak to him condescendingly, and act as if they are doing him a favor. The same is true for some of the receptionists.

Author: Makeba Cyrus
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Makeba CyrusLocal Guide · 35 reviews4 months ago

Author: The Feline Squad
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yesterday I rang the surgery as I ran out of Oestrogen gel and started to have dramatic symptoms. The receptionist was friendly and helpful and arranged for the duty nurse to ring. Joy Samuel rang within the hour and was very supportive and helpful! Within another hour I had my gel. I felt much better within hours, I cannot thank the surgery enough, fab service!

Author: de canney
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had the bad luck of dealing with this GPsurgery , through no choice as my dad had this gp surgery attached to the care home he was in , he got moved out of area n had to sign him to this one awful gp and surgery, believe the bad reviews! he went from possibly the best surgery he was in for 30 years to probably the worst surgery in uk . the time he was under them every time i had to call the phone not answerd if it was by rude reception staff who couldn’t answer basic queries huffing n puffing and then talking over and moaning n sighing i was told make a appointment well that was a different matter rung in morning then 18 people in front at 8 am constantly ringing each morning to get through for a week !! Couldnt get through had to do online drs appoint to actually talk to a dr !! Took a month just to get urine results ! very poor substandard care god help you if you need medical help asap or a urgent letter I would not touch this place with a barge pole its a joke ! miscommunication , not good think there winging in there not a idea of what they are doing , havent a clue .

Author: sten cummins
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
this doctor sent my father home with a fly blown infection, pneumonia and sepsis. NHS director sent an ambulance he was hospitalised for a fortnight. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE fly blown means there were maggots in the infected area. The wound reeked of decay. THIS DOCTOR COULD KILL YOU

Author: The Angeni
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been coming to this GP my whole life. Nothing has never gone wrong! I would like to share my heartfelt appreciation for Nurse Joy Samuel at Staverton Surgery. Joy is truly a credit to the practice and an exceptional example of what a dedicated, understanding nurse should be. From the very first appointment, she put me at ease with her kindness, genuine empathy, and remarkable patience. She listens without rushing, explains things clearly, and makes you feel genuinely cared for , something that is rare and invaluable in healthcare today. Her professionalism and compassion shine through in every consultation, and it’s clear she goes above and beyond for her patients. Staverton Surgery is fortunate to have her, and I feel grateful to have been treated by such a thoughtful, supportive prescribing nurse. Thank you, Joy, for all that you do, you make a real difference.

Author: Nicole Becker
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely love this surgery. Dr June and Dr Joy are amazing. Service is fast and effective. I am so happy.
