Practice: GLADSTONE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E84036
Postcode: NW2 6JH
Google Maps title: Gladstone Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 143
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Gladstone+Medical+Centre/@51.5580753,-0.2501313,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876110872ca832b:0x1480cb02ff1bc96e!8m2!3d51.558072!4d-0.247551!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzszglj7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84036-gladstone-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Md uddin
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception lady was very rude . I have made an appointment through nhs app. I turned up for my appointment to find out my appointment is with a dietitian and not with a GP. I had no idea my appointment wasn’t with a GP. I had taken an unpaid day off work. They have a new rule where you have to fill a form in on the website to make a GP appointment. Overall the receptionist was very condescending and rude.

Author: AHMED ALRHAL
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best team, especially Frances. Shevhas been so wonderful and very helpful with a lovely smile

Author: Alana Da Silva
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No manners or consideration for the sick people

Author: Tony Topping
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My daughter had me sign up to this surgery and the care she has always expressed about the doctors is the same care I have got. My old surgery never done any investigation or follow ups. Theses doctors don’t miss a thing.

Author: ABiraq1 ABiraq1
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tania helped me so much throughout a lot of things and she’s the best person I’ve ever met in my entire life I just wanted to say thank you for your service definitely recommended

Author: Wing Chun
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The receptionist was really polite and understood that the process to get appointments is a very frustrating one. I avoid going to the doctor, but really needed to go. The process reminded me why I dont bother anymore, which means a lot of people putting their health at risk. Just recently went again after several years. Have to say the doctor's attitude towards me was pretty disappointing too. I explained that I'd had an epidural a long time ago but had experienced worsening side effects such as pain down my legs. Her response was to look at me with a blank expression and ask, 'What do you want?' As I was leaving, I asked if reception would have a record of my daughter's wrist injury as she'd been to a walk in clinic with her dad and I didn't know the outcome of that visit. The doctor impatiently said she didnt have time to discuss my daughter as she had patients waiting. I repeated my query as shed clearly misunderstood what I'd said, and she wrongly said they wouldn't know. I then had to explain how I'd rang in the past a few times and... she cut me off and said, yes they'd know. 'Interesting' experience.

Author: Patricia Saraiva
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Barbera is top 10, came into the surgery on Friday 17th October to change my address on a letter that I needed to submit and no one was able to help apart from Barbera. She saved my life and I was able to submit my letter with no issues. What would I do without her, she’s always there when you need her, customer care on point, she’s just very helpful. Keep up the good work Barbera xxx

Author: Nehmat Kaur
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very nice staff and team. They’re obviously inundated as is the whole NHS system but overall very helpful and serving the community well. I went recently to get my bloods done and the Nurse Ms Dedina also helped with my flu shot and travel shots. Making my life so much easier.

Author: Inga Schueler
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to say thank you to Miss Barbara for such professional and excellent service 👏 My daughter and I have just joined the GP practice and Miss Barbara helped us all the way true it .We need more people like Miss Barbara who are kind,understanding and patient in our GP practices. Once again thank you. …

Author: Roxana
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worse GP ever, not to mention that most of them are really bad lately but I had an ultrasound scan over 3 weeks ago, the GP was meant to call me and update me on the scan. Three weeks later, no contact from GP. If you call them they shut you off, the receptionist are extremely rude and unprofessional. Honestly at this point I don't know what I pay tax for. I don't get treated, they don't take you seriously, they don't check you properly, it feels like you see a doctor/nurse and they don't put in the effort.
