Practice: THE NORTHWICK SURGERY
Canonical code: E84044
Postcode: HA1 2NU
Google Maps title: Northwick Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 190
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Northwick+Surgery/@51.5826594,-0.3313408,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+NORTHWICK+SURGERY+HA1+2NU!3m8!1s0x4876139e613f1195:0xa427cff2116bd879!8m2!3d51.5826391!4d-0.3287827!9m1!1b1!15sCh1USEUgTk9SVEhXSUNLIFNVUkdFUlkgSEExIDJOVVofIh10aGUgbm9ydGh3aWNrIHN1cmdlcnkgaGExIDJudZIBBmRvY3RvcpoBRENpOURRVWxSUVVOdlpFTm9kSGxqUmpsdlQya3dlV0pzUW5sVWEyeERZVEJXUjFadGRIRmlNMGsxVkdzeFpsUXlZeEFC4AEA-gEECGIQKQ!16s%2Fg%2F1tdjqmnk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84044-the-northwick-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nelson Dias
Date: 13 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an excellent experience with the receptionist lady "Lynn" today. I needed urgent help and she was incredibly understanding, efficient, and proactive. Appreciate her help.

Author: Vanessa O
Date: Edited 21 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve seen both Dr Bayraktar and Dr Varghese and can honestly say I would’ve changed surgery if it wasn’t for these two doctors. Always listen to my issues thoroughly and are compassionate. I never use up my 10 minutes of appointment time but I never have to because it’s never a battle to relay whatever issue I have. Just saw Dr Bayraktar today over a sensitive issue and walked away feeling relieved and heard. Thank you! Edited on 20/03/2026: The receptionists here are so abrupt and so rude. I’ve worked as a GP receptionist for over 10 years and would never dream of being so condescending, abrupt and just plain rude to patients. It’s been the only issue I’ve had since being a patient here. Last year a receptionist called me and apologised for the way she spoke down to me after I walked out crying. Whilst this receptionist is now always pleasant, her colleagues are disgusting and it seems to be a running issue. It costs nothing to just speak to people with courtesy. I understand that receptionists can get it bad, I’ve been abused by patients myself. But when someone is speaking to you pleasantly and you respond with rudeness, it doesn’t make sense and hence the MULTIPLE comments about this issue

Author: Keya M
Date: a day ago
Rating: 3 stars
A shockingly rude reception team. No awareness of how to speak to patients. I have been hung up on before finishing what I needed to say twice on the phone, it’s no better in person. Brilliant and professional GPs though.

Author: Dr Tooba
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very kind and cooperative staff including reception team, doctors

Author: Amy Serafin
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible reception staff mainly the woman on the left in the photo I do not know how she has a job

Author: BB
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Northwick Surgery consistently provide caring, reactive and available GP services. I was given a timely appointment with a pharmacist after submitting a PATCHS. Ms Salma Said discussed my recent new medication & my side effects. She was informed and professional throughout, understanding my concerns. She has a kindly, friendly voice, is a good listener. I did not feel rushed. The appointment resulted in a change of my meds, a future test with a review. Thank you Salma.

Author: Sanjay Jayaswal
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
In my recent interactions with Dr Varghese, Dr Zaidi, Dr Bayraktar, nurse Celia Shah, receptionists Lynn and Bhavini - I have found them all extremely helpful, kind and sincere. I wish to thank all at Northwick Surgery for the wonderful work they do.

Author: Aswathy Ajith
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Aswathy Ajith7 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Fafa Miss
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have moved to this GP practice for few years and unfortunately my experience has been quite disappointing. After having a blood test, I was told I needed to wait almost a month for a phone appointment to discuss the results. On the day of the appointment, the phone rang for only a few seconds and then cut off. A short while later, it rang again, again for just a few seconds before stopping. I did not have a realistic chance to answer either call. When I contacted the practice to rebook, I was told I would need to wait another month for a new appointment. This was very frustrating and left me feeling unsupported. I understand that GP practices are under pressure and that delays can happen, but communication and reasonable follow-up are very important, especially when patients are waiting for test results. That said, I would like to sincerely praise the staff member who took my blood tests. She was exceptionally kind, patient, and gentle. I am quite anxious about blood tests, and she spoke to me throughout the procedure, reassured me, and made the experience far less stressful. She is truly a credit to the practice, and honestly the main reason I feel reluctant to leave. I hope the practice can improve its appointment system and patient communication, as good clinical care should be matched with good organisation and follow-up.

Author: Jasmine Chandhock
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this Surgery since 2015 and I would say from my experience that the entire staff In this surgery Is very polite , helpful and Professional. I have mostly been seen by Dr. Varghese on my request and sometimes by Dr.Bayraktar . Dr Varghese & Dr Bayraktar are amazing doctors and Wonderful people. Both Doctors are extremely polite and listen very patiently. I cannot express Enough Gratitude for the outstanding Care that they have provided to me and my family over these years.
