Practice: SUDBURY SURGERY
Canonical code: E84685
Postcode: HA0 3HG
Google Maps title: Sudbury Surgery Dr Omodu & Partner
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 119
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sudbury+Surgery+Dr+Omodu+%26+Partner/@51.5581393,-0.3562164,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sSUDBURY+SURGERY+HA0+3HG!3m8!1s0x487613b2829bfcc1:0x686e6d90e575ef2b!8m2!3d51.5581393!4d-0.3181076!9m1!1b1!15sChdTVURCVVJZIFNVUkdFUlkgSEEwIDNIR1oZIhdzdWRidXJ5IHN1cmdlcnkgaGEwIDNoZ5IBBmRvY3RvcpoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VSYU1YQlRSM1pCUlJBQuABAPoBBAhNECM!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2p6hjj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.25
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84685-sudbury-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: sarhank Kader
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very disappointing experience with this surgery. The service was unprofessional and poorly managed. The reception staff had a very bad attitude and were not welcoming or helpful at all. Their behaviour made the whole experience frustrating and stressful. Unfortunately, there was nothing positive about my visit. kader

Author: Omz 01
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Some of the receptionists here are inept and genuinely do not want to do their jobs

Author: 22mockingbird
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shockingly unhelpful and incompetent receptionists I encountered when going for a blood test. It was a growing battle of the wills as the group of patients waiting to be addressed increasingly grew while one particular receptionist steadfastly ignored everyone and persisted with typing away on her computer. One would think she had drafted up a PhD dissertation by the time she was prepared to turn her attention to acknowledging the patients who had been queuing and trying to get her attention for so long. Alas, upon glancing at her computer screen, we saw it was only a two-line email she was unable to pry away from. This surgery needs to fire their receptionists and hire people more skilled in multitasking...or basic civility.

Author: P V
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If there was an option for zero stars, this would be the occasion to warrant it. Went for a walk in blood test. Reception staff were incredibly poor. They were glued to their computer screens and not once did they bother to look up at or acknowledge the growing line of patients waiting to be served. I acknowledge that they can be busy, but it doesn’t require any effort to tell a waiting customer/patient that “I will attend to you shortly.” These reception staff need training in multi tasking, basic politeness, and communication skills.

Author: Nensi Thummar
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been trying to book an appointment myself and I call every day, but it’s always a struggle. The receptionists’ behaviour is very unhelpful and often quite rude, which makes the whole process even more frustrating. It shouldn’t be this difficult just to get basic support.

Author: Just Danny
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m not a patient at this GP myself, but I regularly take my mum here, so I’ve seen first-hand how badly things are run and how stressful it’s been for her. Honestly, this GP surgery has been nothing but disappointing and unhelpful. Getting an appointment is almost impossible. Even if you call exactly at 8am, you’ll be stuck on hold for 20–30 minutes, and by the time someone answers, all the appointments are already gone. The only chance to be seen is to physically go to the surgery at 8am and hope you’re one of the first few people in line. It’s incredibly unfair, especially for elderly or unwell patients who can’t stand outside waiting. The reception staff are often rude, dismissive, and seem completely uninterested in helping. They give out mixed or incorrect information and act as though patients are inconveniencing them just by asking for an appointment. It’s unprofessional and extremely frustrating to deal with. Most of the time, appointments are over the phone, and face-to-face visits are rare. For phone consultations, they’ll tell you the doctor could call anytime between 8am and 6pm, meaning my mum has to sit at home all day waiting, unable to go anywhere in case she misses the call. When she finally gets a face-to-face appointment, she’s told she only has 10 minutes and can talk about one issue only — even though she’s dealing with several ongoing health problems. The overall care is poor. Many of the doctors seem distracted, rushed, and uninterested in actually helping. Even their main, so-called “top” doctors are like this — anyone who goes to this GP regularly will know exactly who I mean. Some clearly rely on Google instead of using their own medical knowledge. I’ve even witnessed one of them chatting about unrelated things during an appointment, which shows how unprofessional and disorganised the place has become. One experience that really stood out was when my mum needed a walking stick for her ankle and back pain. The GP referred her to physiotherapy, who confirmed she needed one but said only the GP could provide it. When we went back, the GP said the opposite — that only physio could give it. We were sent back and forth four times. It was only when another external team (not connected to the GP) stepped in that my mum finally received the walking stick — with no problems at all. To make things worse, I was once contacted by the head or manager of the GP, and instead of offering support or understanding, she told me, “We have 700 patients — we can’t look after all of them.” She spoke as if she wasn’t being paid to do her job, like helping patients was some kind of favour. Whether it’s 700 or 800 patients, that’s literally her responsibility. Hearing that from someone in charge was shocking and really showed how careless the leadership is. This surgery has caused my mum more stress than relief. They don’t take patients’ health seriously, they pass people around, and they fail to communicate properly. Watching my mum struggle to get even basic support has been heartbreaking. My advice: if you or a loved one have ongoing health issues, please think carefully before coming here. Try to move to another GP practice or go private if possible. This surgery desperately needs better management, proper training for staff, and doctors who genuinely care about their patients. Until serious changes are made, I wouldn’t recommend it to anyone.

Author: Glowsifu
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
terrible

Author: Raani
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
very bad services not helpful at all, they don’t care for my child as I wanted some help and very rude . Will change doctor soon , hopeless

Author: Skunkadelic
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I was accused of visiting every drug service in my borough, when I have only ever visited one: New Beginnings. Now, the doctors are _usually_ ok, I went there and I saw my REGISTERED GP and I needed an emergency supply of medication, if not an outright prescription as I was in diazepam withdrawal and I had been referred to them as my clinic had a change of policy. Dr John Akumabor really could not have been more condescending. He said: "Would I just give anyone I didn't know diazepam?", well, considering he's a GP, mine at that, I am not just anyone!. Also, disregarding this appointment, the doctors are usually OK and I am going to follow that up but as for reception: you literally can't get worse. They are _definitely_ making their own reviews up.

Author: Kaytedixon Dixon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is below any standards I have ever come across and left them over 10 years ago for the same reason's on these reviews my son is with them still and they are diabolical The Doc have hung the phone up complaint was made to manager. They have not made any referals in 4 months I have had to navigate direct and pay privately 3 times to the Clementine to get anything done to date. They did have the referals as I went in person today a complaint has been made to CQC with a ref number a further complaint will be made to the surgery this surgery is not fit for purpose phone calls for medication were made they said twice they got no letters from UCLH today the reception said they received it Nov 2024 with medication on.they should be refunding 3X £160 pounds where we had to go private to get this .Reception this morning was very calm and polite but hey it shouldnot take a face to face with me showing them letters I have to match there letters of NEGLECT Lets see if they deliver today the referals 4 months later with a proven copy to my son as they said they could. CQC has stated if the GP doesnt want to prescribe specialized meds they SHOULD be referring it back to the specialist they didn't even do that This has now gone on there inspection and guidelines from CQC to follow through the NEGLECT this incompetent Doctors who run this surgery The Doc who owns the pratice hung up on my son again hour later as my son swore at him saying you had the referal and the ned request Doc responded im old enough to be your father ny son how unprofessional was the Doc to not apoligize for the Neglect in his surgery he used his own issues and behaviour to respond. I drove back to the surgery to speak to the MANAGER. Its unacetable from this Doc to Neglect his patience and be able to practice and not understand he deals with the public who is calling for his medication and the response is they dont have it on there system when CLEARLY they did for the last 4 months where £480 pounds has been spent over the last 3 months to get a private script.. shame on you your not professional you have no empathy professional people skills another bad review shame on YOU Doc Omiguo
