Practice: HEADSTONE ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: E84680
Postcode: HA1 1PG
Google Maps title: Headstone Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 94
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Headstone+Road+Surgery/@51.5837703,-0.3435292,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761371ec6171d7:0x13839312d8178364!8m2!3d51.583767!4d-0.3409489!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td47g29?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E84680-headstone-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: R G
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
In the few times I've managed to get through to the Doctor he's been moderately helpful. I know the care for mental health in the UK is pretty awful so I'll keep that in mind in the review. But the main issue is just trying to get in touch. Giving working people a 4-6 hour window in which they may call, and then having to go through a receptionist who clearly hates patients and sounds pained to have to listen to an explanation of why we can't be sat on our phones for half a day waiting. Mental health care to be fair was not too bad, but is just generally limited in what the NHS can do at the moment. But i've had other ongoing issues that have been going on for 8 months and at this stage i'd rather just wait and see if it goes away then have to speak to the receptionist ever again. Edit* There was a new receptionist who was lovely and there was only a <2 minute wait on the phone to get through. For that alone I'll bump it up to 3 stars Final edit* Honestly glad that I've been (for the most part) healthy over the last few years, easily the worst overall experience I've had with a GP. I think the only times they've been able to help is when I've had to go through private services first and have them send through the information for the practise to act upon. I really hope this place is an exception rather than the general standard in Harrow.

Author: Malika Rajdali
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Professional doctors and staff. They are very helpful and good listeners. My doctor, Dr Joshi has a great human sense.

Author: Arfa Amyy Rasul (Amyy)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy with this practice at all. I told them I was going to Australia for a year max to do some travelling so needed a few months worth of my prescriptions. They sorted this but then removed me off the patient list! Without my knowledge or request! This has now caused major issues for me in Aus as I have no access to my records on patient access or NHS app. I don't know why you removed me when I was never leaving permanently and I never actually requested to be removed as I come back home in May. Absolutely ridiculous.

Author: Imran H
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Imran HLocal Guide · 16 reviews · 8 photos3 months ago

Author: Naji Saw
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Naji Saw3 months ago

Author: aryana
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The telephone conversation was very rude, ended the call in my face. very disappointed

Author: C
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
C3 reviews4 months ago

Author: C Di
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
4 weeks waiting for a very simple blood test appointment! I have seen many GPs and this is absolutely the most ridiculous one. GP management must be doing something about it, but I highly doubt that.

Author: D Elitez
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling standards, even considering very low bar of London, they stand out as the worst! seriously this gp should be inspected asap. Appointments got lost somehow, it usually takes around 2 weeks to just to speak nurse!! For god sake, this gp is less than useless, it is harming the patients. They cannot even offer a jab in pregnancy, they usually book you after your pregnancy!!! Seriously get a grip! Please avoid this GP at all costs, they put patients health in danger by mismanagement, lack of appointment and gross incompetence

Author: Irina Vinaga
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered with this practice for about 4 years, and unfortunately my experience with one of the receptionists - Laura- has been consistently negative. She is often sarcastic, dismissive, and does not listen properly when I try to explain my situation. What concerns me most is the way I’ve seen her treat people from different nationalities. On one occasion, when I was speaking another language to help someone with limited English register, she told that person to leave and demanded they “speak in English.” This left me with the impression of discriminatory behaviour, and sadly it was not the only time I noticed similar treatment. Patients deserve to be treated with respect and empathy, regardless of background or language. I hope the practice management takes these issues seriously, as the doctors themselves provide good care but the reception experience can be very off-putting.
