Practice: CARLTON SURGERY
Canonical code: E85024
Postcode: TW14 0AX
Google Maps title: Carlton Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 139
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Carlton+Surgery/@51.4542773,-0.4065222,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487673148fb3fc6d:0x2ca25ddd275cc689!8m2!3d51.454274!4d-0.4039419!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hm4ll48?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85024-carlton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Salted
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Salted1 review2 months ago

Author: klleeiigghh
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I find it very strange how as a receptionist you are made to dip urine when that is actually illegal as we are not trained and have to have certain vaccines. A tip going forward : leave it to the doctors.

Author: Rori Ade
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rori Ade3 photos4 months ago

Author: Nicola Fullicks
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never have a problem getting an appointment and the doctors and staff are very efficient.

Author: L P
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
On the occasions I have spoke to the surgery for my aunt, I have always spoke with a very pleasant and helpful man. Always polite and cheery and eager to help. Please tell him thank you

Author: Huma Malik
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best drs specially Dr sarah goodas ,dr gopal,

Author: Bart W
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
very nice service

Author: Renate Hammond
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient for 48 years. I've always been looked after at this doctors. I've been through so much with my mental health, plenty of diagnosis and the service I've received is outstanding. I have no problem getting an appointment. The receptionists are all lovely and caring. I recently visited because my little girl who is Autistic and not happy in school. The doctor listened to me and my little girl and sent a letter to the school and referred her. This has saved me so much stress now. It's lovely to see Jack the receptionist back too.

Author: Rizwana Butt
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very unprofessional, they just waste time. It takes them 3 weeks to just sign an urgent form which they even charge for. Whats the charge for if they take 3 weeks. It just to prove that its hard work. How will they charge the nhs if they dont show it takes so much hard work to just sign a form. Worst surgery ever. Fooling everyone that’s all they doing.

Author: The Bradley's
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice for over 30 years, as have my family. We have now left this practice due to the unprofessionalism of their business manager. This man is the rudest person I have ever dealt with in my life and the doctors make excuses for his behaviour. Misogynistic behaviour doesn’t even cover it! He works at a GP surgery & yet he has zero lack of empathy and doesn’t understand the need for it in his position at a GP practice when speaking with patients. He throws PERSONAL insults and insinuates abhorrent suggestions and spoke to me like I was trash. He left me in tears. From the very outset of a call he was unprofessional, rude, and aggressive. I will admit I unconsciously raised my voice in frustration and pain due to stress, (a lot of which has been caused in the past week due to this practice) but from the first word out of his mouth his tone was blunt, rude and dismissive, as well consciously provoking. This practice failed to inform an elderly member of my family THREE TIMES on THREE SEPARATE OCCASIONS, regarding test results of concern, for nearly 2 months, meaning the medication they were taking could cause further damage that was unnecessary and could be avoided. This was only noticed and communicated to the patient after I had contacted the surgery on a separate issue relating to them! If I hadn’t it would have continued to be missed and they would still be on the wrong dose of medication. I made a complaint about how this was missed and handled, and that they failed in their duty of care to protect an elderly person. They have also been assessed in the past and again in 2024 by their quality care commission and told they lack adequate capability in relaying test results to patients, and that this needs improvement. Seems that fell on deaf ears. When I then chased my own issue up, that they had been dealing with for a week, which had a deadline that they were aware of, for some reason HE called me back, and not the receptionist I spoke with. From the outset of the call he was extremely rude, talking over the top of me repeating himself loudly, therefore not allowing me to speak and explain properly, and his attitude escalated to him throwing personal insulting accusations at me claiming I was using a family members issue for my own personal gain. It was crystal clear due to my complaint the week prior, that when it came to an issue with my own health, the VALID complaint tainted his attitude towards me. The man should not be working somewhere where people are asking for help due to health. If it were my practice I would instantly dismiss him for the way he spoke to a patient. But the Drs don’t care either and blame the patient entirely. Even if the patient is in their opinion aggressive, which in my opinion I wasn’t, as a professional they do NOT have the right to throw PERSONAL insults about the patients character. They have the right to end the call, NOT speak to a patient like dirt and purposely provoke them. This entire fiasco comes after several issues where the surgery has failed in identifying health issues, one of which lead my father to suffer a severe heart attack. I would never recommend this practice ever again. Avoid.
