Practice: HIYOS
Canonical code: E85062
Postcode: TW3 1NL
Google Maps title: HIYOS Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 348
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/HIYOS+Practice/@51.4706578,-0.365558,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760cd8678b7495:0x442f146fb5a585df!8m2!3d51.4706545!4d-0.3629777!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thmkgrz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85062-hiyos.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shaji Kothottu rajan
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I like to thank Dr Kuljeet Sidhu from First care Hiyos Practice who saved my wife life. On 8th October my wife was getting very ill after discharging from West Middlesex Hospital as She had pacemaker implanted. After returning she got very ill and her heart rate shoots up high 180 constantly. When called pacemaker clinic in hospital, they always say. They will investigate and get back to her. But no response at all. In few days situation got worse. We called GP for appointment and we met Dr Kuljeet Sidhu. She immediately diagnosed and find that her situation is about to collapse. So She gave us hospital referral to be admitted immediately in emergencies ward in hospital. Which helps to save her life as after admitting to hospital. We find out that she already had minor heart attack and they took emergency treatment to save her life. Dr Kuljeet Sidhu is a life saver.

Author: Mariusz Jagacki
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I am writing to provide formal feedback regarding my recent appointment with Dr Arim Ismail, which I attended together with my autistic son. Unfortunately, this was one of the worst experiences I have had within the NHS. During the consultation, Dr Ismail appeared dismissive, uninterested and unprofessional in his approach. There was a clear lack of empathy, understanding and willingness to engage with the concerns I raised regarding my child. As a parent of a child with Autism Spectrum Disorder, I expect healthcare professionals to demonstrate at least a basic level of awareness, patience and sensitivity. Instead, the consultation felt rushed and dismissive, and I left with the impression that my concerns were not taken seriously at all. What was particularly concerning was the apparent lack of interest in supporting a child with additional needs. Parents seeking medical advice for vulnerable children should feel supported and listened to, not ignored or treated with indifference. This experience was extremely disappointing and has significantly undermined my confidence in the level of care provided during this appointment.

Author: Jeremy Glowacki
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately, I would not recommend this GP practice based on my experience. The reception staff have come across as unprofessional, discourteous and the level of communication and respect towards patients has been disappointing. A healthcare setting should prioritise professionalism, empathy and respectful interaction. I hope the management team reviews these concerns and takes appropriate steps to improve the overall patient experience.

Author: Blue Nerry
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They need to start taking all day appointments. 2 hour window for appointments it’s unreasonable and stupid.

Author: shahid khan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
shahid khan2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Michael Muiruri
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Michael Muiruri1 reviewa month ago

Author: Malika Taj
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Their service is terrible. Some of the staff are rude and always say, "We can't." If I want to speak to a doctor, they say, "We can't right now." If I need medication, they say, "Not now, call in the morning." Once, I was right there and called, but no one answered. I could see right in front of me, but no one answered. I called several times, but they didn't answer until the allotted time was up, and then I had to wait until the next day. I really don't recommend this clinic, and if I could find another one, I would definitely go.

Author: KsplAsh Allday
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The only people to seem like they have a clue is the receptionists. Everyone else either has a bad attitude problem or just dumb and stupid. I was told on the phone after describing my symptoms and was told to come in for emergency checks. When I attended i had to basically force the “practice” to do the emergency checks. And started throwing his pen around and saying that i dont know what im talking about. I then explained that i spoke to a dr on the phone and they told me that i need to complete this check up, then the practice had a major attitude problem and was being stroppy. Even though they were the ones who said i need medical assistance… the lady with glasses i believe to be the manager and small asian dude the green eyes. I highly recommend not seeing these two individuals as i will not be attending this fake dr practice ever again. Attend at your own risk

Author: Ruwaida
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
i like it.

Author: Yvonne Dias
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently requested my repeat prescription and was thoroughly pleased with HIYOS Practice for sending me a double quota to cover me over the Christmas holidays. I have found all the the staff friendly, helpful and responsive. Great service.
