Practice: HOUNSLOW MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E85015
Postcode: TW3 3ET
Google Maps title: Hounslow Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 105
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hounslow+Medical+Centre/@51.4693718,-0.3798553,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487672d8563db68b:0x54687cd51a4fcc15!8m2!3d51.4693685!4d-0.377275!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fm%2F0108f83m?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85015-hounslow-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jodie Cummings
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since joining this doctors I have had such good treatment with everything they have really helped me get my mental health sorted and others things the staff on the desk are polite helpful i have always managed to get appointments

Author: S
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I requested my medical records in person and by email while I was a patient at HMC. The surgery failed to respond or provide the records, and when I followed up after changing GP, I was told I could not receive them because I am no longer a patient. This ignores the fact that my request was made while I was registered and no explanation was provided. Under UK law, GPs are legally obliged to respond to such requests. I left following my experience with of the Drs (Wickrama-Sekera) who was dismissive and made me extremely uncomfortable at her appointment, causing me to cry on my way home. Then I realised the consultation notes recorded details about me that were not correct. Despite raising a complaint and requesting that I am not booked in with the same Dr again, I was offered an appointment with them and the receptionist was slow and unhelpful when asked for clarification on whether this is the same Dr, with the telephone line going silent for more than a minute without any explanation.

Author: Shaban Matloob
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
In my age, GP visits become slightly frequent & I have always been looked after well during my routine check ups. All the doctors I had appointments with, Dr Nitin Kumar, Dr Asma Jawaid, Dr Ali Miah (Late), Dr Amaan Hussain & Dr Chenali Wickrama have been very kind & helpul. Especially I have known Dr Chenali Wickrama for more than 17/18 years when she was the GP in South Ealing. She is the best addition to Hounslow Medical Centre. Dr Wickrama, besides being a very competent doctor is an amazing person full of empathy & respect.

Author: Prerna Gurung
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Prerna Gurung4 reviews3 months ago

Author: Daniela Ciobanu
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The stupidest statement and the worst clinic, I was 5 minutes late, because I have 3 small children, they have no parking space, and I parked the car until I made the payment and I didn't want them to pick me up because I was late, this is a total picture.

Author: Ciri bhandary
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist aren’t co-operative,sounds very rude,I got very worst experience with them.

Author: Mike “Mrs Vijay Chadha MBE” Chadha
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
HMC , 2nd RECEPTION All the staff top to bottom are fantastic . Enough of the critics . They are human too . Put yourselves in their shoes . If patients come late , how can they rearrange everyone’s appointments . There will be a massive dominoes effect . We are externally especially all the receptionists . They are our first port of call . We should be grateful for their Efficient , polite , courteous and professional service . Keep it up

Author: Maya Jethwa
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot speak highly enough of Jethro! Who is in reception. From the moment you walk into the clinic, Jethro’s warmth, professionalism, and efficiency immediately stand out. He is consistently friendly, approachable, and genuinely caring, making every visit a positive experience.

Author: Ramandeep Kaur
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed with this GP surgery. I informed them I was pregnant and was just told to go online and refer myself — no support, no advice, and not even a basic folic acid prescription. I was shocked by the lack of care. To make it worse, I was told it would take up to 8 weeks to see a midwife. At such an important stage, I felt completely dismissed and unsupported. Not acceptable.

Author: Lisa Clark
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to get appointment is ridiculous, you have to explain full details to receptionist then they send you a link to explain again and pray you are worthy enough for appointment absolutely disgusted with this surgery. When Dr mayor senior was in full charge there was care and consideration for all now just made to feel like your a nuisance. How many people don't bother and end up dieing because cannot see a doctors or go undiagnosed because can't see a doctor and get pushed onto a clinician. They day that depression and anxiety is at an all time high no wonder this has sent my anxiety through the roof just trying to see a doctor. What has happened to humanity. Would not recommend this surgery The last 5 years it's definitely gone done Definitely looking for new surgery Real shame as I've been with this surgery for 30 years. DR Mayor Senior fantastic when he ran the surgery
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
WRONG SURGERY!!!Please can you remove this review. The practice you are talking about is Bath Road Surgery, run by Dr Mayor senior and junior. We are Hounslow medical centre, in the second reception of the building and have absolutely no affiliation with Bath Road Surgery. PLEASE REMOVE THIS REVIEW OR AT LEAST CORRECT IT.
