Practice: THE ACTON HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: E85109
Postcode: W3 8QE
Google Maps title: Acton Health Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Acton+Health+Centre/@51.5062552,-0.2727101,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760e1ad2d4e07f:0x4c4aec5f1e37264c!8m2!3d51.5062519!4d-0.2701298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td04jc1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85109-the-acton-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lingyi Wang
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was quite nervous before registering here because of the Google rating. Before Acton Health Centre, I had already been refused by three other GP surgeries simply because I was staying in a hotel. The reception and admin team here were kind, professional and very efficient. They helped me register quickly and I was also able to get a GP appointment soon afterwards. I’m very grateful to the staff who helped me. My experience was much better than I expected. Online ratings do not always tell the full story, so it is worth trying for yourself.

Author: M Kall
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
RUBBISH!!! This surgery use to offer good service now it’s really bad. Receptionists are very rude doesn’t want to answer questions and refuse to give appointments. Every time I visit the dr advice to go to A&E and doesn’t want to give advise what so ever. When you have telephone concentration he same dr which all the time ask me what I think it is and tells me to take paracetamol.

Author: Kirstyn Davenport
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors are very good however the receptionist staff are very rude and do not speak to you with dignity or understanding they they are dealing with people who have health conditions. I am specifically writing a complaint about a what seems to be new receptionist Rosemary Ward who was extremely dismissive on the phone when I called to ask about if I can get a new prescription saying “we only accept these requests by email so you can’t phone for this” to which I said “yes I did send an email a few days ago and also an online e request and haven’t heard anything back ” - she immediately goes “well it was prescribed yesterday.” I said ok thank you but I wasn’t made aware of that (how could I have known this? Why was I made to feel like a burden when this is her job to explain and be kind to patients?). She tried to hang up and I said sorry sorry I have another question please. Long story short: I called a few weeks ago asking for a medical letter of mine from a month ago and a nice receptionist (I think she is the younger lady I recognise her voice) said unfortunately they don’t have this letter but would be happy to give it to me if they send it across to them and made a suggestion that I call them to request this. I did this and left it a week before my call today, when I asked rosemary if I could have it she actually said to me “well why can’t you call them and ask them for it” ! Can you believe that?! In my head I’m thinking because you are my GP practice… I explained what happened and how I was told I could get it if I got it sent to them and she said “well we don’t give it out you have to come in in person to collect it” I said ok well please can you print it and I’ll be there in 20 minutes. She said no you have to come in first then we print it because people don’t show up, I said I understand that but I live across the road and can be there in 5 minutes, she said well when you get here one of the girls will print it out. I went across in 2 minutes and she said “you’re not Kristen are you” with an ungodly look on her face ( HOW RUDE!) I said yes, “Kirstyn” she said well iv just spoken to the doctor who said they havent seen the letter yet so I can’t give it to you. I said ok but I was called by a doctor in response to this letter which is how I began this medication in the first place. She refused to look into this and said well I can’t give it to you as they haven’t seen it. I said so your refusing to give me my medical documentation? A doctor has already called me about this. She said yes not until a doctors seen it I can book u an appointment for the 23rd. This is now over a month since my appointment that I can’t access my medical letter. I’m extremely shocked and applauded by this woman’s treatment to patients. Dismissive and downright rude. She shouldn’t be working in a patient facing role.

Author: Steve C
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice people caring and friendly

Author: Sai B
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
your life depends on whether or not the receptionists believe you need the appointment or not .Before even speaking to you once your call is finally answered at the top of the queue all depends on if you will be instantly put on hold or not. they litterally pick up the phone then put you on hold before even asking if its okay or not even if they do ask they dont care and will rush to put you on hold. once you explain to them the problem in great detail they tell you there not medically trained and you need to speak to a doctor well nah you dont say. they ask in such a way that they are litterally the guardians of the appointments and if you are not deemed worthy enough then just forget trying to get a appointment. when doctor N.Issac was there the quality of care was so much better now you dont know who you will see and if your young and disabled good luck getting any help they wont take you seriously until your older and way more damaged then before to even take a glance at you. i know that not all conditions can be prevented but conditions should be managed with care not just stick your head in the sand and hope they stop coming to the doctors with the same issue or eventually it will get to a point where the last option is to go A&E just for the staff there to keep wondering and asking why none of this was documented by your doctor. ive been going to this doctors for over 20 years now and its now feeling like staying in unhealthy commitment.

Author: D1
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst surgery! You can never find an appointment in here. the staffs really don't care I wonder if these guys are actually registered with the same GP! They never have appointments I've been waiting for an appointment since may they keep saying call at 3. 3 o clock you call they say fully booked!

Author: Badia Guerouaz
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to Mr Mohammad we didn’t feel any pain all thanks to him and he was a very well respected man thank you!!!

Author: Santiago Barja
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The staff do try to help, but this place is terribly managed. It’s incredibly difficult to get an appointment, and when you do, it often feels rushed or unhelpful. It’s frustrating because I don’t think the doctors are to blame — the whole system seems broken. I wish I had switched GPs earlier. Not recommended unless things seriously improve

Author: Fouad Beainy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had the pleasure of visiting Mr. Siddique today for my appointment. His expertise and skill are remarkable—he was able to locate the vein on the first attempt, something I typically find challenging. His professionalism and proficiency are truly impressive.

Author: Hassan Nabizada
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently received treatment under the care of Nurse Muhammad Siddique, and I am extremely grateful for the exceptional service provided. Mr. Siddique was not only professional but also warm and attentive, ensuring I felt comfortable and well-supported throughout my treatment. His expertise and compassionate approach made a significant difference in my experience. I truly appreciate his dedication and care and would highly recommend him to anyone seeking top-quality healthcare.
