Practice: PENTELOW PRACTICE
Canonical code: E85115
Postcode: TW14 9EF
Google Maps title: Pentelow Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Pentelow+Practice/@51.4566389,-0.4190335,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876730ea7d23cd9:0x8469b1d4e5d5369a!8m2!3d51.4566356!4d-0.4164532!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc5dnbtc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85115-pentelow-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marcus Kelly
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paid a visit this morning for a health check. Only waited a short period of time to be seen, appointment was on time. I was un-aware of the required bloodtest, I'm needlephobic and pass out at the thought, the nurse was spot on....she tried to put me at ease the best she could and it was done almost pain-free and efficiently and I was pretty much o.k which is a first for me....so a Big Well Done to the nurse. Just need to wait on results now.

Author: Sweta Rani
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Can’t believe my 2 month old had her vaccination which is of 8 weeks , the nurse looks so unprofessional that she put in the vaccine in my newborn’s thigh very hardly , may she was panic or doesn’t know how to deal with a baby . After vaccination my baby cried a lot because she forcefully pushed the injections in her thighs . That was bit rude and said that my daughter did very well , while she was crying. Worst Gp service I’ve ever had . They need to learn atleast to be gentle with the newborn, along the nurses or doctors who are trainee they don’t have any right to hurt our babies , they need to learn first properly before performing practically . The experience was terrible . Don’t register youreself with this Gp service . Even we’re also new to this area just bcz of little distance I did register and daughter to this service , we’re so much disappointed.

Author: Mh Hassani
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff is very kind and there is a very skilled doctor who listens carefully to you and diagnoses the disease accurately.

Author: Roshan Shrestha
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Roshan ShresthaLocal Guide · 2 reviews · 2 photos3 months ago

Author: Thu Nguyen
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thu Nguyen4 months ago

Author: Catherine “Kitkatbreen” Breen
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a super surgery. The doctors listen to you to understand your situation. Regular appointments and text message to confirm. No doubt there then? Cannot understand the negative reviews on here about this. Very efficient. Thank you all

Author: Hafsaa AO
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Amazing GP, the phlebotomist is friendly and the receptionist are genuinely nice and approachable. Dr Matharu is very attentive and empathetic.

Author: Dean Sanders
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Dean SandersLocal Guide · 15 reviews · 2 photos7 months ago

Author: Myfanwy REES
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been Attending Pentelow Practice for almost forty years whom I hold in high esteem. All Doctors; Clinical physicians and staff Always extremely professional, obliging and sympathetic. An excellent practice that I would highly recommend to anyone.
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind words and for taking the time to leave this thoughtful review. We’re truly grateful for your feedback.

Author: No Redactions
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don’t normally have time or strength to write reviews. However, Dr Matharu is the best GP someone could for. He genuinely cares and is compassionate. He’s been supportive and encouraging in my hour of need. I don’t get angry or annoyed that I have to wait 15-20 minutes because I know he will also give that much time if I need it!
Practice response date: 9 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind words and for taking the time to leave this thoughtful review. We’re truly grateful for your feedback. Dr Matharu is deeply committed to providing compassionate, patient-centred care, and it means a great … More
