Practice: ELMTREES SURGERY
Canonical code: E85112
Postcode: UB6 0PA
Google Maps title: Elm Trees Surgery
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 227
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Elm+Trees+Surgery/@51.5506393,-0.3413447,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487612fbfd6e8fc5:0x717e51415feeefa7!8m2!3d51.550636!4d-0.3387644!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wl4q24p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85112-elmtrees-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A Siva
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a pleasant consultation with Dr Khasria. She is a caring, patient and dedicated doctor. She took her time to listen to me and made me feel at ease.

Author: Lawrence
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lawrence1 review5 days ago New

Author: Chudi D Maduh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a high risk diabetes and blood test with Nurse Lucy Vaswani and she was professional and helpful and put me at ease she is excellent.

Author: I S
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist needs to be fired. Luckily I didn't catch her name but what an extremely rude person. Not only was she extremely unpleasant to speak to, but after speaking to her for a few minutes when hanging up - I said "have a great day and thank you" only to hear the phone smashed with no goodbye no nothing! How does the surgery employ such ugly personalities I have no idea!

Author: Estefania Payá
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist rude. Speaking kindly doesn't cost anything.

Author: Alexandra Antim
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I called this morning at 8:00 AM to make an appointment for my child. When the receptionist answered, I asked for an appointment in the afternoon, but I was told there was only one appointment available for the entire day. I don’t understand why the GP is even open if at 8:00 AM there is only one appointment available, according to the receptionist, Miss Myat Lwin. This is not the first time I’ve called and spoken to the same person, Miss Myat Lwin, who is consistently rude, unhelpful, and shows no flexibility. She responds with an attitude and lacks any sense of professionalism. If you ask to book an appointment in advance, she simply says she doesn’t have the schedule. Please do something about this situation. No one calls for fun to see the doctor, and the way she behaves only frustrates patients even more.

Author: Sangram Singh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called up to take an appointment for my son and the person I spoke with, Ms. Sudha behaved very rudely on the phone mentioning to call at 8:00AM in the morning to avail an appointment. Failing to understand how hard it is to check the appointment through the system and suggest a day and time rather resorting to behaving so rudely on the phone.

Author: Red Riding Hood
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors are 5 star and beyond BUT, it's extremely difficult to get an appointment here in the first place! I have a 2 year old and I can hardly ever get an appointment when I need it. I will be looking to move from this surgery now, again not because of doctors but, because children under 2 should be considered priority. Yet when i call I hardly ever get an appointment. On a couple of occasions I had to pay to see a Private GP which depicts how challenging it is to get an appointment.

Author: Narmin Barre
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I just moved from another gp to this gp and I’m experiencing the worst customer service ever. I have been trying to make an appointment with them for the past 4 days and every day I can’t get no appointment. I’m really sick I don’t know what to do this is so frustrating! Just to add after this review I’m still chasing for a blood test appointment for 3 weeks now every morning when I call it’s fully booked! What are horrible gp

Author: Julia Czykieta
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP I’ve been in for a long time! Everyone’s really nice and it’s very easy to get a repeat prescription and any documentation needed. The wait for appointments is the only negative having to wait a couple weeks for an appointment but that’s now standard everywhere unfortunately. Overall best GP experience I’ve had in a long time! Thank you! :)
