Practice: DORMERS WELLS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E85682
Postcode: UB1 2LU
Google Maps title: Dormers Wells Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 130
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dormers+Wells+Medical+Centre/@51.5154522,-0.3671113,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487612a806741819:0xd02f377dc4122ec8!8m2!3d51.5154489!4d-0.364531!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcy8chj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85682-dormers-wells-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rose
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible experience with staff. Especially Dr Malik who gaslights and ignores many of my and my family’s problems. They don’t take you seriously if you’re not from a specific background or age

Author: E К
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad service , on reception ,

Author: Adam Mohammed Deen
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
RECEPTIONIST VERY RUDE SHE ADVISED TO CALL ANOTHER SURGERY AFTER I ASKED IF ANYONE WOULD BE ABLE TO HELP WITH MY MUMS SKIN ISSUE

Author: Okay Man
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist "Shadya" she's very polite and very good.

Author: Shams Love
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had a very disappointing experience with Dormer Wells Medical Centre. The receptionists are consistently rude and unhelpful, and the overall service is quite poor. It’s frustrating trying to get basic support or appointments when the staff show little patience or professionalism. I really hope they improve their communication and attitude towards patients.

Author: Elsi-K's-RightEye IC3
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So glad I’m no longer a patient here. I have been with this practice for well over a decade. The doctors Dr Quadan, Dr Ibrahim and Dr Algobori used to genuinely care about their patients. They were helpful and listened to their patients. They have since retired. I should have known the surgery would go hugely downhill when the old reception staff were wishing patients good luck with the new regime. These new resident doctors at the surgery just want to rush patients in & out the door. One in particular is condescending, doesn’t listen and has little patience. Now that the experienced doctors have gone, this surgery is a shell of what it used to be. Very sad as my family have been with this practice for almost 15 years. Not anymore A locum here, missed a serious illness in one of my children earlier this year. At a face to face consultation we were told it was simply a sore throat. Days later my child ended up in A&E with a deadly fever, unable to talk, eat or swallow. Turns out it was Strep throat. The medics at hospital were annoyed such an infection was not picked up by the GP and antibiotics should have been prescribed. Again, situations like that, speaks to the lack of experience and care taken in treating patients. Everything is rushed and minimised. An oversight like that would not have occurred with the old doctors that were here. It is not the same surgery, sadly.

Author: Kelly Rose
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this surgery for many years and I am happy to say that I have always received an excellent level of care. Currently, I am under Dr Brar, and I could not ask for more in terms of his ongoing care and compassion. Dr Brar has assisted me with several ongoing issues all of which have been completely resolved. I have found the reception staff to be extremely helpful whenever i have contacted them and they have assisted me with arranging blood tests, booking appointments and assisting me with prescriptions. To be honest, I couldn't really ask any more of them, and I would happily recommend Dr Brar and his team to anyone considering becoming a patient at the practice.

Author: Sikander Paul
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Malik she was so rude she didn't understand anything what patient said I explained all thing about my health conditions she said I can't do anything she said me what I can do for you I didn't expect she saying me like this . Dr neha she is very nice ,kind and polite she always listen and understands the problem but Dr milk she didn't understand anything

Author: Ajay Sheoran
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff are very rude Navneet who is working at reception i took urine sample bottle from her and i ask from her that I can’t come at morning time but i will do that at home because they need morning urine and i said i will submit after my job Navneet said its ok you can come any time from monday to Friday and when i go for submission she said no you can’t submit it now she said that to me very rudely and then they making this funny with her kitty party friends that working in same place Disgusting she is so unprofessional and taking in her mother tongue I join them before one month ago but i need to change my GP again it just because of unprofessional reception staff Worst experience

Author: Fadumo Ahmed
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fadumo Ahmed10 reviews · 2 photos9 months ago
