Practice: THE LILYVILLE SURGERY
Canonical code: E85685
Postcode: SW6 4UL
Google Maps title: Lilyville @ Parsons Green
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 128
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lilyville+@+Parsons+Green/@51.4743036,-0.2025725,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760f9c3dc4c033:0x3b2a52fe71184714!8m2!3d51.4743003!4d-0.1999922!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vc6cwrw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E85685-the-lilyville-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Roberta Heneage
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
For my second appointment with Dr Chan and the really great students Sofia and Nour I was greeted with lovely smiles and a welcome. Both students worked efficiently and I was completely reassured that I had the best treatment. I am sure that they will both go on to make good doctors with knowledge and people skills. Good luck!! Roberta Heneage
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your 5‑star review — we’re really glad to hear you had a positive experience with our team!

Author: Stephane Massa
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Will be yet again changing GPs. Reception are responsive and relatively kind. Nobody called to follow up on test results (that had an out of range indicator) to explain that it was satisfactory from their point of view. 2-3 weeks lead time for appointments. Surface level diagnosis path with reluctance for further investigation.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for sharing your feedback, Stephane. We’re sorry to hear about the delays and lack of follow-up regarding your test results, and we understand how frustrating this must be. If you would like to discuss this further, please contact the practice so a member of the team can look into your concerns.

Author: Margaret G
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Double check your medication: Been a patient for years and have received great treatment when needed. Lately I have had reason to question the prescribers {not the DRs} My latest issue was Friday 30th Jan 26. A simple request turned in to quite a serious matter. Requested a prescription online stating clearly which medication I required. Went to the pharmacy to pick it up. Luckily I checked and double checked the medication, it was incorrect. This lead to the receptionist {very helpful}, the prescriber and pharmacy all becoming involved. it culminated in me sitting in A&E all afternoon to get the correct medication. I fully understand the reason for not giving me what I had requested as apparently it was not in my record from the hospital, the bit I don't understand is why I was prescribed a medication I was already taking. Had I not checked the labels I could have easily been administering double doses of a drug I was supposed to be weaning off from. I would have written in about this matter but I had cause to write in last August re a different issue and I'm still awaiting a satisfactory response. I did receive an explanation quite quickly however it was not what I'd requested, again. Perhaps this review may re open lines of communication. As stated I'm happy with this surgery in general but it seems the fine details are not being observed which is where the problems usually lie.

Author: felicity rowbotham
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Incredible appointment with Dr Chan and two students, Isaac Law and Zaynub Jamil, both very attentive, kind and thorough Thankyou

Author: Brigid Duffy
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist Mira was delightful and so helpful and efficient. Thank you Mira.

Author: M Hai
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just spoke to reception admin the understanding and leadership of the team is great! Im glad to be a patient here. Im in good hands compared to my previous practice, thank you!

Author: Darryl Murphy
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s a nice place and the staff are friendly with one major exception: one particular receptionist is objectively rude and makes you feel very unwelcome. If you end up having to interact with her it’s a very unpleasant experience.

Author: Carla Nicht
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Carla Nicht11 reviews7 months ago

Author: Lynda Minter
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I find the reception staff really unhelpful, uncaring and cold. I went there recently to say that I felt nauseous and I got dismissed by the reception staff saying I have to fill in a form I really don't understand what the receptionist do, when they could of easily fixed me an appointment. Also for several months they kept on farming out my repeat prescriptions to different pharmacies even though I already had assigned a local pharmacist and had gone in several times to the surgery and written about this which caused me a lot of stress. Eventually the practice manager rang me up pointing this out five months later!. I am in the process of looking for another NHS practice . Before Covid you could ring and see a Doctor now its all online as a result its forcing some of us to go private but not everyone can afford to do so.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Dear Patient Thank you for your feedback. I am extremely sorry to hear you have not been entirely satisfied with the service provided at Lilyville @ Parsons Green. We have contacted our IT team to solve the ongoing problem with automatic pharmacy change on your file. This case has been ongoing with them since last few months. We aim to offer all patients a courteous, professional and accessible service with a high standard of clinical care. We take your comments very seriously. Please could you call our Operations Manager on 020 7736 4344 so we can investigate this further? Kind Regards Lilyville @ Parsons Green

Author: Torty Hutton
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Please thank Dr Chan for his excellent help and support today.
