Practice: EASTBURY SURGERY
Canonical code: E86028
Postcode: HA6 3BG
Google Maps title: Eastbury Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Eastbury+Surgery/@51.612019,-0.4264302,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766b75d53d6be3:0xb3de516b0d0d4bb3!8m2!3d51.6120157!4d-0.4238499!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc699dnk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86028-eastbury-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jennifer R
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m writing this out of genuine concern and ongoing frustration. For the past two blood tests, my iron levels have been consistently low — bordering on anemia. Although the results technically fall within the lab’s “normal” range, they are at the very bottom end, and I have been experiencing intense, persistent fatigue that is significantly affecting my daily life. What has been most disappointing is the difficulty in getting this taken seriously. On multiple occasions, reception staff have seemed unwilling to pass messages through to the doctors regarding my worsening symptoms. It feels as though there is a gatekeeping barrier that prevents legitimate concerns from even reaching a clinician. When I have been able to discuss the issue, the response has been that the results are “lab normal,” and therefore not urgent. However, being barely within range while experiencing debilitating fatigue should warrant further investigation or at least a meaningful conversation about next steps. “Normal” on paper does not always mean optimal or symptom-free in real life.

Author: Jon Pettifer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exceptional The team there are polite, efficient and professional. I’ve been with the surgery all my life from when it moved from Maxwell Road, I can’t fault them. I would suggest the low ratings here are a result of those that have a grudge, if you are ill, you are ill, it’s not their fault, they only aim to help and they have diagnosed many of my family and treated everyone with respect and professionalism you would expect. Keep up the great work that you provide a grateful community.

Author: Alisha Kanabar
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
had my blood test with Maria Kalyan! what a wonderful experience. Super sweet and patient :)

Author: Chris Godbeer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been at this surgery for over ten years. Despite the bad press concerning GP Surgery's nationally I have to say that this Surgery in all areas is first class. They are proactive in efficiency and the two partners Dr Cummings and Dr Amanda are so approachable. When you leave the surgery you feel reassured every time. Whatever this Surgery does, it should be bottled and rolled out over the entire NHS.

Author: Jack
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with this drs for years now, I have never had a problem with Dr Amanda she is absolutely amazing and I normally refuse to see anyone else but Dr Amanda. I just got home from an appointment with Dr Sheefa Khan and she was absolutely hopeless. I had a whole list of things I needed to speak about but she does not care. Interrupting me. Mentioned I was borderline diabetic at my last blood test. She didn't even do what Dr Amanda has done and checked my blood sugar there and then. Explained my sleeping problems she palmed me off with hayfever tablets after I said they didn't work (she didn't tell me what she was putting me on at the time she just said I'll send a prescription to boots) I requested diazepam as I tried it for my anxiety and sleeping and muscle pain she said I can't take it with my current medication but couldn't tell me why, I then researched found out that to be rubbish to. I still have lots of issues I need to sort out but I cut this appointment short. She was very unprofessional very scruffy looked like someone just pulled in off the streets! It's a shame because Dr Amanda is an amazing doctor and does actually care so I feel bad for writing this about this practice.

Author: Rishabh Mulani
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
How does a place providing healthcare not provide the most basic needs. No water for patients, they need to go and buy it from shops nearby- as suggested by the receptionist. Seriously? Keeping clean drinking water for visiting patients is such a big hassle? Isn't it as basic as having toilets at the facility? Updated review to 4 stars just because of our wonderful experience with Dr. Amanda. She's amazing, extremely caring and can actually teach other doctors how to be good doctors! Previous experience with Dr. Sheefa Khan- a waste of our (and seemingly her) time. We raised concerns and she kept dismissing them saying "there's nothing really to be done". We wanted her to help us diagnose the root cause and instead she kept asking us about the root cause, what we thought the cause was. Why were we even there?

Author: P Tri
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very slow and receptionist blond older lady very rude and unfriendly I kindly asked how long it would take to be called in for my appointment because it's been 30m over the appointment time she rudely told me to sit down not to mention the care that they give they never care or a actually help very disappointed.

Author: Dee Bois
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dee Bois5 reviewsa year ago

Author: Robert Edmond
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Eastbury Surgery for many years now and have always been impressed at the level of service and care received. We hear how in many instances it is nowadays very difficult to secure a quick appointment, however here at Eastbury Surgery this has not been my experience. If the patient or doctor feels there is something that needs more immediate attention then they always find a way to get you an appointment very quickly. I have seen a variety of different GP’s throughout the years at Eastbury Surgery and all, without exception, have been extremely professional providing an excellent level of care. Dr Collins in particular, who is my usual GP, is the most caring and helpful doctor and has an excellent “ Bedside manner” , always so reassuring, kind and compassionate and supportive who explains everything very clearly. Although NHS GP’s have an extremely heavy workload and are often against the clock, you never ever feel rushed when seeing Dr Collin’s either in person or on a phone consultation. Thank you Eastbury Surgery.

Author: John Glass
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
On 16th February 2025 I received a text message from “NHS vaccine” requesting I contact my surgery for an appointment for the respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccine. I therefore contacted Eastbury Surgery in Northwood Middlesex where I was given an appointment for today 4th March 2025. However, when I went to this appointment, the nurse explained she would not vaccinate me because I was not yet 75 years of age. I explained I would be 75 years old in just 3 days (my birthdate is 7th March 1950) &, under these circumstances, I suggested it be sensible to just vaccinate me on the spot. However, she refused & I now must return next week once I’m 75 years old. It therefore seems Franz Kafka is alive & well. This practice should develop procedures to prevent such silly situations. In such circumstances, surely a degree of discretion would be appropriate?
