Practice: ACRE SURGERY
Canonical code: E86041
Postcode: HA6 1TQ
Google Maps title: Acre Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 84
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Acre+Surgery/@51.6044821,-0.4140851,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766b64905b389b:0xec1a5dae6b179092!8m2!3d51.6044788!4d-0.4115048!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjcnymk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86041-acre-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Pavel Bejera
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP ever if you wanna book an appointment or something they want you to call at certain times getting you to talk to their AI and u solve absolutely nothing worst service ever no customer service no patient care or whatsoever

Author: Bonnie Hayford
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionists/admin are second to none, extremely professional and efficient, though they are extremely busy they are always very polite and helpful. I’m always number 1 in the queue, many other surgeries you can be caller 9+ waiting a hour sometimes in local surgeries . I think the management has done very well in keeping their employees content, who though stressed with the nature of the job, seem far happier than other surgeries. Stacy the practice nurse is one in a million, she’s so thorough with every appointment. Stacy personable manner makes me feel calm and relaxed , I’m treated as an individual not on a conveyer belt of nhs patients. Unable to see the GP’s that know me.

Author: Sarah Gruffydd
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst surgery ever! My father is terminally ill and I have had nothing but battles with this surgery on his behalf. They can’t do anything right and have no compassion. They say “do a repeat prescription request online” (which I did), for them to not read it correctly. After calling the surgery, I was told to do another form?! I refused saying they need to read it properly. After the call, I did try to do the request again (so my father did not run out of his medication) but I couldn’t do it as the online form advises “the capacity limit has been reached”. Please move or never register with this surgery, as even if you’re dying, they don’t care and just make you wait. I will be reporting them further for the lack of care and unprofessional approach.

Author: Jozef jozef
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst service I've ever seen in my 40 years. waiting time, conversation with the reception, doctors, everything:(((((((((( Acre Surgery opens at 8:30 a.m. I called at 8:28 a.m. and was already number eight in line, waiting 21 minutes. When someone finally answered, they asked what they could do for me. I explained that I wanted to make an appointment with the doctor because I was worried I might have throat cancer. I didn't even have time to explain my symptoms because the receptionist told me to call at 1:30 p.m. because they were already full.

Author: Sonam Rahul
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s such a shame that the ladies on the phone are so rude. As a mother with a child who is extremely unwell, the way you are spoken to can completely break you down. The doctors themselves are always so good, but the triage team’s attitude is on another level. I was offered a 3pm appointment, and I politely asked if there was anything available after 3:30pm as I have school pick-up at 3:15 for my other child. The response I received was: “How many times do I have to tell you I don’t want to give you any other time? This is the only option. I have other things to do!” There is absolutely no need to speak to anyone like that. Respect goes both ways, and a little kindness makes a huge difference! especially when parents are already having a tough day.

Author: Kanta M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling - firstly - a pharmacy behaviour was disgraceful- no holistic approach not listening and then forcing me to go on medication. Not followed government recommendations before forcing medication on patients. Secondly- a health care assistant called me today to take cholesterol medication he said Dr Thakha asked him to call me. What a joke a health care assistant who then hung up on me once he said what he wanted to say. This Surgery needs to be reported.

Author: Qamar Abbas
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors have no clue, had my wife on the wrong antibiotics for two weeks

Author: Suzannah Clisby
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have been with Acre surgery for several years and in that time have never been let down. If they cannot provide you with an appointment there they will make one at a satellite surgery for that day.Whilst this can be frustrating I find it better than waiting for weeks to be seen. They always follow up abnormalities shown on my annual blood tests and arrange for any appointments/ tests necessary. All in all very satisfactory.

Author: GIftyAntony iWillEvolvE
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very hard to get an appointment. You stay on the phone for ages to hear that there is no appointment for the morning - try again at 13:30. The minimum wait time to hear this is 35 mins. When consultation is requested you may be referred to nurse practitioner in the building or nearby centres who does not even care to listen but continues to upload the data onto the data system. No empathy or sympathy to the patients. Surgery needs to relook into their approach to patients to provide better care

Author: Vikki Neighbour
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
To attempt to obtain an appt you have to log on at exactly 8am or 1.31pm. Its like fastest finger first!! Takes days to manage to be quick enough to access the online form. It asks when is not a good time to call back so I always put the exact time I wont be able to answer the phone - they always call at the time you say not too. If you cant attend at the exact time they give you, you have to go through the whole process again. On one occassion I was given an appt for 20mins time at the Sth Ruislip/Eastcote branch when Im in Northwood! So impossible for me to drive there, find parking, and attend appt. You cant book appts in advance so if the doctors says come back in 2 weeks its the whole process all over again and who is available each and every day to attempt this process?? One time I attended for a wound dressing on my hand and they had it down as staple removal from head? The nurse even checked my head despite me saying it was for the burn on my hand. My medical record still states staple removal from head. I debated posting this review for some time for fear of reprisal but to be honest my treatment couldnt get any worse at this moment in time!
