Practice: CHURCH ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: E86034
Postcode: UB8 3NA
Google Maps title: Church Road Surgery
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Church+Road+Surgery/@51.5290299,-0.4780453,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766e090958b7a3:0x8d1856d72eb001b1!8m2!3d51.5290266!4d-0.475465!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vc81982?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86034-church-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Suleiman Ramin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
An absolutely disgraceful surgery with extremely rude staff. My 9-year-old had an urgent issue that required medical attention. I was asked to send photos, which I did, but no one followed up or called me. When I contacted reception at 2pm, I was told that I had been called twice. I received no calls and had no missed calls at all. When I tried to explain this, instead of addressing the issue or helping my child, I was told to change GP if I was not happy. I am extremely disappointed by the lack of care, professionalism, and basic courtesy shown. This is not how a health centre should be run, especially when dealing with children and urgent concerns.

Author: Ala Alasadi
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service. I wait for over 30minutes each time on the phone first thing in the morning if I need to speak to a GP, and can never get through. I work in a GP myself so I know what good service looks like, and this is not it.

Author: Carol Lury
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have to say im shocked with some of these reviews. Everything i have ever had done has been done to high standards. I recently went with a problem and the doctor went above and beyond to help me. The reception staff are amazing. Me and my husband and our neighbours are registered here and think we are blessed compared to other surgeries in the borough. Thank you everyone at the surgery.

Author: Golam Rahman Chowdhury
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been attending this surgery for more than 7 years. Admin staffs are very kind,helpful and easy to approach. Doctors are very efficient and right to the point . All my repeat prescription, follow up and hospital referral done on time. Highly recommend this surgery.

Author: Moinul Hossain
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They are not helpful at all. There is barely any doctors and the service is horrible they have not prescribed anything and overall they are irresponsible

Author: Sheila Nar
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am really happy with the reception staff and the care provided by the doctors. The service is impeccable and they truly care about their patients. Thank you to the amazing team for all your support and attention.

Author: Avril McGrath
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst surgery in the borough without a doubt. Little wonder they were rated the second worst surgery in the whole Borough. I wanted to register with them purely because they are close to me and was told it could take up to 2 weeks for a registration to be processed. 4 weeks later I still haven't heard from them. I phoned at the end of the second week to be told only one doctor can deal with the registrations and he hasn't dealt with mine. They can also be very rude on the phone. Anyway this surgery is incompetent shoddy and just rude at best. If they didn't want to register me they should have done the decent thing and told me instead of just completely ignoring me. Strangely another surgery I have now registered with last Thursday had me registered and set up by the following day on the Friday!! I think I should count my lucky stars Church Road surgery is so awful and they didn't register me because they're clearly useless and before even having my first GP appointment, they made it clear they wanted to change and take me off my medication and they didn't know my medical history at all to be making such rediculous demands at that point.

Author: Hugh Mann
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why is this surgery covered with flags and other political paraphernalia? A GP surgery should be a neutral space. Whoever owns this surgery dose not have a wright to bombard people attending this medical facility with their politics. People with mental and physical issues should not be subjected to this against their will. I have complained about this in the past but to no avail. Please remove all this political paraphernalia and return this surgery to the neutral space that it used to be.

Author: Cine Piggy
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been attending Church Road Surgery for the last 9 years, they have looked after myself and my son, I have always found the staff to be professional, polite and helpful.

Author: Oued Laou
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors surgery award for Hillingdon goes to…… Church Road! Has been heading from bad to worse since Dr Mort retired.
