Practice: BRUNEL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E86030
Postcode: UB8 3PH
Google Maps title: Brunel Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 182
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brunel+Medical+Centre/@51.5318262,-0.4748951,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766e0a8ebeca31:0x5e923455594b00b8!8m2!3d51.5318229!4d-0.4723148!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg5tjz5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86030-brunel-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nilam Barekar
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
It was easy to obtain appointments whenever needed. Brunel Medical Center consistently provided clear treatment plans, prescriptions and explanation whenever required. The health care team is compassionate professional and dedicated. Thank you for the excellent service.

Author: Belinda Fernandes
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Belinda Fernandes3 reviews5 days ago New

Author: Manisha -
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This is by far the worst GP surgery I have ever experienced. They have cancelled three of my appointments just minutes before the actual appointment time, after I had already made the effort to attend. It is extremely frustrating and disrespectful of patients’ time. It is also incredibly difficult to even get an appointment in the first place. The reception staff act as gatekeepers and make the process unnecessarily difficult rather than helping patients access care. The doctors only seem to work very limited hours (around 9–4:30), and when you are told someone will call you back, it rarely happens. Overall, the service is unreliable, unhelpful, and very disappointing. Patients deserve better access and communication than what this surgery provides.

Author: Manju Magar
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to get my blood checked, not only i had to wait long, i was texted saying i need to boom again. I went again and again same issue. Setting time is already difficult not to mention a week late schedule and just to get nothing. I had my previous gp at custom house, very easy, quick and never had any issue. This brunel gp not only cost my time but couldn’t come up with the results

Author: Marvinmz
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This center is incredibly disappointing and an absolute joke!! The reception staff seem to be either students or completely untrained. The GP seems to do little more than check blood pressure and temperature. I am now seeking a different medical facility and will complain and report this centre as this place won’t take your health concerns seriously.

Author: Gabriela Corcodel
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP ever. I always need to wait so long for everything and they never find solution. It takes to them so long to make a sick note, they send me from doctor to doctor for a prescription. I don’t know who is my doctor as they change all the time and you don’t see the same doctors again. When you ask something to the reception they forget to say it to the doctor, they take notes that they don’t give to anyone and when they say they will call back, they never call. Everything takes so long I’m sick and tired of this.

Author: Gerry
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
No complaints so far. The young ladies on reception are polite to me and smile. I often make jokes.I get seen relatively quickly. Doctors and nurses should always wear rubber gloves when taking blood samples or giving injections.They do in China, Saudi Arabia and Vietnam.

Author: Max Roe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
every member of staff I've spoken to has been incredibly helpful. The GPs have been able to help me with everything I've needed, even things my previous practice told me they weren't able to do anything about. the 8-11am request window is a bit inconvenient but you can also just call or go in if you need

Author: Jonathan Aplin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just phoned reception to make an appointment Jawad who answered the phone was quiet rude due to the fact that I wanted to make an appointment by phone and not use patches on line medical requests for an appointment and insisted that I give her a reason why i would not use it I should, not have to give a reason why I don't want to use patches the receptionist is there to assist the patient not to interrogate them (when I phoned the medical centre it gave me options press 1 for appointments)

Author: Mick McCourt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I find the surgery very good with helpful staff; I don't know why the PATCHES system is only open from 08:00; surely it should be open longer/all the time so that people can get their request loaded into the system??
