Practice: THE PINE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E86016
Postcode: UB4 8RB
Google Maps title: The Pine Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 99
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Pine+Medical+Centre/@51.5270765,-0.4190745,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766d71326e4497:0x7194f0eed5a29530!8m2!3d51.5270732!4d-0.4164942!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vg_6swy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86016-the-pine-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richa Rana
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst service ever I tried to book an appointment they didn't do so even they cut the call in mid I'm having an medical emergency ND these guys just .... ND the receptionist she is the worst handler ever

Author: Mahmud Hasan Sabbir
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mahmud Hasan SabbirLocal Guide · 74 reviews · 1,375 photosEdited 2 months ago

Author: Agata Cwiertnia
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I filled out the form online to register my baby. Thr registration supposed to be within 5 days. After over 2 weeks i called to ask for progress, and they said i have to come with birth certificate. They didn't even bother to contact me sooner to let me know some more details is needed. I wanted the appointment for baby asap (the soonest was in 1.5 week) but as they didn't register him yet they told me to book for my name. So I did. I came to the appointment on time. When doctor called me, he said I can't have appointment on my name, i have to go back to reception and change to my baby and come back. So i did, it took about 4 mins. The doctor didn't wait for me and called someone else. I had to wait another 15 mins for my appointment. During the appointment (i came with baby's reflux and suspicion of allergy/intolerance due to all symptoms and family history). The doctor didn't let me speak, didn't even look at the baby to see what kind of rash he has, didn't even check his red book or didn't ask for any details. He just said that for sure it is not allergy and he will not give any referal for further checks, and he prescribed the medicine straight away. I know this medicine causes constipation in babies but this doctor didn't even asked if baby's poos are ok at this moment... He was just talking how ridiculous i am with thinking about allergy, despite family history with allergies and intolerances. Well. He got money for that useless 3 min appointment so he is happy. Totally doesn't care about helping people. I was 'seen' by Dr M Akin-Taylor.

Author: A Basnet
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's been a pleasure to be with The Pine Medical Centre for the last 13 years. Dr Sehdev have been truly a precious person within the suregery. The reception team are also helpful who always try to accomodate appointments and other advice. Unfortunately, as we moved house and thinking if I could get similar GP with in my new area. Anyways, thank you The Pine Medical Team. We will surely miss you and your service.

Author: Sunny Shah
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
How this place is still running puzzles me. Dr Akin Taylor is one of the worst GPs ever, absolute burden on the tax payer and NHS. Shut this place down or hire new GPs and management. What a shambles

Author: Quidexe
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mel your customer service was outstanding

Author: Ran Thaps
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
WORST GP DOCTOR !! DR REVA GUDI You should be able to happily raise concerns about your health without being disregarded!! Not the case if you got Dr Gudi. My niece went to the gp to get an allergy test and blood test as she had been feeling poorly for months. She came back in tears! Her health concerns were disregarded by this doctor who told her ‘no you don’t need a blood test or allergy test, just stay away from what your allergic to’ when she insisted to be checked. The doctor (if you could even call her one) only responded with ‘it’s not a big deal’ attitude when my niece tried to plead with her multiple time regarding her health concerns. Disgusting. Is this the kind of unsafe and disregarding work practice pine GP are promoting? Doctors that disregard their patients health concerns to the point of tears?? I would understand if my niece was mean or disrespectful to the doctor but even while Reva Gudi was disregarding her she held her tears and just sat silently. Please do better, us as patients should not be scared to voice our health concerns when a GP is an institute that is made to voice concerns about health before things get serious. If the gp don’t take our health concerns sincerely then what is the point of GPs existing.

Author: Ran Jit
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best surgery since I joined. always give urgent appointment on same day.

Author: Harpal Grover
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Guddi, is the worst doctor in this GP. She doesn't know how to talk to elderly and speaks to them rudely during appointments.

Author: Michael
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My wife Lidya had her first face-to-face appointment with Dr. S. Sehdev today, and we were very impressed with the experience. Dr. Sehdev was incredibly friendly, caring, and professional, bringing a genuinely positive energy to the consultation. We truly appreciate the time and attention he gave us. From the moment we joined this surgery, every interaction — starting with the reception team — has been nothing but positive. We’re very happy with our decision to move here and can’t fault the service in any way. Thank you to the whole team!
