Practice: DR MLR SIDDIQUI'S PRACTICE
Canonical code: E86629
Postcode: HA4 6TA
Google Maps title: Walnut Way GP Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 91
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Walnut+Way+GP+Practice/@51.5520787,-0.4014372,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766d219316ce09:0xdf3b7682bbc6aa76!8m2!3d51.5520754!4d-0.3988569!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v_z8d52?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86629-dr-mlr-siddiquis-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gary Stray
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service given over the phone regarding my daughters prescription.

Author: Daniel Callingham
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
After speaking to a male receptionist I ask for a appointment for my vision ASAP He said emergency appointment was fully booked for 2 days.He sent me a link (patches) to to fill out. I called back and said I am struggling to fill out the form with my site and he told me to call 111 instead. I understand Doctors are busy but his attitude was terrible. A real shame as a couple of the receptionist are diamonds His name (Threstle or Frestle) something like that.

Author: Linda Nurse
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Misbah is an amazing GP. After many years of good health other than one chronic condition, for which I just a needed repeat prescription, last year I had a serious health issue. This has resulted in a lot more contact with the surgery. My appointment with Dr Misbah was a very positive experience. I was listened to and given some excellent advice. I wasn’t rushed and left feeling a lot more informed and reassured about what had happened to me. Paula, the practice nurse is an asset to the surgery. So much compassion and empathy and such a genuinely lovely person. The lady GP is very helpful and has been very supportive on the two or three occasions I’ve spoken to her. The receptionist Kay is friendly and helpful and I have always felt listened to when I speak to her. I’ve seen the reviews about rude staff but that’s certainly not my experience. One or two are perhaps a little over efficient and blunt which I guess could come across as disinterest and I do understand why people may see it as rude. But the receptionists do have to manage those calls and keep to the point so that the phone lines are available for other patients. I gave four stars and not five because there are things that could be better. The admin team don’t always put the correct information on my medical file. And because I have the NHS app I can see everything that’s on there. And I had a missed call from the pharmacist which I did return but was never called back. They are the only negatives. I’ve been a patient for many many years. Probably 20+. If it was as bad as some of the reviews I’ve seen I’d have changed GP’s years ago.

Author: Miss Sharma
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am not sure why people have left such negative reviews and a low rating for this surgery. It almost stopped me from registering here at first but when I spoke to my neighbour she told me she has had a positive experience and she was right. This is one of the better surgeries in West London providing really good care for patients. They always try to accommodate for appointments and when the doctor (mostly I have dealt with Dr. Siddiqui) speaks with you he is not rushing to get to his next appointment. He fully understands your issue, discuss it until both him and the patient are satisfied with the outcome. Seriously dont let the negative reviews stop registering at this surgery.

Author: David Neyman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
David Neyman1 review · 1 photo5 months ago

Author: V
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
V1 review6 months ago

Author: Mobster Mobster
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Dr. Siddiqi for his outstanding professionalism, care, and support. He always takes the time to listen, explain things clearly, and treat me with respect. His dedication to his patients is truly appreciated. Thank you, Dr. Siddiqi, for your excellent service.

Author: Saroj Gupta
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saroj Gupta8 months ago

Author: Stella Duffus
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Professional, kind and caring the doctors at Walnut way listened to my queries well and was able to help me get better.

Author: Jalal
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been registered here for 20+ years, the Doctor is incredible. He listens to you and always willing to have a reasonable conversation about your health without rushing you.
