Practice: SOUTHCOTE CLINIC
Canonical code: E86640
Postcode: HA4 7LJ
Google Maps title: Southcote Clinic
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Southcote+Clinic/@51.5764736,-0.4370852,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766c5d8124192b:0x48df4d4b29b10a7f!8m2!3d51.5764703!4d-0.4345049!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vyn3c1s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86640-southcote-clinic.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Harriet Burwood
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great clinic - I wanted to make a special mention to Dina who went above and beyond to try and get me an appointment and even called to follow up. Thank you!

Author: Karim Aldhaferi
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered with this GP for a long time and the staff are usually wonderful, but my experience today was terrible. I dealt with a senior receptionist for the first time who was extremely rude and hostile. She spent 15 minutes 'interrogating' me with unnecessary questions about why I was there, who referred me, and even Usually, when I ask for an appointment, I get one within an hour or two on the same day. However, she was completely uncooperative and refused to help, insisting I come the next morning. When I explained that I couldn't make it in the morning and asked for the afternoon, she dismissively told me to call back then to see if anything is available. I felt a clear sense of discrimination and a total lack of professionalism. This is not the standard I expect from this surgery

Author: Alex
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
The doctors themselves have been great so far and one of the receptionists I usually deal with is very pleasant and helpful, however one receptionist I recently encountered is extremely rude, condescending and unhelpful. I explained I had an appointment with a consultant at a specialist clinic who sent a request to the GP for a prescription and told me to call the surgery on the Monday morning. I called at 11am on the Monday and was met with a rude response of "how do you expect us to have looked at prescriptions already when you bombard us this early on a Monday, that is a silly request". I explained I was told to ask on Monday morning and left it till closer to midday but she responded "well you need to wait for the other lady to help because I can't". I then explained I was travelling 3weeks later and also wanted advice from a nurse or doctor on appropriate malaria tablets I could take as I had just found out I was pregnant after prior loss. She coldly responded that would be the nurse but there is no point as I've left it too late anyway and should have been better at planning. I explained I still had 3 weeks and wanted advice from a professional and she said she was advising correctly that I should have considered it sooner. I reiterated Id be fine with a telephone appointment from anyone as I was newly pregnant and anxious and she said "well you didn't register the pregnancy with us so you need to log on and refer yourself for antenatal care". I said I mainly wanted to get the malaria tablets which she again told me "just look online". I have since taken it upon myself not to register my pregnancy with Southcote and register at another trust altogether because I no longer trust the care I would be receiving or assistance with appointments. It seems from reviews this is a common theme with this particular receptionist which is a shame as the doctors themselves and rest of the staff are very good

Author: Robert Hodgkinson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to the team at Southcote Medical Centre. They have helped myself and my father immensely today. We truly appreciate the professionalism and support shown by the team in particular Danuta who dealt with our query.

Author: Paul Allen
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’d like to say how much my visiting doctors experience has improved since I’ve been going to this clinic. Although obviously busy the staff and doctors are always pleasant and clearly trying their best under busy circumstances. Whereas you cannot always recommend a clinic, from a personal perspective it’s refreshing .

Author: Jehangir Sheriff
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing practice with extremely helpful staff. We've always had a great experience.

Author: Rosie Welsh
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best Practice ever, caring personelle, across the board Can't recommend highly enough !!

Author: Diana Vollmerhausen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm really glad I signed up with this surgery when we moved to Ruislip. I've had a few health issues the last year and have been to the surgery a fair bit. Staff are kind, efficient and helpful and it's pretty easy to get an appointment.

Author: Olly Martin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Every time I call I tend to get the same receptionist on the phone. So rude, dismissive & a careless tone. Can no longer get a doctors appointment no matter how sick you are, they just palm you off elsewhere. Used to be such a good surgery, god only knows what’s happened. Moving to another surgery that actually cares for patients. That receptionist needs to either be fired or taught how to actually speak to people in need.

Author: Roma Keane
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had any problems very pleased with practice. Can get appointment and Doctors are very good.
