Practice: ACREFIELD SURGERY
Canonical code: E86615
Postcode: HA4 0QR
Google Maps title: Acrefield Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 22
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Acrefield+Surgery/@51.5613715,-0.3840257,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766cd47149ddc9:0x44fb2fee91b43501!8m2!3d51.5613682!4d-0.3814454!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11frdw4rq1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86615-acrefield-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Saleem amin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saleem amin3 reviews · 1 photoa year ago

Author: Anita Bulusu
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
On street parking is unrestricted but leave some time to find a space - you may have to walk. Drop off elderly at the entrance first!

Author: Susan “Suzie” Thomas
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very pleased with my GP surgery. I am always offered an appointment after the initial triage call, if not at Acrefield I would be sent to Acre Northwood which is fine. Even after the pandemic when I know other surgeries still weren't taking face to face appointments, I was always able to see a doctor. I hear complaints from others about their GP surgery and realise how lucky I am. Dr Popat is particularly lovely, very attentive and efficient. Has been great with my Son.

Author: Nisarg patel
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I visited today. I asked the receptionist to check my body weight. She told me that they don't have any facility to check weight. Very bad & poor GP. I request that NHS provide a weight machine. It's a basic requirement for any patients.

Author: pirapakaran perampalam
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
pirapakaran perampalam1 photo2 years ago

Author: Imran Malik
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
Last few months some improvement, dr salim and dr poppat amazing and really friendly. Been with this surgery since Dr Mistry, over the years it has dropped in standards. Booking an appointment is now like running a maze, you first have to wait for a significant period of time for someone to pick up. Then have a receptionist question you, this is followed by a long wait to have a doctor call you, if they ever do. Sometimes no doctors at the site, you get referred to Northwood.

Author: cyberk
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Been with the surgery for 7 years. Service has drastically improved in the last 2-3 years unable to say. Initially when I moved into the area it took more than 2 years to get my details moved from the previous surgery. They couldn’t get my details right but then things went on. A big change is the quality of receptionists now compared to the past staff. Sometimes I didn’t get an appointment at the surgery & I was asked to come to Acre surgery which is but far. This surgery needs a bigger facility. Overall would recommend the surgery!

Author: keith 79mod
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
keith 79modLocal Guide · 8 reviews2 years ago

Author: Taimur Ijlal
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely horrible service. My son and wife have had serious fevers and these people are never available. i will be changing GPs soon and recommend everyone to do the same. NHS should check this and this GP is not helping people at all .You can check the other reviews also

Author: Bal Garcha
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Such awful experience and I will be changing GPs… I wish I could have rating my experience with negative stars! THE FINAL STRAW was when I followed the surgery guidance to get a prescription for my inhaler I sent an email Thu 13th Oct 9:20am. Incidentally, off the bat with poor user experience, they don’t tell you your prescription is sent, they advise that it takes up to 72 hours and I’ll just need to check with my local pharmacy – surely an automated text system can be implemented. Anyway, having checked with the pharmacy Fri, Mon, Tue, Wed I then called the surgery today, Fri 21st Oct only to be told that the prescription was rejected by the nurse Mon 17th Oct and I’ll need to come in for an asthma – I wasn’t told and there is a backlog as they have people off sick (hope not asthma related). For me this appointment was unnecessary given this is a condition I have had since I was a child, is in my medical records, and the urgent need is to replace an inhaler I need for symptoms I have been having for days, triggered by a recent cold. In any case “ok when’s the next appointment?”… at this practise 1st Nov… Jeez I thought 7 working hours may have been optimistic but 7 working days!!! Having struggled with symptoms for over a week I asked to speak to a doctor, the response “the doctor will be in in the afternoon and I’ll either get a call/ text”. I appreciate I was short on the phone and frustrated but when I asked, given that we are approaching the weekend what is the likelihood I’ll get the prescription today as I really need it (by the way it’s a salbutamol inhaler not morphine), I questioned whether the receptionist was aware of any similar scenario with another patient, I was told (verbatim) “everyone we’ve had with asthma is well prepared with an inhaler”… guess they don’t have prescriptions or empathy at this practise. I rarely write reviews, and only do if I find things amazingly good or especially bad
