Practice: WEST LONDON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E86620
Postcode: UB8 3NG
Google Maps title: West London Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+London+Medical+Centre/@51.5257576,-0.4559402,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48766dedb050a535:0xce2e83898390506b!8m2!3d51.5257543!4d-0.4533599!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdcwlgt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E86620-west-london-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Old School Caretaker
Date: Edited a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Latest: Watch out! I've just called to find out if my appointment today is face to face or phone. Only to be told it's at a surgery in Cowley...when I live one road away from WLMC. This has happened because my doctor has moved to the other surgery. I have lived next to the surgery for 24 years and now they expect me to take a bus. If I had not called, I would have missed my appointment going to the wrong place! Before leaving, I checked Google reviews and found the other surgery to be unfavourable. I have now asked for a new doctor and appt at WLMC, which they were happy to do. This was all a little frustrating. If they had warned me in advance, I could have reacted without having to lose today's slot. Im still happy with my doctors, just frustrated by the massive admin error, consequently I'm not adjusting their rating. Previous: I've just had my holiday jabs here. The check- in process is straight forward and quick. As my local surgery, I find that I'm actually able to see them face to face within 10 days of making an appointment. There can be a wait to see staff, even when you arrive on time. However, this is no different from elsewhere. The reception staff are pleasant and efficient.

Author: Frederica Goirand
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I ve been going there for years with my daughter and I would say they re excellent doctors and always make sure I get an appt on the day for any issues and receptionists are really friendly and helpful on the phone

Author: Aby Abraham
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Aby Abrahama week ago New

Author: ArpithA Mc
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I will have to withdraw my registration submission with this surgery due to a disheartening and unprofessional experience with the reception staff. When I called seeking support, the staff member I spoke with was rude and dismissive,showing no interest in understanding my symptoms or concerns. As a patient who was reaching out for help, I expected at least a basic level of empathy and professionalism. Instead, the interaction left me feeling anxious and worried about how I would be cared for if I became unwell. Because of this experience, I no longer feel comfortable continuing my registration with this practice. I hope the surgery takes steps to improve the professionalism, empathy, and communication of its reception and administrative staff as they are the first point of contact for patients seeking care.

Author: Alan X
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The GP is very kind & experienced. The staffs are very helpful. Highly recommended.

Author: jane coles
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wanted to join this doctors but can't!! First it has took over a month to register as they sent someone else details to me!! They apologised!! Which i felt that was a breach of confidentiality!! When finally they got it right. They then told me the doctor won't prescribe my certain pain medication which even the hospital has given me!! I have never heard anything like this in my life. So now I have to find another doctors. Unbelievable!!

Author: AM
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Having been at this medical centre for the past 10+ years I can completely understand why it gets a 1 star rating. The staff and the practices general operation is poor, its sometimes embarrassing. I haven't any issues with the doctors themselves personally as in most cases they have been great. But when you see how poorly this place operates and lack of staff competence its understandable why waiting times are rising in the UK... its the older patients I feel sorry for and those who don't have access to private. My family had moved away to another clinic some time ago given issues, but I think given my latest experience its time to move on also.

Author: Ben
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent GP practice receptionists caring and very helpful and have received exemplary care from all the doctors led by Dr Shashikanth

Author: Noor Miah
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr shahikanth is very caring and helpful. Never had any problems.

Author: Bob. kapp.
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Bob. kapp.Local Guide · 11 reviews4 months ago
