Practice: MEANWHILE GARDEN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E87026
Postcode: W10 5NT
Google Maps title: Meanwhile Gardens Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Meanwhile+Gardens+Medical+Centre/@51.5222571,-0.2049342,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4876101b06fc83a5:0x7eccf9c6eb8ba19a!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876101ba962e8b1:0xfa0f8aed31423347!8m2!3d51.5222538!4d-0.2023539!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc5jfhqq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87026-meanwhile-garden-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A shasanya
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been coming to this practice for many years, since Dr Jasani worked here, and she is very much missed. After she left it took me a long time to get to know a new doctor, but Dr Kramer has been very kind, helpful and understanding. He’s pleasant to deal with and really takes the time to listen. The admin staff are always efficient and professional as well. Thank you to the whole team for the care you provide.

Author: Mark Daoust
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In my experience the man Kraemer disrepects Consultant's opinions, advice and implied cautions. Avoid or engage as one finds with one's own experience, but with caution advised. I found his addressing of prescribing chemists as a 'sweetshops' (repeatedly) as illuminating toward his likely threatened mindset. Glib behaviors exhibited - at first! Did not respond well to any challenges as to his imperial wisdom. (See DSM V as to why that might be so.) Never been to a practice where the GP'S door is always open during appointments of all patients especially 1.5 metres from waiting room open door. I found the man somewhat pathetically grandiose - whilst sure he holds me in a different derision. On the bright side, I did meet God! Just my experience as a 69 year old with otherwise happy NHS patient in the area for 45 years.

Author: Kate Hartnett
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kate Hartnett1 review3 months ago

Author: Safia haleem
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I left this surgery last year and it was the best decision ever- after dr jasani left (my doctor for 28years) i was with dr Kramer- this man is rude and very unhelpful. He dismisses everything i have to say and finds any other excuse under the book to not write letters or fill out forms. Looking at the comments it seems he does this this to many people. He’s declined to fill out my disability form and says I don’t need it as I can still walk( even tho I’ve had to call ambulance 6 times the past 3 months ) bare in mind he has never met me- this has been all over the phone!

Author: Barney Dewhurst
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception staff are very quick to answer, polite, friendly and efficient

Author: Mary Byambasuren
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This medical centre follows an oldschool practice. Unfortunately, our experience was disappointing — the man there was particularly rude and unprofessional when interacting with patients. Based on our visit, we wouldn’t recommend this clinic to others.

Author: Aria Kovatzis
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
You can get an appointment within a reasonable time. Dr Kraemer can come across as rather abrupt as he is a no nonsense person but that's good as he doesn't beat about the bush. He is direct with your diagnosis which is the best way to approach your health issues and get them sorted asap. I would rather have this sort of approach rather than a softly, softly approach. If you like the direct approach this is the surgery for you.

Author: Catrina L
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a great experience with Dr Kraemer. He was very helpful, took the time to listen to all my concerns, and didn’t rush the appointment. He’s straightforward in his approach, which I find professional and reassuring. I usually go private for medical care, but I wouldn’t hesitate to see him again. The reception staff and nurse are also extremely helpful and efficient. Highly recommended!

Author: Suzie Bath
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently switched to this surgery and have been very impressed. The receptionist is always friendly and very efficient. On both visits I have seen Dr Kraemer, he is incredibly thorough and takes time to explain things in a manner that is both interesting and comprehendible. He takes a clear interest in the patient as a whole, not just the specific issue in question. I have seen many excellent doctors privately and would say Dr Kraemer’s manner and clear expertise goes beyond what one would expect even in private setting. I highly recommend this surgery.

Author: Roc Sandford
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a wonderful surgery—a real credit to the NHS. You’re treated like a person and they’re really thorough and helpful.
