Practice: BELGRAVIA SURGERY
Canonical code: E87005
Postcode: SW1W 9PY
Google Maps title: The Belgravia Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Belgravia+Surgery/@51.4949954,-0.1511725,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487605226bd74bb5:0x9404b27e567020dc!8m2!3d51.4949921!4d-0.1485922!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tlc_ndr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87005-belgravia-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Catherine Coley
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
So sad that the surgery has ditched actual human receptionists in favour of a horrendous automated system. They did actually call back quite quickly but it is an intimidating and unwelcoming process

Author: Philip Hooper
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Edit: they seemed to have improved the system. The GP here cured a problem that I’d been trying to solve for years. Former post: A really great surgery has been ruined by a ridiculous phone system. I have complained a number of times, but to no avail. You cannot simply call and speak to someone. Emailing has become really difficult too. They sent me an SMS message with an email address to reply to. I replied and received an email saying that the email address wasn’t accepting emails any more. I managed to arrange a call but unfortunately didn’t get to it in time. The person then said that I should call on the surgery number that’s absolutely useless to call. On the phone, I went through about 8 questions, then got an automated “That appointment is not longer available” and I had to answer all 8 questions again.

Author: Lavanya Kala
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are great, the phlebotomists are great, but the new phone triage system is one of the worst things they have ever installed. And patches is just awful. Please get rid of both. Can't even get things actioned in a timely manner with the existence of these things - which is concerning because you're a GP.

Author: Darren Holland
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with the surgery over 12 years and always have had great service from the doctors and no problems getting appointments. The new phone system for booking appointments couldn’t be simpler. You leave your details, they triage the calls and call you back very promptly. I’ve always been offered same day appointments. Much better than joining a phone queue system. Overall a superb surgery.

Author: Tiffany Rosa
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I very much echo all the other reviews with lower stars. There are a variety of issues with this surgery. A big issue is the administrative function, it is almost non existent, non accessible for those with needs or vulnerabilities. You have to speak to an AI bot to request a call back. Following this you have to receive a call back to which you answer the same questions as the bot. Then you may get a call back to confirm an appointment. It is a tedious and long process that doesn’t make any sense. I never received confirmation of my appointment. Thankfully I had a quiet week at work so was able to answer the phone but I’ve had previous times where I’d miss the call as was in a meeting and have to repeat the process again. The second issue with the practice is the medical staff. I had an unpleasant encounter today with one of the nurses. I felt so uncomfortable and it was really substandard of basic medical ethics. I would truly avoid and I’m going to be looking for a new surgery.

Author: Marcello B
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I continue to be impressed with the recent care I have been receiving. While the new phone system really lets the practice down, they're pretty good at calling you back same day (provided you answer your phone, otherwise you need to start your enquiry from scratch!) There are a few new doctors that have arrived such as Dr Chieng and Dr Hatab that are truly stand-out. Keep up the good work, and get rid of that phone system!

Author: Chaima Hale
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have always received a fantastic service for my children at this practice. Always seen very swiftly and always so thorough. Many thanks to Dr Farouq who recently saw my son and provided an extensive consultation.

Author: Emmaline Windeler
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This new phone system is insane. It's impossible to book an appointment. I will have to go in physically to speak to them. They need to take it down immediately and put a real person on the phone

Author: GB GB
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not fit for purpose. They've installed a system that blocks all routes to access them. They NEVER pick up a call, there is a maze of a phone system designed to confuse and prevent you booking an appointment. They have shut down their email access. No phone access, no email access. They have set up barriers to accessing medical care. The message is ..they DONT WANT to see you or hear from you and shut the door on your way out.

Author: N A
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors at this surgery are caring, professional, and thorough. Unfortunately, the newly installed phone system completely lets them down. I received a voicemail from a GP asking me to call back urgently about my sick child, but it has been impossible to reach anyone at reception. The phone system is a maze of confusing options, some of which only appear after waiting silently for a while. After multiple steps of verifying my details with the automated system, I’m then given another round of options, none of which allow you to speak to a receptionist or even leave a voicemail. Most selections simply end with “your response has been registered, goodbye” before hanging up. I’m relatively young and tech-literate, yet I still can’t navigate this awful system. It’s hard to imagine how elderly patients, people with special needs, or anyone unfamiliar with technology could manage it. This setup is actively hindering patient care. The surgery urgently needs to scrap this system and find an alternative that allows patients to reach reception easily. Especially for urgent or sensitive matters!
