Practice: HOLLAND PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: E87016
Postcode: W8 7RX
Google Maps title: Holland Park Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 122
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Holland+Park+Surgery/@51.5013305,-0.1970877,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48760ff0c3fb6b8d:0x5c7031d982a97f32!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760fe67f7229cb:0xa03bd7a4e62c2b9b!8m2!3d51.5013272!4d-0.1945074!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wc47fzg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87016-holland-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Fábia Pimenta
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I have called this clinic twice, and on both occasions the phone manner was extremely poor. The staff member I spoke to was rude, abrupt, and uninterested in hearing my query. It felt as though she didn’t want to help at all. Her tone only changed slightly once I mentioned where I was calling from, but even then she remained dismissive and unwilling to assist. I am also unsure whether my query has even been dealt with, as there was no effort made to understand the issue. This is especially disappointing given that we work in the same profession and would never treat people in this way. This level of service is unacceptable and needs to be addressed.

Author: Marco Cioni
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a very pleasant visit to this roomy surgery in a great location found at Southern face of the k&C Town Hall. I was greeted by the cheerful smile of Dr Bavani Dharmawardene. She had a team who made me feel very welcome and relaxed. I liked the atmosphere the Dr created and I was happy when I left. Many thanks

Author: Nikita Gupta
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Waiting times have increased significantly. On an average I have been waiting for 45 mins to an hour for an appointment.

Author: Marie Dalby
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic professional caring doctors in the clinic . Helpful and kind members of staff all round . The best GP surgery in Kensington and Holland Park . Including Chelsea . Highly recommended. 6 star quality. 👍 …

Author: Maria Una
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Maria Una3 reviews2 months ago

Author: H S
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Holland Park surgery’s staff. I have been here years and it’s wonderful service even Covid times, they have provided a good service and they did their best. Today, especially with Dr Ali would like to say thank you for his clever, care, time and polite. I was in severe pain and he look after me very well as a patient. He gave me more than enough time and he did his all his best with good advice. He is handsome doctor. Big thanks to you Dr Ali and God bless you. Also I would like to say thank you for everything Dr Jessica Anson. She went through step by step to help me with my pain.

Author: MALTI MAHONEY
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to Holland Park Surgery. Below the kensington library with my friend. I was astounded the way the receptionist treated her. The receptionist in question is a young white male probably about 24 or younger. Theys started laughing and sneering when she was inquiring the lead reception about an issue. The young man was sitting in the back office with a lady with dark hair and she joined in the sneering as the Italian lady at the reception was trying to help my friend. I was shocked. Firstly this is a clinic and there has to be some empathy. This behaviour was rather alarming. You cannot laugh when a patient is asking a question to someone else. I hope someone sees this and that gentleman is reprimanded. This is insane.

Author: Reina
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m very happy I chose this GP clinic when I moved here. Dr Sinduja Parabaran is amazing. She’s very knowledgeable, experienced and skilled, proactive in treatment and tests, and caring and attentive. I feel I’m in good hands and I can trust her. And also the receptionist team is helpful and pleasant. I don’t usually have to wait more than 15mins for my appointment with a GP doctor or nurse here which is nice. The waiting area is usually not that crowded. I have a very good experience here every time so far.

Author: TheaB
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I really can't speak more highly about the professionalism and delivery of care here. Reception is always available and flexible in arranging appointments. Doctors always make the time while meeting and take my conditions or issues seriously. The waits are never too long whether it's a doctor visit or phlebotomy. Really lovely place!

Author: Dawn Moore
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Note for those looking to register, I switched to this GP over 3 months ago and have yet to be able to book in an appointment due to such limited availability.
