Practice: COLVILLE HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: E87067
Postcode: W11 1PA
Google Maps title: Colville Health Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Colville+Health+Centre/@51.5158726,-0.2088673,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876101e0c10448f:0x9d5848d19b1cd48c!8m2!3d51.5158693!4d-0.206287!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v46zv37?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87067-colville-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: maggie oxford
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
During the Covid-19 pandemic I have found the doctors to be extremly helpful and when you call you can actually speak to one. I have been with this practice 40yrs.

Author: Aisha
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgraceful! Considering I pay alot of NI contributions monthly. I have only been with them a relatively short period of time and they are an absolute nightmare to get an appointment, a call back or the referral that they also promised to complete and didn’t. They already talked me out of making an official complaint previously but I am definitely going to go ahead and make one now. I was previously with an outstanding GP surgery Westbourne Grove Medical Centre and they were outstanding for over 20 years no issues with getting an appointment, referrals or anything else unlike the experience I have had with these lot in such a short space of time. My advice steer clear! They are awful. Getting paid an awful lot of money for doing nothing as evidenced in other reviews. Added 10th March 2026 2 weeks ago I popped into the surgery to make an appointment only to be told by the receptionist that you cannot make appointments at the reception. But it clearly states on their website that you can make an appointment at reception. As mentioned in other reviews the receptionist really does not want to do her job she would rather be sat on her phone as previously witnessed. Dr didn't want to examine me until I complained about the lack of and I had to tell her where I want to be referred to. Had to ask for my BP to be taken. In the few years I have been with colville I have had -Promised phone calls for appointments not returned -Drs asking ME where I think I should be referred to for a lump in my mouth -wrong referrals which were sent back to the surgery and then not sent to the right place and sat there for months and not being actioned until I called them up. Today the Dr that I saw was sat in a room with the most foul odour and her fingernails were filthy with dirt under them. When I mentioned this to the practice manager he suggested I was getting personal. Er no…a Drs nails should not look like that when wanting to examine patients with said hands. I was late being seen for my appointment and then she rushed me out saying hurry up and choose where you want your bloods done as I have patients waiting. Well when I came out the reception was empty!

Author: Fatih Gaygusuz
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Soooo rude

Author: maddy Nuch
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
maddy NuchLocal Guide · 6 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Clare Olinski
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible place. Rude, uncaring people on the phone- when you can get through ( I tried 94 times yesterday feb 2nd 2026!). I have the record on my phone to prove it. Lazy, dismissive doctors- they are always changing, you'll never see the same one twice. They never have your notes to hand. I saw a doctor yesterday who said, and I quote, "it's too much trouble to look through your notes". Avoid this place. I was told at St Charles Urgent Care that it is notorious for palming people off on them when a gp could have seen them. This was told to me by a triage nurse at St Charleswhen I had to go there as Colville Health Centre wouldn't see me despite having a deserted waiting room. I didn't have an appointment, you see, despite it being a sudden emergency which nobody could have forseen. I could go on but I hope this is enough to warn people off the place. Avoid, avoid, avoid.

Author: El’ay Altamorè
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
El’ay Altamorè9 reviews · 11 photosa month ago

Author: Isabelle Magambo
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is a new black lady and Asian manager who are exceptionally rude and disrespectful. I requested a hospital letter since November and they have still not completed it and they treat the public like venom.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
We take your concern seriously. You can contact our patient advice and liaison service (PALS) team who will be able to support you with this. You can find the information on the CLCH website: https://clch.nhs.uk/get-involved/compliments-and-complaints Your complaint will be acknowledged within three working days of receipt and we would then discuss with you how you would like us to proceed. For example, you may prefer us to arrange a meeting or to have a written response. Whichever way forward you choose, we aim to respond within 25 working days. Thank you.

Author: Shami
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Some doctors speak in a way that comes across as arrogant. Please don’t be discouraged and book an appointment with the new doctor, Nazir. A key part of the role is showing empathy toward patients, especially when they’ve had to call multiple times for the same issue. If this is not something you’re able to do, then perhaps this role is not the right fit. Being a doctor is not only about prescribing medication, but also about showing understanding. At times, it feels as though this behavior is intentional—driving patients away and then using that as justification. To be clear, I do not recommend booking an appointment with Dr. Nazir. While this may result in more availability for him, as a patient it is not worth it. He tends to focus more on a patient’s tone than on the actual health concern, which is extremely disappointing.

Author: Nick Carter
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always attentive, caring and helpful

Author: Stephanie H
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy with the service provided here. Used to be with Westbourne grove medical centre where I felt cared for. Colville medical centre tick boxes with various tests blood pressure etc, but nothing is joined up, every time I see different people who have no knowledge of my health issues and no interest either.
