Practice: THE ABINGDON HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: E87701
Postcode: W8 6EG
Google Maps title: The Abingdon Health Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Abingdon+Health+Centre/@51.496333,-0.1996903,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760ff2ff30afaf:0x7d7b6e4d3e8aed36!8m2!3d51.4963297!4d-0.19711!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th238l_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87701-the-abingdon-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Paula o'sullivan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist at the Abington Medical Practice exhibited unprofessional behavior, including rudeness and a lack of courtesy. She did not allow patients to articulate their concerns, frequently speaking over them and addressing them in a condescending manner. Such treatment is inappropriate, especially when dealing with individuals seeking medical assistance. Based on numerous reviews, it appears this may be a consistent issue with the same staff member. I intend to inquire about her name during my next visit and report the matter to the practice management.

Author: Christopher Key
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
A big thank you to all the team at the Abington Health Centre, who in my experience provide an effective, efficient service. Especially Dr Chua, who is a brilliant GP 🙏 …

Author: Kiren
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had a brilliant experience with Dr Emily Ching, Dr Bilal Sahib and particularly Nora (the nurse). All have looked after me through some very tough times. Always happy to help and just a joy to see, they make me feel supported and more confident with handling my issues. Really grateful to have them in my surgery! Thanks Team xx

Author: Gary Bidupking
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am fortunate to have been looked after by Dr Chua at this practice since the beginning. For all that time, I cannot fault the standard of excellent care provided by the Team for the many long and short term ailments I have. Unlike many other practices that my friends go to, the appointments here are nearly always punctual.

Author: Thom Heslop
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thom Heslop5 reviews7 months ago

Author: hamailok dizayee
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
5 stars for the doctors. I wish there was an option of sub-zero star for the receptionist and management. Why work if a salutation from your patients distress you. Even complaining is answered like a robot without addressing the real issue apart from complying lab lab lab. There are no options left apart from changing to another health centre. Please, the excellent doctors there take control of your own practice.

Author: Sam Saljoghi
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Trouble and rood reception and doctors … Under new management

Author: s m
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
A bunch of incompetent, self-entitled doctors who greet you with a smile but quickly show you the door when they can't answer your questions. Despite numerous blood pressure checks over the past year, they seemed unsure of what I should be doing. Frustrated with their confusing and unsure advice, I decided to adjust my medication dosage on my own, which proved more effective than their vague recommendations. I even requested to change my medicine from 10mg to 5mg twice over a period of 2-3 months, but they failed to take any action. Disappointing and unhelpful.

Author: Gio Pirro
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
It use to be good but it has become the worst. Nurses are ok but doctors have not clue. One of them couldn't recognise warts, another one was literally using Google Infront of me to try to figure out what were my symptoms about, another Indian lady visited me dressing with a really provoking dress because she was about to go to a party or something. Poor NHS.

Author: Sarah J Tabrizi
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this practice for 15 years, and always been under Dr Chua, she is an absolutely amazing GP, the best I’ve ever had, I am a doctor myself, so I recognise what an outstanding medical professional Dr Chua is. She has excellent clinical insights, is always helpful, and is kind and thoughtful. The receptionists are always helpful, and it is easy to get through on the phone. Also other staff like the phlebotomist are so helpful. I love this practice, and feel lucky to have it so close by.
