Practice: THE EXMOOR SURGERY
Canonical code: E87733
Postcode: W10 6DZ
Google Maps title: THE EXMOOR SURGERY W10 6DZ
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Catherines+Surgery/@51.9064972,-2.0843567,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48711b9b6cb24ee1:0xc783ff7ac4a95902!8m2!3d51.9064939!4d-2.0817764!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thpw8nw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 0
Raw review capture file: 

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lucas Taylor
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Been number 1 in cue and waiting 20 mins and still waiting what's going on doctors surgery is going down hill in total waited 25 mins the lady on the phone was very rude and seems that she didn't want to help me im not able to get out due to a broken ankle I need medication for acid reflux and nausea what a waste of time this surgery is disgusting

Author: Julie McCormack
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My beef is with the pharmacist who thinks she can keep holding back on my pain medication because she thinks I'm addicted to it. Well considering I've been on this medication long before she came to the practice and doctors were signing the prescriptions who never had a problem with my ordering I suggest the problem lies with her not me. She is leaving me without my much needed pain medication which is prescribed for my long term back pain and arthritis. I'm sick and tired of her thinking she can treat. Me in this manner. I have been with this surgery for many years and can honestly say I'm absolutely disgusted with the way she is treating me. I'm a 78 year old lady who several years ago was an auxiliary nurse knows about addiction, and I have never been addicted to any medication in my life. I will be following this up with an official complaint.

Author: Donna Johnson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic surgery everyone there is so polite and do anything to help from the people on the desk to the nurses and doctors love the professionalism of the surgery .

Author: Ben sallis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best doctors surgrey ive had doctors are so understanding and helpful

Author: John Spashett
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Doctors are very good but the system for pharmacy and repeat prescriptions is awful. My condition involves bad memory and I do have trouble making timely appointments but instead of working with me and my condition they just cut off my medication if I miss a review. I then have to go through a lot of stress (and occasional shortages) negotiating with their pharmacist to get it back. Inflexible and not well setup for the neurodiverse

Author: Jon Youdan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, I dealt with Dr Tilson who got pretty much everything wrong, didn't bother to read any records and then recommended the incorrect advice. Each time I had to correct them was a 40 minutes wait on hold. I'm still in pain now whilst he is playing Padel with all his chums.

Author: Vlad Cornak
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I never ever visited better GP practise in UK then St Catherine's surgery in Cheltenham,Doctors do deal with patients issues with such of sympathy that you wouldn't believe and they exactly know what to prescribe to a patient in needs. You can't fault this surgery and I thought it would be nice to leave feedback.10 out of 10 stars.

Author: Simon Williams
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Simon WilliamsLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 3 photos6 months ago

Author: gothic angel
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Think the nhs is dead. So much for GPs used to have same doctor now it's luck of witch ever GP reads your triage notes. Was made a appointment which I just couldn't. Make so rang to change it, was told we have nothing else.you would have thought they could have remade it for following week or month. But to have nothing something very wrong. How long will it take I wonder for big mistakes to be made. I note appointments should you want to see a doctor are nearly 6 weeks which are a disgrace.

Author: Shannon 1121
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
“We’re experiencing a high level of calls right now. You’re currently caller number 3” 20minutes later… “You’re currently caller number 2”. These people got longer on the phone than you get in actual appointments 🤣
