Practice: EARLS COURT SURGERY
Canonical code: E87750
Postcode: SW5 9JA
Google Maps title: Earls Court Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Earls+Court+Surgery/@51.4888006,-0.1944302,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760f8bdeb4caaf:0x262147f6547eb145!8m2!3d51.4887973!4d-0.1918499!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3d2y8_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87750-earls-court-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Claire
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I would recommand avoiding Dr Emiliani for any mental health related issues, as she has expressed very outdated opinions and was very dismissive and lacking knowledge and empathy.

Author: Hosna Sahra
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had a very disappointing experience with this GP surgery and feel it’s important to share it. There is a clear lack of understanding and care for patients. The systems they use are extremely outdated. If you need your own medical history, you are required to fill out paper forms by hand, and then charged £30 for it. Even worse, they do not accept bank transfers or card payments — you have to attend in person and pay £30 in cash, which feels completely unreasonable in today’s world. The information I needed was minimal — just a few basic questions for my external doctor. Other GP practices are able to provide medical records quickly and electronically, but this surgery seems to be operating far behind modern standards. I was registered with this GP for three years. Thankfully, I’ve been healthy enough not to need frequent visits, but on the few occasions I did attend, my experience was always negative. The reception staff were consistently rude and showed little care or empathy towards patients. Overall, this practice feels outdated, unorganized, and lacking basic patient care. I would not recommend it. I wish I had a choice to give them 0 star.

Author: Caroline B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This place always makes me laugh, in the negative way. The receptionists are so rude and have a strange attitude every single time. If it wasn’t as close to my home as it is, I would never go here. Oh, they only take cash in case you need to pay for a flu vaccine. They don’t even tell you that on the phone or how much the vaccine is going to cost. I’ve just accepted every visits there’s going to be something.

Author: Unchie P
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would give 0 stars if i could. Dr Emiliani or whatever her name is is absolutely useless. Avoid at all costs.

Author: Sami Ali Adib
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sami Ali Adib9 reviews · 1 photo7 months ago

Author: Haochuan Zhang
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Esayu was very warm and welcoming. Calmed me down during the consultation. Thanks!

Author: fredrick Duwayi-Odaro
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic, coupled with professionalism.

Author: Dylan Caspar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Booked a phone appointment for a prescription for managing my disability and was told I needed to come in person. Booked an in person appointment over the phone. I show up for my in person appointment later that week only to be told no appointment had been booked.

Author: Gabriele Virbickaite
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I tried to book an appointment couple of times. The receptionist is the most unhelpful. Person literally lying and laughing of you. Would never recommend this surgery.

Author: Emanuela Ciaccio
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I've spent MONTHS feeling sick, trying to explain that something was wrong due the constant pain. I gave calls several times trying to get the prescription for my medication or just trying to convince the doctor to make me do some analysis .. I went there in person and both of the receptionists were laughing,because I was asking for a prescription(crying ). I needed within the day after ( I couldn't work without) just to manage the symptoms , obviously they kept laughing saying"it's not my concern, you have to wait your doctor's answer". ... I've been waiting 2weeks!!!!!! So, I've almost convinced myself that was related to the mind as the doctor said.. I haven't had one day without pain for 8 months!! No sleep from 4 am for months no stop! So I just wanted to say thank you,I'll end up to have a surgery now.. I finally know what I have, I could avoid that getting the right meds in advance!
