Practice: THE FORELAND MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: E87706
Postcode: W11 4EP
Google Maps title: Foreland Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Foreland+Medical+Centre/@51.5131077,-0.2155688,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760fdfc73e331d:0xff6ed4f4d67af477!8m2!3d51.5131044!4d-0.2129885!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6gnm41?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87706-the-foreland-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: steve wilson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wow such an amazing doctors , they actually really care Honestly if I did not have the care of Dr Surpal I wouldn't be alive today and a big THANK YOU to the amazing reception staff who are professional, caring and diligent THANK YOU ALL

Author: Clive Williams
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
I've been a patient for over 20 years and have never had a negative experience. Getting an appointment is easy and I've always received a call-back when asked for. I've found the receptionists to have a direct, no nonsense attitude, some "sensitive" patients may misconstrue this as rudeness. Regarding test results, the surgery will call you if "something of note" is found otherwise check them yourself on the NHS app.

Author: Nehad Mallah
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is seriously the best GP I have been to. The receptionists are all so lovely and helpful. The doctors are very caring and kind and take their time when speaking to me and my family. I would give 10 stars if I had the option to. Thank you for an amazing service. NM

Author: Richard Loncraine
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It would be hard to meet more kind and helpful people than the ladies who work at this medical centre. I’m sure they are overworked as most people in the NHS are. All I can tell you is you would never know it from their interaction with their patients. Thank you ladies. Richard

Author: Angela Davis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Is caring, responsive and there to help always.

Author: Sidra Saeedzada
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had several bad experiences with the reception staff at this GP practice. They are often rude and unhelpful when patients try to book appointments, showing little empathy or patience. There have also been repeated problems with prescriptions not being sent to pharmacies on time. On one occasion, I was told the pharmacy’s system was down, but this turned out not to be true — the prescription simply hadn’t been sent from the practice. This kind of dishonesty and lack of accountability is really disappointing. Communication from the practice is also very poor. Patients rarely get updates about their health or test results unless they keep calling back themselves. It shouldn’t take multiple phone calls just to get basic information. Overall, the standard of service and professionalism here needs serious improvement. Patients deserve to be treated with respect and to trust that their prescriptions and care are handled properly.

Author: Suzanne Sweeney
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very happy with the service I receive from Foreland Medical Centre. Dr Sirpal is incredible and her assistant Surbani goes above and beyond in every given situation to assist even whilst extremely busy. I have always found the reception staff and nurses to be helpful and caring.

Author: Mary Harris
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a lovely practice, right opposite Grenfell Tower. I have been with them for 25 years through all local problems and they remain local and cheerful.

Author: Jill
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting..not helpful not caring..treating me like I'm not important at 82 years old..so upset.. HORRIBLE..I don't feel supported in any way

Author: Somaya Mahgoub
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Sirpal is absolutely amazing!! She is so helpful and so caring and always goes the extra mile to make sure that both my mum and dad are looked after and treated well. She possesses a combination of fantastic clinical competence, strong communication skills and a patient-centered approach. She is very knowledgeable, empathetic with all of my parents medical problems. She treats my parents with respect and compassion, tailoring care to their needs and preferences. Always manages effective resources, ensuring efficient and timely care. The reception staff are absolutely lovely. Always being patient with all of my questions and queries and always being super helpful. Thank you so much Dr Sirpal and Foreland Medical Centre reception staff for all of your help and care.
