Practice: SRIKRISHNAMURTHY HARROW ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: E87751
Postcode: W10 4NJ
Google Maps title: Health Centre 574 Harrow Road
Google rating: 4.3
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Health+Centre+574+Harrow+Road/@51.5263292,-0.2080536,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487610174704dbc1:0x1210e5b4e80dd6b3!8m2!3d51.5263259!4d-0.2054733!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td37qmj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/E87751-srikrishnamurthy-harrow-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: kamaal hHashi
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good GP. Names is wrong

Author: Issy’s kitchen blogs
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great place, Best GP!!! I always go with a list of problems and the doctor always asks me to go thorugh them one by one and he takes great thought into what can help.I am very fortunate to have such a caring doctor like Dr Remedios,he shows great care and concern for all paitients.The people at the reception are welcoming and the nurses like Nancy and Justna always make you feel comfortable. It is a great suegery with great people Thank you for all the hard work you all put in and all the best (Israa)

Author: Suhail Mansoor
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Krishna served our community with incredible dedication for many years and was truly an exceptional GP. His compassionate professionalism and genuine care for his patients set a very high standard and he will always be remembered with great appreciation by so many families, including mine. After his retirement, we were naturally very concerned about who will take over such an important role. Dr Simon Remedios not only took over the role he has continued that high standard of care and he has truly elevated the practice. He is an outstanding doctor who listens carefully, shows real concern for his patients, genuine compassion and he ensures that every patient feels heard and supported, his knowledge, dedication and calm reassuring manner gives patients great confidence that they are receiving the very best care possible. Dr Remedios has also introduced improvement to the structure and organisation of the practice, creating a more modern, efficient and forward thinking environment while still maintaining the warm and patient focused approach. For that we are very grateful and feel highly appreciated. We feel extremely fortunate and blessed to have an excellent GP, along with wonderful practice staff nurse, Justna, Nancy and in the reception. Mohammed, Jannat, Paje, Faisal and many others whose names I may have not have mentioned individually, all working together as a dedicated team serving our community. I would also like to mention a wonderful former practice nurse (Penny),who had to move out of London due to family commitments. Even though she is no longer based here, it is reassuring to know that she still continues to work, support and help the surgery. I would like to say thank you to everyone at the practice for your hard work, kindness and commitment for providing truly outstanding care. God bless you all.

Author: Suhail Mansoor
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Krishna served our community with incredible dedication for many years and was truly an exceptional GP. His compassionate professionalism and genuine care for his patients set a very high standard and he will always be remembered with great appreciation by so many families, including mine. After his retirement, we were naturally very concerned about who will take over such an important role. Dr Simon Remedios not only took over the role, he has continued that high standard of care and he has truly elevated the practice. He is an outstanding doctor who listens carefully, shows real concern for his patients, genuine compassion and he ensures that every patient feels heard and supported, his knowledge, dedication and calm reassuring manner gives patients great confidence that they are receiving the very best care possible. Dr Remedios has also introduced improvement to the structure and organisation of the practice, creating a more modern, efficient and forward thinking environment while still maintaining the warm and patient focused approach. For that we are very grateful and feel highly appreciated. We feel extremely fortunate and blessed to have an excellent GP, along with wonderful practice staff nurse Justna, Nancy and in the reception Mohammed, Jannat, Paje, Aaya, Faisal and many others whose names I may have not have mentioned individually, all working together as a dedicated team serving our community. I would also like to mention a wonderful former practice nurse (Penny),who had to move out of London due to family commitments. Even though she is no longer based here, it is reassuring to know that she still continues to work, support and help the surgery. I would like to say thank you to everyone at the practice for your hard work, kindness and commitment for providing truly outstanding care. God bless you all.

Author: John Kent Anto
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
John Kent Anto3 weeks ago New

Author: S B
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I usually have positive experiences with my GP surgery,from clinicians to reception staff. They are courteous, professional and well mannered. Unfortunately my recent interaction with their new receptionist was disappointing. I was 1st in the que and my call was answered after 25 minutes. There was no apology for the delay. When I mentioned the long wait, the receptionist disputed it and responded with an arrogant attitude, he said he had just received the call. I mentioned I have evidence( screenshots). When I mentioned what if it was NHS England on the phone, he abruptly asked for patient details, instead of acknowledging the concern. This experience was out of character for the surgery, as other staff usually provide much better standard of service . If it wasn't for this interaction, this surgery otherwise deserve 5 star.

Author: Wais Saraj
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist is always dishonest when it comes to appointment bookings when you call there's always a miscommunication next time I I visit. I'll request for everything to be put down on paper

Author: Mr P
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This has been my families surgery for nearly 40 years, with Dr. Srikrishnamurty and his team having looked having looked after both my parents and myself with impeccable expertise

Author: Elaine Webber
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Elaine Webber10 months ago

Author: abdul khalique
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with dr Krishna since 1988 to present the best doctor in the in the area he is always in point chasing up missed appointments all the time
