Practice: CHURCH LANGLEY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: F81078
Postcode: CM17 9TG
Google Maps title: Church Langley Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 238
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Church+Langley+Medical+Practice/@51.7676845,0.1301643,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8997d13c72ab7:0xe18cfc1cad51cad9!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8997d7463b931:0xeca5a49adef5d80b!8m2!3d51.7676812!4d0.1327446!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjdw4w0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81078-church-langley-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Terry Jones
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery is completely horrible dnt listen to anything I said they also killed my late wife after they misdiagnosing her saying she had chest infection over the phone without doing there correct job

Author: Britanny Gjoka
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP practice is one of the worse ones. They always running late. The receptionist people are always so rude. They can’t never help. They just there to treat people rude. Worse place ever. They always take too long to see you.

Author: Lukasz Wojciechowicz
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception staff at this clinic were surprisingly unprofessional and dismissive. Instead of offering help and guidance, they came across as arrogant and uninterested in assisting patients. It’s concerning when the first point of contact in a medical setting lacks both basic knowledge and empathy. If working with patients feels like a burden, a different role would clearly be more appropriate. It’s a shame Google doesn’t allow negative stars — because this experience would deserve one.

Author: Laura Summersell
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The doctors and one receptionist are great. But i had an awful experience with one of the receptionists. I went there because of mental health and feeling suicidal, had the loveliest doctor and then I came out to such rudeness from the receptionist and then she actually slagged me off with some of the others while I was standing there because I thought I had to wait but they was going to call me and I said to her that I had to go now so would they call and she said yea they were anyway and I said oh I thought I had to wait then she started saying to the others did anyone tell her to wait and they said no and I said the doctor did then she said to the other receptionist you talk to her, I ain’t talking to her and I wasn’t rude about anything at all. I was only telling her I had to go. Left there feeling so suicidal and serious anxiety and questioning myself if I done something wrong then found the Facebook page that had a hole post about how rude she is and then reviews here saying it. I didn’t get the medication I need and I’m in a terrible state because of her

Author: Run Away Bravely
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Utterly useless, pretty sure you need to take classes to be as unhelpful as the receptionists. Never call back and always lose paperwork. Can't wait to transfer to a better surgery.

Author: Corinne
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What shall I say about Dr Kuti. A cruel unhelpful rude uncaring GP. Mr Kuti you held a phone call with my daughter today 8th December, she has been very unwell so unwell that she has been in and out of hospital recently and needs a certificate to stay off work. You broke the Health professional rules totally by not treating my daughter with the respect she expects. Diversity is one of the areas that a GP has to respect. If you don’t ring and apologise to my Daughter I will take this further. We have nurses and health professionals in our family and the way you spoke to her was extremely unprofessional. Dr Kuti you know who my daughter is don’t you.

Author: Elsa Brooks
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Calling Church Langley GP Practice in Harlow feels like interrupting the receptionist’s private mission of being annoyed at the world. The attitude starts the second she picks up the phone, like I should be grateful she even breathed in my direction. I’m literally just trying to book an appointment, not audition for “Who Can Be Spoken To Like Trash Today?” And judging by other reviews, it’s practically a group activity at this

Author: Patrick O'Brian
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Todays vist to Church Langley medical center was excellent appointment on time ,Lisa was very kind and caring said she would call later in day after update from doctor and she did.Much improved all-round experience

Author: Sarah Martin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Now, I can't say all the receptionists are unprofessional and rude here, I do believe there are some professional people working there, but I did have the unpleasant experience of encountering a rather abrupt, unhelpful, unpleasant, unkind, loud, argumentative, unempthetic receptionist. It was an extremely unpleasant experience on my part. I was only asking for some clarification and some help over appointment issues. The receptionist in question seemed to be becoming rather frustrated with me even though I was just asking normal, general questions, she then gave me unsolicited advice about how I should manage my families appointments. I am a healthcare professional myself, and I work in a busy hospital environment, there would be a variety of complaints against me if I spoke to my patients in the same manner. I believe some further professional training would not go amiss here, especially considering the amount of complaining reviews here that target the same subject, as a general manager of a practice, you should be taking these quite seriously. This kind of experience makes all the staff look terrible. Fortunately, the health care assistant helping me that day at my actual appointment was very polite, she bent over backwards to help me after my appointment, and she explained why some of the letters were on the system yet. I think it's quite important as a practice that you should look into this matter, patient care is very important, people need to feel like they're being heard, and their issues are important, to encounter such an unpleasant front of house staff member, it's very disheartening towards the trust. I really suggest there are some consequences to these actions, and that some staff members cannot go around treating patients as if they are below them or a nuisance.

Author: Kevin Green
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kevin Green4 months ago
