Practice: THE TOLLESBURY PRACTICE
Canonical code: F81076
Postcode: CM9 8RG
Google Maps title: The Tollesbury Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Tollesbury+Practice/@51.7585786,0.8283159,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d91e993f55fecb:0x222bf5b14968ea4!8m2!3d51.7585753!4d0.8308962!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc21h_dg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81076-the-tollesbury-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sue Luddington
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sue Luddington4 reviewsa month ago

Author: Lyndsey King
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good

Author: Joanne McGinity
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service when I visited the surgery today. Bailey in reception was efficient and very helpful. Dr Okon as always was attentive and caring. All very professional despite dealing with snowy weather and the internet at the pharmacy being down.

Author: Sue Filmer
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank u to all the team at Tollesbury, always so helpful, and a special thank u to Wendy, she,s a star,

Author: Lorraine Belladonna
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wonderful staff amazing doctors best surgery I’ve ever used amazing care for patients thank you, big thank you to Dr Okon for all your help and Shirley at reception

Author: Victoria McCabe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with Tollesbury surgery for many years, and often tell everyone how lucky I am. The practice has changed over time but so has the NHS, my Dr is Dr Ogaziechi and he’s the kindest most thorough doctor I’ve had. In fact all the staff there go above and beyond.

Author: Victoria Sturman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I absolutely dread phoning this surgery,I'm already in an anxious and panicking state,before I even get through. My health is not good right now like so many,so why do the receptionists,make it nigh on impossible to get help or much needed treatment. Upon calling,there is no understanding or willing to help ,there's one particular woman,who whenever I call ,interrupts,gets sarcastic,when I dare to speak up and say anything she gets a godlike complex and cuts me off. Then the surgery have the audacity to turn it around and accuse us patients of being the problem. Perhaps showing some human decency to people who are unfortunately ill or needing medical help,instead of this cold,dismissive bullish, intimidating attitude,that I'm constantly met with everytime I have the misfortune of call this surgery. Probably now,they will read this and because I've said it as it is, there will be an letter in the post from them discharging me now. If they do I'm taking it further, because of there reluctance to act immediately or even follow up on my medical conditions,their ignorance and careless attitude to the health issues I've been complaining of for many years,have been set back and even trying to enquire about a simple glucose tolerance test,the receptionist knows as Clare,no surprise,was sharp snappy,told me to look on Google and when I tried to ask if a diabetes clinic was available at this surgery,here response was,"have you actually got diabetes" This triggered me, because that's the whole point of getting the test in the first place. This is yet another example of how I am personally being treated by staff at this surgery. Unfortunately trying to register anyway else is an impossibilit and I'm too ill to be constantly stopping and starting again,my diagnosis of many things had been put of for too many decades due to the negligence and oversites and a general lack of care to their patients.

Author: Crystal Lethbridge
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
So thankful for this surgery, my old surgery were horrendous. But this one has reaffirmed my faith in doctors. The receptionists have always been nothing but helpful, polite and courteous. Thank you so much to all at tollesbury surgery.

Author: Karen Allen
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Karen Allen2 reviews2 years ago

Author: Sara Mitchell
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff here are amazing. Helpful and cheerful, even under extreme pressure with everyone needing attention. Ordering online for medication, once you get the hang of it, is quick and efficient. I know that when ringing for an appointment it can be frustrating but it's the fairest system. I have generally managed to get through. Thee pharmacy is very handy and again very helpful. I would highly recommend.
