Practice: DR GC CHAJED'S PRACTICE
Canonical code: F81025
Postcode: SS16 5AD
Google Maps title: Kingswood Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 110
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kingswood+Medical+Centre/@51.5639601,0.4620837,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8c69ab2d20b27:0xb9fd6fced20a61e3!8m2!3d51.5639568!4d0.464664!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc231f7h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81025-dr-gc-chajeds-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Becca Shaw
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Becca Shaw1 reviewa week ago New

Author: mandy hunt
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I left my surgery after 25 years the last 2 years there have been very bad, Joined Kingswood the receptionist and doctor have given me better care then I have had for years in a few hours, thank you 😊 …
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share this feedback. We are really pleased to hear that our team was able to support you and provide the level of care you deserve. Your kind words mean a great deal to both our reception and clinical staff. Kingswood Medical Centre

Author: Riya khan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good gp. Very good staff. Good nurse good midwife good doctor. Whenever I asked for an appointment for me and my children at their GP they immediately gave me and your child an appointment. very good their behavior. 🙂 …

Author: Leni Dela Cruz
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Leni Dela Cruz1 review2 months ago

Author: Saima Rashid
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered with this GP for the past six years, and the doctors themselves are good. However, the appointment system is extremely frustrating. Appointments seem to be entirely at the discretion of the receptionists. Regardless of how unwell you are, they decide whether you need to be seen or not. This system really needs serious improvement.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We are pleased to hear that you have been happy with the care provided by our doctors. We also would like to clarify that reception do not make clinical decisions. All medical appointment requests are triaged by a doctor, who reviews the information provided and decides on the most appropriate next step. This may include a same-day appointment, a routine appointment, a telephone consultation, or advice, depending on clinical need. We understand that the process can feel frustrating, particularly when you are feeling unwell, and we appreciate you raising this concern. Your feedback is important to us. Kingswood Medical Centre

Author: Kelsey Chapman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Ive had no problems untill I had a baby. There have been a few things that have got me to write this reveiw. When i got my babys birth certificate, i took it straight to the drs to verify him being registered. He got poorly 2 weeks later, at 5 weeks old. It was terrifying. I called for someone to check him. As I knew something was off. They still had not put him on the system, the lady was on annual leave. So told me to call 111 as they couldnt see him. 111 sent me to A&E. He had a minor viral infection and the weather being hot. He had a creeping temp, breathing fast and deep, mottled skin. A&E and 111 where amazing with the care and understanding. After 6hrs was sent home but to take him straight back if his breathing or temp went up. Recently. 5 months old, he had a cold and was congested for 2 weeks. Then sunday developed a cough and phlegm. I took him drs the monday. Got prescribed antibiotics and eye drops. Got told to buy piriton, calpol and nurofen. Started antibiotics monday evening. At bath i noticed two big red blotches and spotty all over his belly. Tuesday morning he had spots on one of his cheeks too. Tuesday i called drs to prescribe pirtion (Help open his airways of a night) as i could not buy it over the counter my baby is under 1, i picked it up that day. I then called 111 about the reaction, She told me shes sending my information & the call details to the drs. To call them and get a call back or appointment to be seen. I was not to give anymore medicine till his been seen. I called the drs and they gave me a call back at 1.30 as i could not have an apointment. Whilst i was waiting i went to the pharmacy to pick up piriton. I showed photos to the DR there. As he was due antibiotics soon. She asked if anyone in my family was alergic to peniciling and it was likely he was too. The drs called me back, i was reassured it wasnt a reaction to the medication or raspberrys on his belly from my partner who got a coldsore the day after. It was just being unwell. Wednesday evening his breathing became wheezy along with the other symptoms. We went to A&E. My baby is in fact allergic to peniciling and has broncilitis, did not have conjunctivitis, just watery eyes from the cough. I stopped medicine and kept an eye on him. Just a little piriton for his reaction. His getting better.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for sharing your experience. We’re sorry to hear about the concerns you had regarding your baby’s treatment and that he later required a visit to A&E. We’re glad to hear the baby is now recovering. We take any feedback seriously, and we would welcome the chance to look into this in more detail. Please contact the practice directly so we can review what happened and address any concerns you may still have. Our priority is to provide safe and consistent care, and your comments help us understand where we can improve.

Author: Nicola
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always polite and helpful, thankyou

Author: prerana bhartiya
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad experience. Hope that management takes people reviews seriously and do something..

Author: Jay Rathod
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a appointment at 10:50 and they changed our appointment time and doctor and no one informed us.we had to wait for over 35 minutes.

Author: Hilary Moore
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I have received a message today 12th August 2025 informing me of changes to appointments which comes into place in September (short notice). Appointment types will be given and graded by the triage team! No information has been given to inform us who the triage team are. Will they be Drs, nurses or reception staff? What is wrong with the current system? I have been a patient with this practice since Dr Davis (1960s) I have been able to see the Dr of my choice. I have written many positive reviews. Right now I am not feeling positive, I am nervous about how this system will work. I am concerned for all those vulnerable people who will have to trust someone to get the support they need, when they need it. I wish Dr Chajed a speedy recovery to full health. I wait in hope for a reply with more information ASAP. Many thanks
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Hilary Moore, Thank you for your message and for sharing your concerns. The move to a total triage system is not a choice by the practice but a mandatory requirement set by … More
