Practice: RIVERMEAD GATE MED.CTR.
Canonical code: F81071
Postcode: CM1 1TR
Google Maps title: Rivermead Gate Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 149
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rivermead+Gate+Medical+Centre/@51.740834,0.4705148,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8ebdee40258e5:0x18ac1ee01c89cf6c!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ebdf2e3dbf7f:0x5321b2ad9cdce571!8m2!3d51.7408307!4d0.4730951!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jkz5h8cn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81071-rivermead-gate-med-ctr.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ryan Young
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service throughout. The online form is straightforward and easy to complete, and the reception team are always friendly and helpful. They also went above and beyond by expediting a repeat prescription to ensure I had enough medication for my extended trip.

Author: Liam Colverd
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Singh was great and really helpful. Saw me straight away. Excellent service

Author: Alana Lim
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible receptionists

Author: Warren Werfelli
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
If I could give this place -2 stars I would. Receptionist is appalling, rude and downright incompetent. The environment is grubby, dreary and not a nice place to be; furthermore most lift buttons are broke. I was wrongly diagnosed today by a “paramedic” who took 4 hours to have a GP sign my prescription, which I was told would take an hour to “prepare” the prescription (how is this guy qualified to operate as a GP and prescribe medicine) so I went for a second opinion in Broomfield A&E. The GP there gave me a correct diagnosis without the need for medication, as it was viral and not bacterial. The over whelming smell of pound land cologne on the paramedic was off putting and the tone of voice of the receptionist is cringe worthy. Reception require interpersonal training on how to deal with unwell people. (It’s simple - positive, constructive and actually care about your patients) I’m changing my GP ASAP! 5 star reviews on this forum are friends of family for sure because it’s an abhorrent service. 2024 update - Unfortunately, unless we go private we’re forced to use the same doctor surgery due to our location, so here we go again. Imagine calling at 08:01 and being 24th in the queue. Wait on the phone for 17min to get to number 14 and have the line drop. Call back and you are put to the back of the queue, 24 again. The system is archaic and honestly it’s unfair! 2025 update - The surgery has improved service and has now setup an online method to book appointments. The team get back to you quickly and call you promptly. It’s nice to see the system change and improve the service. Rating as improved!

Author: fandom6 lover
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
When I did a Triage form I was referred to this surgery for medicine and appointment I tried to explain to the receptionist but she kept interrupting me and telling me to contact my surgery don't you think that's what I tried to do!. She was super rude about it. So glad I am not a paients here! Wouldn't recommend they do not hear you out!

Author: Max Anderson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude lady on the phone. Interrupting me whilst talking on the phone to explain the situation. Ok regard to care. Horrible

Author: Avinash T
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rajesh Yadav is one of the worst people I have ever seen, and unfortunately, he is a partner at this surgery 😂😂😂. Dr. Sanjiv, on the other hand, is the best doctor and a genuinely good person. If you want an appointment, ask specifically for Dr. Sanjiv Singh; otherwise, it’s better not to join this surgery.

Author: J Ash
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
J AshLocal Guide · 26 reviews3 months ago

Author: Nashe M
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Refused to give me a telephone appointment while I was away and suggested I contact another surgery closer instead knowing full well they would not take me on. The lady on the phone was rude, dismissive and had no care. She kept saying ‘what if the Doctor needs to see you in person’ which was my preference but she did not even bother attempting to book me in at all.

Author: Talia Lucas
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst surgery 😪 sorry to say but they use to be good people but now I have not one thing nice to say apart from them being unprofessional unpleasant and so dirty and wrongfully not given me adequate care and help in the right time frames . The surgery ive also speak highly off and when peopke have spoke bad of it I always use to say how well they helped me with care but now it will be taken further more then complaint I have all resources to take it further and proof so I will. This surgey will not help you spinal problems be aware .its gone down hill drastically
