Practice: LONDON ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: F81041
Postcode: SS12 0AA
Google Maps title: The London Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 96
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+London+Road+Surgery/@51.6130893,0.5168778,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8c39a55555555:0xd9789e851a4e047a!8m2!3d51.613086!4d0.5194581!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g9mzhtq7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81041-london-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Luke
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrendous response to a new mother than needed help in a vulnerable time, avoid using if possible.

Author: martin good
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Iv had so many problems at this surgery being told im abusive they hang up regularly blaming me for the abuse I receive when calling then iv waited 2years for help from them I am smi for life n they wind you up by doing the complete opposite of what you ask even making appointments you didnt ask for , exasorbating the situation by provoking mentally ill people id rate this place zero if I could

Author: joe Mclaughlin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They are the rudest most reception staff i have ever came across at a nhs surgery

Author: Richard Knight
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I arrived at the surgery today to find ALL disabled bays filled and not a single car had a blue badge. As per the signs I took photos of all the cars number plates and windscreens and took the evidence into reception where I was assured it would be passed to the practice manager. Upon leaving I saw one of the culprits was getting in their car so I just politely told her that she was being reported, her reply. ‘Oh, it’s ok. I work here’ I went straight back in to the surgery and asked to speak with the practice manager, the reception manager came to speak to me. She didn’t even apologise and here is a list of excuses she came up with Some little oik broke our barrier Those bays used to be staff parking The car park is not manned Our normal spaces are big I requested that every car blocking a disabled bay receives a fine as per the signage. I find it absolutely disgusting that disabled bays are being blocked by staff members that are there all day, denying access to a much needed dr surgery to elderly or disabled patients. This has to STOP. I understand the car park is small and busy but staff members should seek alternative parking instead of blocking disabled bays. On the plus side the GP’s that work there have always been really good with me and have really helped to manage my various conditions and medications I have included the pics of the number plates and windscreens of all the offending cars I will also be contacting parking eye directly and reporting this to my MP

Author: Ryan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You go to the doctor's to seek the help you need, but this GP only made my problems worse. They don't call you when they say they're going too, they don't sign off your prescriptions or fit notes. This GP has only made my mental health worst through the trouble they've caused me after months of them trying to convince me on medication I didn't want to do. They don't listen to your needs and they want you out the door in 2 minutes. Disgusting they call themselves doctors honestly. Our health care system is a scam, and they keep us I'll to make money off us. Wake up people

Author: simon Monika
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
simon Monika3 months ago

Author: Bryony Shaw
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not go to this surgery! They told my partner to pick up a pamphlet when they expressed they were suicidal, they tried to dose them up on morphine when they have kidney and liver problems and made them cry. They have autism and a speech impediment and this really damaged their mental health and their physical health and he refused to treat the chronic issues my partner has. The doctor was incredibly volatile and rude and scared my partner. Do not go here if you value your health. It is horrendous and I am even more scared for my partner than before they went.

Author: kev pomroy
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang today as after genuinely trying my best with the new booking system ( triage i think its called) i found myself going round in ever decreasing circles. All i wanted was to see a nurse but was confronted with a condescending wall of rudeness and arrogance from the receptionist being told " well 50 other people have used the system this morning"! and i would have to if i wanted an appointment! We all know the best thing that ever happened to a doctors surgery was covid, they quite rightly changed their working practices during those dark times however they havent bothered to change them back since! I'll just take a couple of paracetamol and shut up, wouldntwant to disturb the receptionist!!

Author: Claire Devey
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been to lots of different doctors and this has been one of the best. The reception staff are always very friendly and although it can be difficult to get an appointment (have to call at 8am), I’ve always managed to get one especially if it is for our children which they treat as a priority. The doctors / nurses are lovely and you don’t feel rushed in the appointment.

Author: Will Cracknell-Hill
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible, had to spam with emails to get a response. Non caring doctors and practice
