Practice: THE ELIZABETH COURTAULD SURGERY
Canonical code: F81068
Postcode: CO9 1EX
Google Maps title: Elizabeth Courtauld Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 124
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Elizabeth+Courtauld+Surgery/@51.9422476,0.6307894,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+ELIZABETH+COURTAULD+SURGERY+CO9+1EX!3m8!1s0x47d8f964ceadcd33:0x90b4042b0cbc9fae!8m2!3d51.9422476!4d0.635553!9m1!1b1!15sCidUSEUgRUxJWkFCRVRIIENPVVJUQVVMRCBTVVJHRVJZIENPOSAxRVhaKSIndGhlIGVsaXphYmV0aCBjb3VydGF1bGQgc3VyZ2VyeSBjbzkgMWV4kgEGZG9jdG9ymgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVU42Ym1SRGMwcFJFQUXgAQD6AQQIABBE!16s%2Fg%2F11c1n7q24p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81068-the-elizabeth-courtauld-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Katy Munday
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always a quick response, the friendly, very helpful doctors receptionist, I’ve ever spoken to. Well done to all of you.

Author: Jo Hoxby
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved to the area recently and so far have had really good experiences with this surgery. Reception staff that I've spoken to are really friendly and helpful. Nurses are really thorough. And they have chased me up for a review, which my previous surgery never did. It was always left to me to remember and arrange. Very happy with the service so far.

Author: kira-jade edwards
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently visited the surgery for a corticosteroid injection, and I can honestly say it was the best experience. Dr. Ruth Ashidam was exceptionally kind, and her colleagues were equally wonderful. Together, they formed such a caring team, providing brilliant support before, during, and after the procedure. The injection itself was completely pain-free, which speaks volumes about the skill and attentiveness of the team. I would also like to extend my thanks to the reception staff, who were so helpful in arranging my appointment and ensuring everything went smoothly. Thank you all for the outstanding care — I truly felt looked after every step of the way.

Author: Melanie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
As everytime i submit a appointment request i just keep getting texts saying they've tried to call but no missed calls its really annoying as everyone else gets through fine.

Author: Diane Edwards
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Diane Edwards8 reviews3 months ago

Author: Lisette Skeet
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
With ptsd earlier this year, I was well treated.

Author: Samantha Cousland
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Samantha Cousland2 reviews6 months ago

Author: Shabby Suzannah
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After a phone call yesterday answered by a receptionist (obviously) we asked if a nurse was available (in the absence of a consultation with a GP) she said that if a script was required the nurse wouldn’t be able to write one (not true as they would ask a doctor to sign the script) and she suggested going to the nearest “emergency room” but she didn’t know where the nearest one is 😳, we asked if she meant A&E - for us 18 or 25 miles. I wanted to see a nurse as they absolutely rock but the first appointment was on 11 September, so I filled in the triage on line form this morning at 8am and at 8.15am received a text with a 9am appointment. I saw a paramedic who was seriously knowledgable and competent and my injury has been attended to. I have been with this surgery since 1985, unfortunately the town and outlying villages are enduring a massive influx of newbies and it seems blatantly clear that this surgery is not big enough to cope with the massive load that is being asked of them. They are good, talented and hard working people whose work load has increased immensely. Also newcomers to the area who are employed really need to gain local geographical knowledge really quickly imo. Not knowing the area does not inspire confidence.

Author: Angela
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is no treatment, they only listen to complaints. They can prescribe a blood test and a cardiogram, say that everything is fine. If the pressure and cholesterol are high, they prescribe pills, but they do not know how to treat more serious problems (I have been suffering from severe pain in my legs for 3 months, numbness in my hip, they prescribed painkillers and that's it!) my leg is not getting better, but the pain is only getting worse. I am on sick leave. There are problems at work, and I am limited in my work because of the pain.

Author: Drone Meister
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wow dropped of a prescription for a relative today - I come from London and have never seen such a run down building used as a surgery - when speaking to people they all seem to say the practice is badly managed. Shame for a growing town. Maybe in need of new direction surely a little TLC on the building and grounds is the least you could do
