Practice: WEST MERSEA SURGERY
Canonical code: F81012
Postcode: CO5 8RA
Google Maps title: The Mersea Island Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Mersea+Island+Practice/@51.7785352,0.9167548,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d91a309992b3e3:0x512956c14b4a2686!8m2!3d51.7785319!4d0.9193351!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F113f9bld4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81012-west-mersea-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sharon Stenhouse
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The doctors have been so helpful, caring and informative. Contact with the receptionist is always polite, professional and empathetic. Yes you have to call at 8am and wait in a queue but usually not too long. I have always had an appointment the same day.

Author: Robert Burns-Green
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only comment on my own experience of Mersea Island Medical Practice. I have never had problems obtaining a Doctor’s appointment. Yes, you have to play the telephone lottery, but this is now the same process at all surgeries. The front of house staff have never been anything other than extremely knowledgeable and helpful. I have to deal with other Doctors’ surgeries in my job and can say that compared to other local surgeries we are very lucky. The receptionists do an incredibly difficult job and work extremely hard. I and my family have always been extremely well looked after. In my personal opinion the GP Partners are all excellent. Colchester GH can be extremely hit-and-miss. If you’re lucky you get a very good Doctor, but I’ve experienced some dreadful ones too. Yes, personal experience I know but I think they do an incredibly difficult and stressful job and deserve our appreciation.

Author: Barbara Scully
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never have a problem making apptments and find doctors and staff very helpful. They are doing difficult job!

Author: Kevin Norris
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
For 3 consecutive months issues with repeat prescription. 2 months item missing. Third month that appears and another doesn;t appear because not added to batch. Remedy is the patient writes name address and prescription item on a piece of paper with the words add to batch and posts it in the physical letterbox becuase prescriptions arent handled over the phone. So incredibly inefficent and no audit trail for pieces of paper. Updated with most recent experience which was good. 23rd in call queue made my heart sink but within 10 mins had an appointment and the doctor was thorough and professional. So today 5 stars, but averaging to 3 based on history. Three years on and if anything the service is worse. I am on medication for life and in the last 3 years this has been renewed automatically after a 6 monthly review. The review has happened, no automatic renewal, so no prescription at boots. Phoned the surgery to ask why it hasnt been renewed and told I need to request it. But not over the phone. They need it on a physical piece of paper, but of course cant print this off themselves.I have to write my name , D.O.B and the words please renew my medication on a piece of paper and physically put this in a repeat prescriptions box at the surgery. Appalling. Thankfully the members of staff I spoke to today were helpful and polite and situation resolved Having moved to Mersea in late December, I registered online on29th December -a process which took some time due to all of the information required ( medical history current & previous addresses, family medical history , medication etc. Today I attended with photo id to be handed paper forms to fill in and register. A quick glance revealed it was the same information. No explanation why the online, which they had, wasnt sufficient. I filled them in outside the practice and handed them in. No explanation or apology but a terse 2 weeks to get registered and will have to contact my old gp for repeat prescriptions until then. Inefficient and unfriendly

Author: Jools Healy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My partner is trying to obtain his antidepressant medication before we go on holiday tomorrow. The receptionist told him that as he didn’t attend a review appointment in June he can’t have them. Mersea Island Doctors; never, ever refuse anti depressant medication. It is now normal practice for an emergency supply to be given by a pharmacist. No one must ever be point blank refused anti depressant medication due to a missed appointment. It could literally be the difference between life and death. Educate yourselves and your receptionists on mental health now and do better.

Author: Sandonboy
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Treat service users badly and do not provide services that the government website says they must provide

Author: Owen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor communications, uncaring attitude from reception, Doctors seem to care more about DNRs than treating conditions. This practise is in need of a radical shakeup and improvement

Author: Jill Clark
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called surgery 8.00 a.m., 16th in the queue, phone answered within 10 minutes, 09.40 appointment regarding worrying skin lesion. Referral appointment for next week received by mid-day! Thank you so much for such quick service. I luckily use the surgery infrequently so am very grateful.

Author: Robin Watts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
What can I I say !!! I have this week had to have a urgent consultation with the Dr. I was at the surgery at 7.45, received an appointment for 8.30am. Had a long consultation with Dr Elamin Marwa. Blood tests etc arranged, went to walk in centre and had those done by 9.25am. My Dr advised that full results would be back by Friday. Today I received a call at 10.24 from Dr Elamin Marwa, thankfully advising me of a All Clear !!!! What a fantastic Dr and service ! Private could not have been better . Amazing, I'm speechless. Thank you all so much. Rob Watts.

Author: Leah mole
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Attended doctors, doctor was not sympathetic at all, she seemed like she didn’t want to be there and did not care about her patients. She told me she would write me a sick note and send it over and send medication to pick up from the pharmacy, both straight after the appt. The next day I had to chase the sicknote which she did not send to me. I also attended the pharmacy who told me she had not even sent over the prescription. I had to call back the doctors and another doctor had to send over a prescription for me to collect. Awful service.
