Practice: NORTH AVENUE SURGERY
Canonical code: F81176
Postcode: SS2 4EQ
Google Maps title: North Avenue Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 51
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/North+Avenue+Surgery/@51.5466816,0.7325615,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8d8679f88c049:0x28263064c0906e56!8m2!3d51.5466783!4d0.7351418!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4bxy3p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81176-north-avenue-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chrissy Clark
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
What sort of surgery is this my son phoned in the morning saying he is in so much pain and pissing blood all they said is the dr will ring u and he phoned in the afternoon and got the same the dr will ring u did he ring NO and now it's the weekend Disgusting 😡 …

Author: Zoe Draws
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had my blood taken by Claire and I’m not bothered by needles or anything but truthfully I could barely feel her hand on my arm let alone the needle. Such a lovely lady who cares for what she does. And excellent bedside manner.I also have family that go to this surgery and they all say the same thing. I understand there are strains on the nhs across the board and that’s only getting harder, recently appointments have been changed to be made online that isn’t a surgery thing that’s for all gp’s. (Tho I do fully understand this could be tricky for the older generation… I feel for them a lot) but all appointments I’ve requested in recent months have been addressed within the same day. Very accommodating, the surgery is clean and calm

Author: Shuaa Ajmal
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have a very pleasant experience with the North avenue surgery. GP's are kind . The receiptist Sarah is very kind and helpful. She is always up for help .

Author: Benjamin Woodhouse
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible place still waiting for results from my emergency ultrasound was told to ring my GP to get results on Monday because u got a roulette trying to get on there website as it's only open for 2 hours.. there are 4 receptionists as well but none are able to get the doctor to ring me unless go on the website. And then apparently it's the doctor that reads these. So why are there 4 receptionists lol. Place is full of clowns as I still don't know my results I hope it's nothing serious but being an emergency I'm guessing it might be

Author: Hayley Clark
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is now a ad on the receptionist are missing everything there obnoxious, lazy, and think there a doctor and own the place. I'm sorry ingot asked to ring my doctors because I had an emergency ultrasound so really I need to haven't results today like the hospital said apparently I can't get this because the receptionist thinks it's ok and I have to book an appointment.... I can't do this unless I get lucky on the website so can take up too 5 days just to be able to get onto the website. There are 4 receptionists doing nothing and as I'm on the phone to the receptionist only asking if she can ask my doctor to give me a call about my results. Apparently it's to hard for them. Let's hope it's not serious... Pathetic and disgusting especially as most older people don't have smart phones so how do they get appointments. Maybe they need to stay off social media in there work hours and do there job before they hurt someone because of there incompetence.... I could give 0 stars I would my consultant from hospital asks me to book an appointment with my GP for bloods and more before my MRI scan apparently the receptionist cannot do this I have to do it online. If you go online you get told there's too many requests ring your GP. Ring back just get spoken to like a child because a receptionist cannot take appointments.... Why do they hire you then darling.

Author: Brandon C
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Probably one of the rudest and condescending receptionist around and not helpful at all such a shame cause it use to be a good doctors

Author: Carol Norton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Carol Norton5 months ago

Author: Harry Goddard
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful as I was new to the online system helped me proceed and fill the form out very good people and doctors

Author: Viv Pope
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently popped into the Surgery and the Receptionist was very polite and very helpful

Author: Vince Mitchell
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Vince Mitchell1 review · 1 photo10 months ago
