Practice: THE ROSS PRACTICE
Canonical code: F81106
Postcode: CM18 6LY
Google Maps title: The Ross Practice
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Ross+Practice/@51.7560083,0.1103725,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8994336b0713f:0x412e8715e708476b!8m2!3d51.756005!4d0.1129528!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcxnycx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81106-the-ross-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Morton
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
This new system is by far the best way forward, it gives an insight as to who really needs to see a gp and who can be assisted by text.

Author: Al Dom
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just like to say the people that work at the surgery are the most dedicated kindest people that are willing to listen and help Dr Randall Vanessa everyone at that surgery are angels they have helped me myself in a time of great need many a time and it is never too much effort this review should be taken seriously they are a fantastic surgery and that goes to all of the workers thank you so much Richie Williams

Author: Hannah Ward
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Such a shame I have been to this doctors for years and my baby is six months old took her doctors twice about a cough and illness and all she said was it was a virus then next day my baby got worse she has conjunctivitis and croup cough and blood coming out of her nose so Thankyou to the doctor that said it was just a virus your awful at your job looking at me like I was making it up my baby got rushed to ane Thankyou for not prescribing her anything when you knew it was bad yourself

Author: reyhan aksu
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been living in this area for 9 years and have been going to the same GP for the same amount of time. I understand that everyone’s experience can be different, but personally, I have never had the slightest issue. Whenever I’ve called for myself, my family, or my children, even if it wasn’t for the same day, I was always able to get an appointment at the earliest available time. I recently learned that blood tests are no longer done at the GP but at the hospital instead – I believe this is a general change. I have always been welcomed kindly by the reception staff, and I want to sincerely thank the doctors. They always listen carefully, ask questions, and try to guide me in the best way. Of course, there can be small things from time to time – for example, just yesterday we had to make a few changes to my prescription. But I completely understand that these things can happen due to how busy and exhausting the day can be. In the end, everything was sorted out, and I don't consider these a problem. I’m genuinely very happy with the care I’ve received. I hope the staff are happy working there too. Thank you again to everyone at The Ross Practice for your help and your warm smiles. Reyhan

Author: Mariya Dimitrova
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm pleased with The Ross Practice. The staff are always kind. They usually manage to find an appointment for my daughter on the same day. Тhe young doctors are excellent.

Author: Lovin Antoney
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very nice Doctor that I could fortunately see.. he investigating the reason that I contacted the GP proactively and provided apt medication and help.. better than any other GP I have witnessed

Author: Sandra Clark
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The amazing team So kind Not rushed And they listen and try their best to help Such a wonderful group of people xx

Author: Michael Rootsey
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What has happened to our NHS! Cannot get medication for a terminal illness. No telephone help whatsoever, but you can ‘try the online service’ that does not work! Over a week of trying several times, no response. Back to the consultant so that PAH can provide instead, wasting the hospital’s time as well! Useless! 🤬 …

Author: Komasa Justyna
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible experience. Nothing works there. I had to ask three times for a prescription and still haven't received it. Wasting so much time for one thing. To sort out other issues it takes ages. I feel hopeless dealing with them.

Author: Kelly Patterson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited over an hour to see a GP today. Was not even updated by receptionist that GP was running behind. Would have thought its common courtesy to keep patients informed. Especially when you’re waiting with a 2 year old!
