Practice: RANWORTH SURGERY
Canonical code: F81156
Postcode: CO15 1NJ
Google Maps title: Ranworth Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ranworth+Surgery/@51.7910317,1.1471958,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d91332db43102b:0xa543f2008facd79a!8m2!3d51.7910284!4d1.1497761!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td7g_sd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81156-ranworth-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Louise Finley
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely staff

Author: Jodie Edwards
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Argumentative members of staff. They need to communicate better between themselves so they can inform patients correctly.

Author: Cheryl Kirby
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been waiting for my sons adhd medication since September was told it was waiting to be signed off by the doctor eventually the doctor signs it I rang several times and was told it was sent to the pharmacy at the end of December go to collect it and it’s been sent out but not to any pharmacy 😡 so another trip to the pharmacy tomorrow the ladie in the pharmacy was more help than the doctors receptionist

Author: MARTIN RONALD HALL
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I been at this Surgery for years And never had need to complain until now I got learning disabilities/Mental health and way I being treated by some of staff at that Surgery is a disgrace I not aggressive I just not being understood I want say this in no way do I want make any of staff feel uncomfortable but I'm hard of hearing with learning disability and im deaf so when I try explain myself and try get answers from unjust services it not me being aggressive it me wanting to be treated fairly not be judge just because I have learning disabilities I feel my needs get push under carpet and they twist everything I say to them they make me feel it all my fault for their failure in system when you ill you expect get appointment and see a gp not go around houses and hoops to get help. sort your poor service out Ranworth for sake of your patient because a lot of people are suffering and it not fair on us also may I add also when go to appointments plese stop with Gaslightings your vulnerable patients it demonising and upsetting on top of trying work out why i got these ailments. You professional not me and should make patients feel better and get to bottom of situation not make things worse Just because you snowed under ans busy it not patients fault You go on about abusiveness all time but all this surgery does is gaslight and contribute to unfairness off the nhs service. Im sick of it what Ranworth clearly dont understand that when you deaf you naturally speak loud it not being abusive when you are hard of hearing so less assuming and get know why the patients is in a state before coming up with 4. It's demonising

Author: Katrina Batchelor
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice place

Author: TERRY PELLOWE
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently moved home which also required change of medical practice so chose Ranworth Surgery which was part of the group as the Caradoc Surgery Frinton which we found to be Excelent. The transfer was very quick so we were very happy. We encounter a few issue's re -Prescriptions which unfortunately I have many so after 2 repeat prescription problems I had short supplies which could not continue. The pharmacist contacted Ranworth Surgery, I also visited the Surgery and spoke to a kind Receptionist Nina, who fully understood the problem and went through all the issues which partly not transfered from my previous surgery. Nina also promised she would speak to colleagues to correct the problems. I have received a call from Nina the same day advising all problems have been resolved. I thank Nina and all at the Ranworth Surgery for a quick conclusion to this problem. To all at Ranworth Surgery. Thankyou Terry

Author: Ajmeri Dhaval
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If your GP is quite far it’s fine but don’t use this. This is good for nothing. Trust me

Author: Nina Russell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Once again, this team of friendly (a rare find these days) efficient (even rarer find) of receptionists were their usual helpful ,friendly and efficient selves. Keep it up, it's SO refreshing to be spoken like an adult. A team to be proud of!

Author: Sudhir chauhan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sudhir chauhan3 reviews · 1 photoa year ago

Author: Helen Mowle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Helen Mowle1 reviewa year ago
