Practice: ROCKLEIGH COURT SURGERY
Canonical code: F81102
Postcode: CM15 8NN
Google Maps title: Rockleigh Court Doctors Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rockleigh+Court+Doctors+Surgery/@51.6302146,0.3242513,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8bee334bd7af7:0x935018c432262193!8m2!3d51.6302113!4d0.3268316!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxqb2tb_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81102-rockleigh-court-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jan A
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Booking an appointment is a nightmare with this GP, always 4 weeks wait, all online, doesn't make any sense, you feel that whole system wants you to go to private health care

Author: Robbie B
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
hae to jump through hoops and try and use a 8-5 online system to get a doctor's appointment. If you phone for urgent appointment, one of receptionists very rude and condescending. Problems with repeat prescriptions - Hope to transfer to different surgery that treat patients with respect

Author: Jennifer Anderson
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Regrettably the new booking system is awful. I don't like having even more information on the internet which is open to hacking. Yes it was a pain to phone at 8 and hold for a long time but this is so impersonal. I hate it

Author: John
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reading the reviews I must say my experience of this surgery is quite different. Firstly, I find their online booking form to be straightforward and short. This is compared to the Beechwood Surgery booking form which is interminably long and repetitive. After filling out the RC booking form I have always found that I am contacted in pretty short order by the reception team. Never once have I needed to chase. When you do get to see a Doctor and I’ve had no problems seeing one face to face, they have no hesitation in referrals or diagnostic tests. I recently was at the surgery as I needed to see Jasmine the clinical pharmacist. She was incredibly helpful and was kind enough to go through some recent blood test results with me. Credit where it’s due and having seen at close hand how RC compares to Beechwood, RC wins hands down. The chemist downstairs is utterly useless however and I have had to change to Day Lewis in Warley who are a millions time better.

Author: Mark Georgiou
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery has gone down hill fast, trying to book an appointment online because they no longer take bookings on the phone, absolute drama. Repeat prescription requests not sent to pharmacy, contacted about the same thing many times, the list goes on. Terrible service.

Author: matthew pecoraro
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
matthew pecoraroLocal Guide · 20 reviews2 months ago

Author: Ali R
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Edited Dec 2025 to reduce rating from 2 stars to 1. The decline in service at Rockleigh Court continues. Rated low for poor accessibility to the service, poor responsiveness to issues and complaints, and decreasing standard of service. GPs are mixed in quality and bedside manner, and there always seems to be someone new; the age of the family doctor is truly dead. Increasingly difficult to get to see a GP rather than a nurse or pharmacist. Receptionists also very mixed - some super helpful and couldn't be nicer, a couple who are difficult and obstructive. The near-impossibility of getting an appointment has worsened with the introduction of Accur-x which leaves you waiting for hours to find out whether you might get a same day appointment, and there are continuing waits of 3+ weeks for standard appointments. Having been a patient for over 40 years from childhood, it's turned from a family practice where the doctors knew you to yet another anonymous, churn 'em through doctors surgery that makes it feel a dreaded challenge every time you need an appointment.

Author: Anna
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unprofessional behaviour The surgery has treated me dismissively. Over the past weeks, I have been calling to obtain a service that was cancelled and never reinstated, even though the consultant wrote to the surgery confirming that the service is required. This cancellation resulted from the medical staff’s incompetence and unprofessional behaviour, and it has negatively affected my health. Additionally, the practice manager has been avoiding me despite messages being left for them.

Author: Eleanor Clark
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
One of the nicest doctors surgeries I’ve been a patient of. The staff are all lovely, especially the receptionists who will go out of their way to help you.

Author: hayley bliss
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
What a lovely experience from one of the doctors yesterday. He was so pleasant and caring and even went out of his way to give me a call to give me my results. He was very considerate, like doctors used to be. Thank you!! This is very unusual and you don’t really get that service nowadays. I’ve always found the reception staff very pleasant. It’s not their fault that the appointments go quickly but they’ve always been polite and go out of their way to be helpful.
