Practice: COMMONWEALTH HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: F81206
Postcode: RM18 7RB
Google Maps title: Commonwealth Health Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Commonwealth+Health+Centre/@51.4622135,0.3603413,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8b6306af336a3:0x727190ab396abe21!8m2!3d51.4622102!4d0.3629216!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjz76dr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81206-commonwealth-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Beth cooper
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
this has to be the worst doctors surgery ever. starting a claim for negligence. happily perscribed for 5 years untill one day they " decide" not to. no discussion no care plan . wrote notes that were completely different to my discussions with them . never follow through with referrals. left me over 18 months without a diabetic review . rude practice managers and receptionists . ignored my pleas for help with pain and were just concerned about thier reputation for prescribing pain meds and treated me like I was some sort of addict. demeaning . now trying to cope with agonising pain from rhemotoid arthritis and withdraws from the sudden cut in pain meds. disgusting. you cant get another doctor in the area because they own every surgery . thankfully ive moved and got the help I needed. but will be making serious complaints regarding one doctor in particular olufemi.. who firstly perscribed me monjuoro and told me to keep taking meds i wasnt supposed to. suddenly got a text saying not to take them and a call making excuses for his neglegence saying oh its just that you dont need to take those meds when on monjouro ! then when trying to explain i had a care plan with another doctor he told me tough and he "wasnt going to be a part of it" and hung up !!! no refferals for rhemaotology no help and the utter negligence for 5 years under thier care. My son on epilepsy meds has never been reviewed once !! has since found out (after another gp DID review him he has diabeties) my other son with asthma kept having his reviews cancelled. and has finally after changing GPs got help with his significant disabilities they ignored for years. since moving my new GP could not understand why they cut my medication like they did. when I told them I was told I had the "highest ever amount of pain meds" they were shocked because 6 x daily IS NOT unusal! and I needed to see rhemotoldgy . so finally I have the help I need. if you want abuse and to be treated like some sort of dead beat addict because your on pain meds regiester here !!!

Author: Andrew O'neill
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Andrew O'neill2 months ago

Author: Olga Zaborowska
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’m with Commonwealth Health centre around 2 years, from the beginning I was happy of the service, but since they employ young lady, I’m not very happy when she is on reception, she is arrogant and no patient, she make bad atmosphere.

Author: Richard Lawson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just wanted to say a big thankyou to Carol. She sorted my medication out this morning as I've been having problems with asda pharmacy. She contacted essex pharmacy to see if they could get my quetiapine it's all been sorted out. Thank you teresa

Author: Opeoluwa Taiwo
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We have been patients at this surgery for over 16years and have never had any issues until l was attended by a receptionist named Tayo (refused to give her surname) in June 2025. She was extremely rude, unhelpful and abrupt. Having been in the care profession for many years, l can say that this girl should never be in this role. This role is meant for people who are caring , good communicators and compassionate which clearly Tayo isn’t and she should not be fronting the GP surgery as a result of her bad attitude. Giving one star for the past fantastic service.

Author: Bunmi Alamu
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went in for a routine test and was seen by nurse Emma. She was incredibly knowledgeable, patient and kind. It was my first time and she was very gentle and personable. Even the person at reception was very friendly and kind. Would highly recommend this practice staff.

Author: turgut erol
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don’t think surgery rate it fairly only bean there couple of months and I find them extremely professional and caring for there patients I am very happy with them

Author: Joanne Lowe
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Total joke! called surgery to make an appointment as have severe knee pain only to be told to make appointment online. Did this and was supposed to get call from dr on Thursday before 6.30. Didnt get a call and had to go on the confirmation email go on the link to send a reminder to them! Was told would get a call on friday and still didn't get a call and had to send another reminder! Couldn't call surgery as they were closed at 6.30! This place is a total shambles & joke i called all last week for an appointment tent onlybto be told to call following g day then when I called on Monday they told me to do it online e as it's all changed! You have more chance of winning the lottery without a ticket than getting anywhere with this shambles of a surgery total joke!!!! It's now been a week since I filled in the e-consult form. No call on from them on 14 and 15th November even though sent a reminder on the link on the Thursday. Left another reminder on the Friday (15th) as had to send ANOTHER reminder and suprise suprise no call today (Monday 18th) absolute joke and the rwceptionist was no help as got told very abruptly to put another reminder on the link in the email. Absolute joke of a surgery they can't be bothered to call or help when they give you a day they're going to call it's pathetic and the receptionist needs to learn manners pathetic excuse for a surgery. I'm now going to see if I can find another surgery as when you need help with your pain they can't be bothered to call not only is it frustrating but upsetting too when you're in alot of pain. Sorry excuse for a surgery as useful as a wet paper bag!

Author: Kerry Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service this morning, been in alot of pain with my leg, had a scan Friday. I made an appointment at just gone 8am with a helpful friendly receptionist, at 8.07am a nice doctor rang me, scan results were in, issued prescription straight away. Very impressed with today's service, thank you. Unfortunately this surgery has seen alot of changes since Shehadeh himself and Steve on reception were there. There have been staff shortages and issues with some really rude women on reception. But my experience the past couple of months has been very different to 'the olden days' and it would be great if this positivity continued. I have often overheard some of the phone calls the reception girls get and by their responses i can tell it's an irrate patient they are trying to help, i could never do their job!

Author: Gintare Anglickiene
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is terrible they barley help especially the front desk, no appointments and they don't care about nothing this place is just very bad
