Practice: MILL ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: F81636
Postcode: CO4 5LE
Google Maps title: Mill Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 109
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mill+Road+Surgery/@51.9126416,0.8941412,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMILL+ROAD+SURGERY+CO4+5LE!3m8!1s0x47d904389f876671:0x82bc59d61db4c022!8m2!3d51.912261!4d0.896678!9m1!1b1!15sChlNSUxMIFJPQUQgU1VSR0VSWSBDTzQgNUxFkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWPgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tjyswqq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81636-mill-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Christabelle Coffin
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Have to book an appointment at 7:30am, don't get to select a time it is just randomly allocated to you, you cannot plan around this. How are you meant to get time off work for an appointment if you can't give any notice? Update: was given a prescription I cannot take and when I queried this was told "we have over 17,000 patients in our care" and so they "can't look at your medical history every time we prescribe something"... wrote an email to query this but am yet to receive a response.
Practice response date: 6 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Christabelle, thank you for providing feedback regarding our booking system. As part of our new system appointments are dealt with based on urgent priority, therefore if an appointment is given same day this is typically due to the nature of urgency. Due to resource constraints we are unable to call each patient to discuss a time that works for them so we offer appointment rescheduling should a patient wish to, otherwise we typically issue the nearest appointment available based on urgency. Unfortunately I cannot find your name on our system however should you wish to discuss this further please send an email to millroad.surgery@nhs.net and mark it as for the attention of Matt Carter, I will endeavour to answer any further questions you may have. Yours sincerely, Matt Carter, Practice Manager.

Author: Stephen Allan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Patient on a form of life support had a swab for infections which shows three infections. Falsified my medical notes to state they had been communicated to me which they hadn't. Failed to put me on correct treatment. Had to go via out of hours due to it being a Friday when I noticed results on NHS app who advised two of the three infections could kill me within four hours if it enters my stoma opening. Was told on the Monday morning (today) that the manager would ring me upon getting into work which he didn't. Receptionist very rude and I have it recorded. Absolutely appalling!!

Author: Julie Taplin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The new online booking service works well and responses to my questions have been quick. Helpful and kind ataff

Author: Lisa Fleming
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to say a Big THANK YOU to the receptionist Maxine I rang up as I was having trouble with getting some medication and it was 2 days just after the loss of my Mum I couldn’t think straight and Maxine did everything she could to try and help with my Medication she never rushed me she was very understanding as she always is when I’ve rang the surgery Maxine is a credit to the surgery with her kindness and empathy

Author: Muhammad Waseem
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Muhammad Waseem4 months ago

Author: Eb A
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I received an excellent service today 9.10.25 from Mel the pharmacist. She was pleasant, thorough and very professional giving me a good experience. Thank you Mel 😄. …

Author: Allison Aagaard
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The support this practice has given myself and my family in difficult times has been very good, thank you 😊 …

Author: Oliwia Sutowska
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Have been with them for the past 2 years, usually decent but today I had a very upsetting situation. Called in the morning to book an appointment got told there was a cancellation that evening, asked to book it in. Left work early, arrived, got told that it's not today but tomorrow and no one could see me. Left extremely frustrated and now have to wait another week until the next appointment. No sympathy from the reception, just appeared annoyed that I complained about the issue.

Author: r french
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
As always outstanding care from Mill Road surgery, from the incredibly kind and helpful receptionist to the brilliant Dr Carpenter.

Author: Marc Anthony
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What can I say? This surgery has to be the worst I've known in my entire 61 years. Reception staff are rude, but when aren't they, and the doctor I saw was dismissive. Trying to get an an appointment through their website, which keeps going into the NHS website , is annoying, to say the least. Repeat medications disappear and I have to have a face to face appointment if I can actually book an appointment that's convenient with my work schedule.
