Practice: HIGHWOODS SURGERY
Canonical code: F81679
Postcode: CO4 9SR
Google Maps title: Highwoods Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Highwoods+Surgery/@51.9111717,0.9155528,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHIGHWOODS+SURGERY+CO4+9SR!3m8!1s0x47d905b5c34699dd:0x460adea170ec2888!8m2!3d51.9110741!4d0.9183256!9m1!1b1!15sChlISUdIV09PRFMgU1VSR0VSWSBDTzQgOVNSkgEUZ2VuZXJhbF9wcmFjdGl0aW9uZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6rtkn9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81679-highwoods-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Temitope Alaka
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I appreciate Dr Fadaly for the way he breaks his diagnosis and plan of care down for easy understanding and engagement. He is thorough and caring in his approach and delivery. I wish all my relatives and friends could hear him for their understanding and clarity on what I am going through that does not look like me! You can imagine what dilemmas I present with that puzzles them day to day. I have learnt to manage my day to day experiences until sadly at times I really look like what I am going through! Dr Thayur and Dr Suresh, they are so empathetic and compassionate in their delivery of care , which makes me feel a partner in my care delivery. They as female doctors are so maternal and truly understanding of women’s issues and how it impacts every other aspect of my role and expectations. They are thorough and follow through. The Advanced Nurse Practitioners Dan,Debbie , the nursing and health care assistants are so knowledgeable and well skilled to handle all many health conditions as they are equally keen to practice and deliver research based care that is effective and efficient in promoting General health and wellbeing. I specifically acknowledge the administrative team - Julie,Abbie and others and especially the Practice manager Amanda for their exceptional service in keeping the GP practice one to be reckoned with in Primary Care. They truly help to keep me in health and safeguard my well being. I am a grateful patient! My physical, mental, social and spiritual health are in a stable balance. It takes a lot knowledge updating, skill practise, research engagement and self care for our GPs to keep in practice and be able to deliver care to patients with multiple and diverse conditions. Just think on this for a moment!

Author: Paul Spinks
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am so fortunate to be with Highwoods GP Practice. I rate them all so highly. Dr Fadaly is a talented and personable GP. He has resolved my sports related injuries countless times and conducts minor surgical interventions superbly. The receptionist and practice manager have shown me nothing but absolute courtesy with a smile and a cheeky laugh too. Big cheer to Becky the lifestyle coach who worked wonders too. I THANK you ALL for what you all do. Top practice…! Top team.. !Top clinicians. Well done. 👍✅👍

Author: Jon hewson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to see a doctor impossible ,and no walk in appiontments

Author: Emma Scully
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My mother came back unhappy with the outcome of her appointment, she has been coughing day and night for over a week now, and she's even been coughing blood. She went to the appointment and she wasn't given anything to help her, and the "doctor" even told her that she was the "healthiest person" he had seen that day. Comparing patients illnesses is highly unprofessional! Just because somebody's pain isn't visible compared to somebody else's does not make it okay to dismiss them! Everybody has the right to go to the doctor about any pain they are experiencing and receive empathy from their doctor. Also the doctor asked if she was living with anybody else and she mentioned me, and the doctor said that I was going to get ill too. Thanks I guess.

Author: Bo Reeto
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I tried to book an appointment back in 1986... I'm still on the phone waiting, redial attempt 999999

Author: Debs PATTERSON
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I do not go to this surgery but I have seen DR Fadarly at bluebell surgery. To cut a very long story short Dr Fadarly made necessary referrals that my own dr said he had done but had not and as a result of Dr Fadarly listening to me and not treating me like a mental health patient which my DR did! Even though I kept saying I was not depressed! I finally got my diagnosis last weekend at Ipswich hospital of FND with seizures and MS overlap! After 15 yrs of suffering !needless to say I do not wish to go back to bluebell surgery ever again . Dr Fadarly deserves a pay rise thank you from the bottom of my heart for what you did for me
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your kind review - we will pass this on to Dr Fadaly

Author: David
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an issue with my hand and used the new portal to ask about it and promptly got an appointment when it had worsened. Very simple and effective service.
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you David for your kind review. I am glad you found the new system easy to use and experienced an effective service.

Author: Nicholas Steinbach
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I lost my phone so I went to surgery and said untill I can afford another phone can I use my partners number after pausing I was told yes what I didn't know was I had a review coming up so they was trying to get me on my old phone number so they obviously didn't change it this resulted in me being penalised and could only get my prescription every 2 weeks I was told because I'm ignorant and have been ignoring phone calls but I had told them to use other number the first prescription was signed off 5 days late the second 3 days late and is ongoing still I was told medication is important as I suffered a heart attack. Am disabled. Blind in one eye and have spinal stenosis. My partner suffered 2 strokes and can't talk or hardly walk so I have no one to confide in which gets me down. I have to use a disability scooter and surgery is 2 miles away I can't use the other surgery near me as fully booked.

Author: Jason
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just want too say thank you too all the staff for being helpful and understanding this week

Author: Joy Brooks
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been registered at this surgery for over 30 years, received a letter this week to say I need to register elsewhere as I am out of their catchment area ! Guess what I have been out of your catchment area for the past 25 odd years, funny how it didn’t bother you till I dared to ask for my prescription to be 3 monthly instead of monthly as I struggle to get to a pharmacy! Shame on you
Practice response date: 6 months ago
Practice response:
Good afternoon Following a review of your records, it came to our attention that your home address is located outside the practice’s catchment area. We recognise that you have … More
