Practice: DR YASIN SA PRACTICE
Canonical code: F81632
Postcode: RM15 5LP
Google Maps title: The Health Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Health+Centre/@51.5083135,0.2801148,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8b0ac8dd411f9:0x7c1476d112798b73!8m2!3d51.5083102!4d0.2826951!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6mv95x?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81632-dr-yasin-sa-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Omar Farsakouri
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent GP ! Attentive, efficient, and genuinely caring.

Author: Daniel Walsh
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had a positive experience with this surgery since i moved from one across the road. The reception team are polite and considerate and Dr Sophie and Dr Miriam are incredible. They listen and show compassion and empathy. Considering this is an nhs surgery I feel the staff do a very good job.

Author: Laura Black
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
5* and more! So happy with every interaction I’ve had, we moved to Dr Yasin from another local Dr’s around 18 months ago and was pleasantly shocked by the amazing, efficient and friendly service we have received.. the booking service online is easy to navigate, appointments are available, the staff update the NHS app promptly with test results, the office staff are wonderful, GP’s and nurses care - very happy! Thank you :-)

Author: Victoria Madalina
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Yasin low costumer service

Author: Konstantina Loutsi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great GP practice. The doctors and staff are helpful, professional, and always do their best for patients. Really appreciate their support.

Author: Omar
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had a consistently positive experience with this health centre. The GP is professional, patient, and genuinely take the time to listen. Appointments are well‑organised, and the staff are always polite and helpful.

Author: Husky UA
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great Doctor and excellent service .

Author: tina strachan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
First booking system is a shambles, virtual assistant cuts off and you have to keep ringing back . Second both me and my son see two different doctors neither listened properly to what we were saying and all they wanted to do was to prescribe anti depressants. The doctor my son see had an attitude, was no help at all and said he didn’t have time to discuss the matter he would need to rebook after spending five minutes of not listening. And just wanting to prescribe anti depressants which had nothing to do with the actual problem. The doctors need to listen more and have a better bedside manner and stop giving out antidepressants for every ailment you go in for. Wished we had seen dr Sophie who is a lovely doctor who listens to you completely .

Author: Evisa Terziu
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
5 stars mostly for Sophie - I’ve spoken with the Clinician Sophie Sherwood several times, and every experience has been excellent. She’s always polite, empathetic, and incredibly helpful with my appointment requests. It’s refreshing to speak with someone who truly listens and cares - her professionalism and kindness really stand out. Thank you to the whole team and especially Sophie for providing such great service!

Author: Teresa Doyle
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is the best ,everyone of the staff are amazing,they are so helpful,polite,kind, efficient,knowledgeable, patient,supportive,happy,thoughtful and thorough,as soon as you walk in the door all the receptionists are all of the above and so welcoming,the doctors,nurses and every other staff member are the same,we would highly recommend this doctors surgery,we give them 5 stars for every visit we make,they are what make the NHS so amazing and valuable,the surgery is always very clean and tidy.well done to everyone involved.you all deserve 5 stars 🌟
