Practice: KNIGHTS SURGERY
Canonical code: F81711
Postcode: SS14 3GR
Google Maps title: Knights Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Knights+Surgery/@51.5788801,0.4447615,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8c7eb8a06a841:0x45062acb130f9ea5!8m2!3d51.5788768!4d0.4473418!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11scbn6shw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81711-knights-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ryan Hall
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Finally managed to book an appointment, when it was finally due it has been that long I forgot what was even wrong with me, wasn't even a face to face it was an all day we'll call you when we are ready appointment, its a good way of not actually seeing you as time is a great healer, basically you either get over it or you're dead.

Author: Frances M
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was told can't make appointment on phone only online. Stopped over whole country. Rubbish. Lied to, aswell as being a un easy app to use. Doesn't cover all areas when making an appointment. Then you still can't use it or make an appointment till 8am even on the app!!!!!! Stressed and fuming. Don't know all day when dr us calling. No acknowledgement thst you'll get a phone call never mind a time. They asked me to make an appointment!!! Not the other way round. Sort it out!!!

Author: Alice
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless

Author: Roux Martin
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Whose sadistic Idea was it to put a physiotherapy surgery that far away from a busy car park? And then to be berated for not being able to accurately and instantly follow the vaguest instructions is just the icing on the cake. If your doctor refers you here, ask for a second opinion.

Author: Rhys Lyons
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Obscene service from a doctors, been with them for well over 10 years, I order my medication though NHS app, all they have to do is send it over to the pharmacy? Not hard right? Wrong, whole week and they only got it today and to no surprise, they have to order the medication in Says on NHS website they are taking on new patients 😂😂😂 can’t even look after the old ones properly Maybe they would have a better career in a circus 🤡

Author: Alina Stoian
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very unpleasant experience with this medical practice. My daughter has breathing issues, so I tried for two days to call to get an appointment. Each time, I was told there were no available slots until, finally, I managed to secure an appointment. Unfortunately, I didn’t clearly understand the appointment time over the phone, and I also requested that they send me a confirmation message, which did not happen. When I arrived late due to the misunderstanding, I was treated very rudely by the staff. The behavior was completely unacceptable and lacked empathy, especially considering it was about a child's health. I deeply regret choosing this place and do not recommend this medical practice .

Author: IM HIM
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m really disappointed with the experience I had at this GP practice. Waiting an entire week just for an X-ray request to be sent to the hospital is completely unacceptable — it caused unnecessary delays and a lot of frustration. Dr. Stellasilibaz Isohlomuka’s professionalism left a lot to be desired. His communication was poor, and his English was very difficult to understand, which made it hard to discuss my concerns properly. I didn’t feel listened to or cared for, and the lack of urgency around my situation was really frustrating. I expect a higher standard of care and attention from a medical professional. I truly hope this practice takes feedback like this seriously and works on improving patient care and communication.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Fantastic service when I've contacted them

Author: Magdalena Buczynska
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The absolutely worst staff at the desk I ever hat to deal with it's shocking. When you call and try to explain what you need and why you calling for. All she could say to me please call at 8 for appointment. If I needed and appointment I would all at 8 !!!! Waiting for my doctor to call me for the past 3 days . We need new desk staff please 🙏

Author: Julie Inkersole
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Julie Inkersole7 reviewsa year ago

Author: G
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I wasn’t impressed by the Drs at all, but the receptionists and nurse practitioners are fantastic
