Practice: SWANWOOD PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: F81732
Postcode: SS12 0AG
Google Maps title: Swanwood Partnership
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Swanwood+Partnership/@51.6150448,0.5150035,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8c39e8b19a5d1:0x6e16b2b18f3f49f7!8m2!3d51.6150415!4d0.5175838!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fnwhp6bs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81732-swanwood-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Patricia
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Have been using this practice for many years. This afternoon I went to collect my blood test form only to be told I HAD to have photo identification or I couldn't have it. An elderly lady spoke to second receptionist to leave her urine sample and was curtly told she COULD NOT leave it as it had to be there before 10 a.m.! Poor lady hadn't been told of this rule so would have to go back again with another sample after the weekend. Rules are fine but please tell your patients first! Finding the receptionists blunt, bordering on rude.

Author: Rodney Croome
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
When ever I've used it was very professional & has helped me a lot with medication & hospital appointments 1st class

Author: Kyle
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The GP I saw was good, even thought I was only seen 40 minutes after my appointment time and had left work early to get there on time which is frustrating. But the GP was nice and took their time with me. However, the receptionists are awful. I walked in and didn’t know where to go (sorry im not someone who usually goes to the doctor and im not familiar with the surgery layout) the receptionists didnt acknowledge me and I had to wait for them to finish their convo before they told me to sign in on the tablet. I was asked to come early for my appointment to provide a urine sample. I politely said to the receptionist “sorry to disturb but ive been asked to do a urine sample before my appointment” the response from a really unfriendly receptionist was to ask very loudly “they asked you to do what??? a urine sample?? who asked you that??” i said “yes a urine sample. I got asked on the phone to come in a few mins early to do this” she responded “a urine sample? who are you here to see” I said “I dont know its just a normal GP appointment, do they not usually ask for that?” she said “well im just surprised, its weird that they have asked you to do A URINE SAMPLE…I suppose I could give you this” *proceeds to give me a urine sample container*. So..they have urine sample containers to hand but it was such an unusual request that she needed to ask me to clarify 3 times about? Honestly I think they get off on trying to embarrass people or something, its really strange. I know they probably get a lot of crap to deal with but still they have a very negative and unhelpful attitude, I shouldnt be feeling alienated when I am going to my GP for help, im a really polite person and there was no reason for them to make me feel like this, a bit of manners, discretion and friendliness go a long way.

Author: Vanessa Lloyd
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could rate it lower I would. This surgery is honestly rubbish I'm certainly looking to move. The reception hang up on calls and they don't answer the question in order. I know this because both me and my hubby called he was 1st in the que but my call got answered before his. Doctors aren't all bad but it is pot luck who you get and the good ones are a needle in a haystack. I spoke with a doctor (Debbie) who made me feel like a less than mum because I was struggling to pin my 1yr old son down and force him to have medicine he doesn't like on my own i'd add. I was told I needed to 'toughen up'. Trust me I tried everything within reason to get this medication into him. All I was asking for is if there was an alternative. Maybe some people need sensitivity training.

Author: Zoey Wills
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are extremely rude and clearly under the impression that they're doctors themselves and have the right to know the ins and outs of everything. A bit of advice to them would be if you are nice and pleasant on the phone, people may be nice and pleasant back to you! Even in person I've witnessed them being condescending to older patients. Disgusting, more interested in discussing their personal lives with each other than doing the actual job. The doctors themselves are mostly OK although you never see the same one and you always get the odd doctor who's waiting for you to leave as soon as you get in the room. If your looking for a decent doctors surgery, look elsewhere.

Author: Hayley Seal
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Over all help hasn't been great at all. Never listened to at all, an then you get the odd one who will. 1 doctor in particular has mis diagnosed my 3 children all on separate occasions, 2 out of the 3 have ended up in hospital an the 3rd I had toget a second opinion an it was what I thought all along. I called them to make a complaint and to put on our records that we are not to see her again said someone would call me back an no body ever did. Wouldn't recommend.

Author: Charlotte Baker
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
1 star is being to generous. They signed me up with the wrong name and date of birth even when provided with ID and Document proving who I am then has the audacity to remove me from the books because of there mistake and when questions they advise they don’t have to give me a reason. Honestly an absolute joke. And the GPs are awful and the staff.. well not a brain cell between them. Would NOT recommend.

Author: Brendan Hedges
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
The GP appointment and help that was offered was great. Dealing with the older blonde receptionist at the desk was the complete opposite. Rude, unprofessional, argumentative and unhelpful. Being shouted at when visiting your GP is completely unacceptable.

Author: Debbie Agius
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Called in to query a text message from the surgery to be greeted by a receptionist eating her sandwiches whilst talking to me

Author: D H
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Stay clear of this surgery if you can help it. I sadly had to apply for this surgery due to moving into the area. Really is a hit and miss with how you get treated. If you raise a concern with the level of professionalism of one staff member it’s clear the word gets about the surgery and the overall level of care decreases further…not improves, including GPs care. They are clearly under an amount of pressure that they CANNOT handle and take this out on vulnerable patients. Despite this I would like to praise the nurses at the surgery as they themselves go above and beyond just a shame that the rest of the care is terrible. Finally if you feel a complaint needs to be made, they will refuse to tell you their name.
