Practice: MATCHING GREEN SURGERY
Canonical code: F81729
Postcode: SS14 2PB
Google Maps title: Matching Green Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Matching+Green+Surgery/@51.5825623,0.4793969,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8c41bd3c8ee9d:0xa86eea279d65cbe1!8m2!3d51.582559!4d0.4819772!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0rpt17?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F81729-matching-green-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gary Bruce
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Having used them for an emergency appointment, I saw a doctor who I'd.never seen before as the Dr I normally see was away, the Dr took a urine sample and said no infection at all, she then gave me a letter to go straight to a&e for a blood test, once I got to hospital I had the usual blood tests etc, oh what a surprise, the Dr I saw said I had a massive infection and my urine sample lit up like a Christmas tree, this was an hr after the gp at matching green told me no infection at all

Author: Chipo gogo
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been waiting for my son’s prescription at the surgery. One of the receptionists, Sharon, spoke to me in a very rude and dismissive tone, as if I were a zombie and not a person. After this, she sent my son’s prescription to AA Pharmacy, which did not have the item prescribed, instead of my regular pharmacy, causing unnecessary inconvenience and delay. This kind of behaviour is very shameful and completely unacceptable in a healthcare setting. If she does not know how to communicate respectfully with patients, she should not be working in this role.

Author: Katie Finn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every single doctor and receptionist we deal with at this surgery make me feel seen, heard, validated and listened too, more specifically relating to my youngest child who has had various longer term physical health conditions! I have not had one single bad experience with them, they’re all amazing and the loveliest team!! I sing their praises to everyone I know!

Author: chi nah tu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery practice is an absolute nightmare. The practice manager, Rama Sharma, was incredibly rude, completely unhelpful, and incapable of basic communication. The staff is inefficient and poorly run, making an already stressful situation unbearable. I would rather cancel or change my surgery than deal with this practice again. Total waste of time—avoid.

Author: Chloe Dean
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I feel like the receptionist need to be sacked, they are so rude and don’t have no known clue of what politeness is there is only 1 Receptionist who is so rude who isn’t very helpful and shouldn’t work in a customer service job if she doesn’t get on with people

Author: Concerned Citizen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Did online consultation 8am and got a GP appointment for same day. Dr Chandel was very nice and professional. I don't go Dr's very often so dont know what its like most days but the new service worked well for me.

Author: Ann “AppleBlossom”
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Well for starters, we should be able to go doctors, without going online ok for youngsters but not for older adults, its giving more hackers, why did they only text us on the day you have to go online...

Author: celticcween73
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
NOT IMPRESSED! Re visited today for re dressing after having a dressing placed last week by a different nurse. (Ok I’ve not visited the practice after the previous GPs retired who I had a good relationship with) and I know I should have kept up with should have my health checks) I had to come out of work for this appointment- first thing I was greeted with was I’d not been for a while, get on scan scales, blood pressure high ( which I knew it would be a bit) informed high, I said one of the reasons because I’m under pressure to get back to work. Tried to take bloods - couldn’t find vein - not had a problem before - nurse had to seek assistance from GPA as to where the cannula should have been placed in a better bigger vein - left with 3 attempted cannulas - 3rd success but cannula wasn’t held in correctly so had to be repositioned as no blood let!so cannula had to be re adjusted. Left with bruising I’ve never had before!!! Was finally re dressed with the nurse a lot of faffing as their dressings/treatment rooms aren’t obviously properly stocked - the member of staff cleaned my wound carefully and gently but was advised I need the correct dressing for which she had to write a script for , so I have to now pay for this. This was before the above mentioned - near the beginning of my appointment, a member of staff knocked and came in ( seemed like they were having a sharps/clinical waste collection but they didn’t have the right size containers- to sort this issue, so was left in treatment alone for a few minutes- of which it sounded like but can’t substantiate - the person that was treating was talking to an apparently new mother with her baby! Before coming back to me ! I don’t feel I was given 100% care - although I’m expected to comply with tests imposed on me when I was extremely time limited! I get it - NHS establishments HAVE TO BOX TICK! But consent should have been asked for! EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED!!!!!!!

Author: Nic AlienDuck (Alienduck)
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Will only book appointments at 8am for same day, meaning they are completely inaccessible for anyone with a disability that means they can't phone and then can't get to the surgery on such short notice. - So to be clear, the GP surgery is discriminating against the disabled. The only "help" offered is to have someone else call at 8am, which is extremely unhelpful if you don't have anyone who can do that without risking their job? Absolutely disgusting behaviour. I'd give zero or negative stars if I could

Author: Masseh Ahmady
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionist ! Im Happy not to be with this surgery.
