Practice: ST EDWARDS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: F82011
Postcode: RM1 3DQ
Google Maps title: St Edwards Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 141
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Edwards+Medical+Centre/@51.5803997,0.1795131,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a4b8721abc0f:0x94a47bbf6deb096e!8m2!3d51.5803964!4d0.1820934!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tsblcxw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82011-st-edwards-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: YT _BTW
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I dont know the name of the young lady that I just phoned and spoke too but think she needs to do some courses on how to help with a pacient. Aware that I phoned up slightly out of prescription hours but it dont help the surgery keep changing the times for a start and the fact ive tried every way to get more medication for my daughter. This was for my type 1 diabetic daughter who needs insulin to survive and her attitude and helpfulness needs to be worked on. Either that or find a job where care isn't paramount key expecially when talking to a mother who's daughter is running low on insulin then prone to hyper and hypos on a insulin pump trying day to day to manage this unpredictable disease.

Author: Paul Humphries
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
The front of house, reception team have terrible etiquette. If you don’t enjoy speaking to customers you should not work in customer services. Especially when dealing with families and small children. The medical staff (Drs, nurses) tend to be fine to deal with but 8/10 interactions with reception are poor. Receptionist with the slick back hair acts like customers are an annoyance to her.

Author: Ellie Gibson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist is quite frankly the rudest person ive ever spoken to and should never have a job as a receptionist let alone working for a doctors surgery, i was spoken to like a child ive seen so many reviews saying similar things aswell why has nothing been done about this woman absolutely disgusting behaviour

Author: Kayes Uddin
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst GP practice, seriously lack soft skills and basic etiquette, lack of understanding of their website offer, poor management of staff not the GPs or nurses, Reception staff are the issue. Seems like a common theme with the reviews, I've had far too many issues when asking basic questions. I do feel for vulnerable residents and people with hidden disabilities who can't book appointments online, this place needs to be audited. absolutely unprofessional and hung up the call. retracted previously positive feedback as it was based on a single member of staff, only makes sense to put a genuine review after a few years of using the surgery. Greatful for the NHS, not to happy that certain individuals running the place down with their unprofessional approach to serving the public, The reception team need a new management team. someone who knows how to manage basic expectations, employ adequate staff, who are capable of basic common sense, and have an empathetic approach when dealing with people. It could be anyone on the other side of the phone, no one calls to have a casual chat, people call as they are in need of medical help. Seriously not happy

Author: victoria neofitou
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have generally always had good experiences at this practice. Only slight niggle is that appointments tend to run quite late, but once in with Dr they take their time to listen & advise. Reception staff are helpful. Special mention to Suze, who each time I've encountered, has been kind, considerate, and gone out of her way to assist. Thank you.

Author: Lorraine Smith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception rude not helpful The way they speak to you some are just awful not caring or understanding and I’m not the only one that has mention this

Author: M A
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
When mediocre receptionists decide they are capable of diagnosing an issue that's when things become a problem. The inability to read and listen to patients couldn't be more evident. Dr Hossain sadly your surgery is sinking and your receptionists are the reason.

Author: Muhammad
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not a good surgery.The receptionists are the worst people in the surgery. The receptionist doesn't want to listen the concerns of the patients, the elders and infants have many health difficulties but the the receptionists put down the phone without listening anything. They are ignorant and very rude.In emergencies, you can't reached the doctors to get their suggestions.

Author: Linda Smyth
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I myself am not a patient at this practice, but my mother-in-law & aunt & uncle are (deal with their medical issues) I think this practice is exceptional, every single doctor I have seen (must be around 8) have all been thorough, listen & arrange the appropriate treatments. The receptionists are aways helpful & there was a lovely lady called Debbie (think she is behind the scenes) who went over & above for my uncle.Think the patients at this practice are extremely lucky

Author: david w
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful centre now, doctors are ok but the organisation (admin) side of it is terrible. More and more over seas patients than ever before.
