Practice: THE COLLEGE PRACTICE
Canonical code: F82031
Postcode: RM7 0XR
Google Maps title: The College Practice : Rush Green Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+College+Practice+:+Rush+Green+Medical+Centre/@51.5606764,0.1734249,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a598ceef0d21:0xf09c54ca22955eb6!8m2!3d51.5606731!4d0.1760052!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11trqrvwc9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82031-the-college-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: kamini s
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with this Practice over 30+ years, with diff GP’s and practice names changes. Wonderful service always provided by Dr Sanomi and his team, cannot praise and rate them high enough. Thank you.

Author: Chukwuebuka Obi-Unamma
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Services are top notch. Staff are polite and from my own interactions are active listeners.

Author: Zaynab Shabir
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
On Sunday morning, my niece was suffering from very severe constipation so we called NHS 111. We were given an out of hours appointment with this practice for later that afternoon. When we visited the practice for our appointment, we were welcomed by a lovely receptionist and didn’t have to wait too long before being seen by the doctor. We saw Dr Agbaje who was very kind and caring towards my 2 year old niece. He gave us a very detailed explanation of what he thought was causing the constipation and even explained how a laxative works to help relieve this. He even gave us some really good advice about how to prevent it from happening again in the future. He was by far the best doctor I have ever come across and we thank you for his valuable time and advice as my niece finally opened her bowels later on that evening.

Author: Moudud Abu
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Mixed experience. While some doctors and staff are excellent, there’s a serious lack of consistency in care. One particular doctor repeatedly delayed or failed to follow up on essential referrals and medication. A receptionist also gave an extremely unhelpful and inappropriate response to a genuine medical concern, which was quite distressing. Patient safety and communication need major improvement.

Author: Diane Clark
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wish to express my thanks to Dr Benny who my daughter, Sophie Clark saw last Monday week 14/4. When we saw her my daughter was in a very distressed state and Dr Benny managed to calm her down, listened to her story and sought appropriate help for her. Since that day Sophie has seemed much calmer and although she still has problems our visit really helped her. Thank you

Author: Sabah Sabah
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Practice Manager and the admin staff are always on hand to help me with my mums prescriptions. Very efficient and supportive. Much appreciated.

Author: Sophie Karin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Im giving this a 3 stars for the majority of the hard working doctors, nurses and receptionists. However, I am disgusted by my treatment by one male doctor who is well known at this practise. I asked for a particular hormonal pill due to having problems before on other pills. I have been on the same pill for years and had no issues. He tells me he doesnt decide what medication exactly i will recieve that is up to the pharmacist. I go to the pharmacist and the one pill i asked not to have from suffering badly before mentally and physically, i get given this one. I know and trust this pharmacist and he told me no the doctor has to prescribe you the exact medication. This doctor gaslight me to save a few bob for the nhs. I told him i was leaving to go to asia for a few months and so had to take the pill that effects me badly for 2 months and it made me so depressed, suicidal, gain weight like crazy and feeling sick every day. Funny thing is this doctor 2 month prior told me its not my PCOS or pill or my recent gallbladder removal that has made me gain weight but i am greedy and eat too much. Anyone that knows me knows i eat very healthy and barely anything, if he had bothered to read my notes and learn this stuff plus my history of an eating disorder and depression maybe he wouldnt have said these things?? If youre a female please ask for a female doctor or the one young male doctor that listens to his patients! On a side note i only exsist in this world because of a female doctor at this practise noticed a issue with my mothers pregnancy which her normal male doctor had totally ignored. More needs to be done for female health!

Author: Kel
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely rude receptionists, terrible representation for the company. I will not be going there anymore as I don’t feel like they care about the patients and their personal situations.

Author: Stuart Long
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was an emotional wreck that was so bad my brother though I needed to be sectioned. 3 weeks later I am back on my feet and doing so well. Still a bit of a journey for me, but Dr Healy is a massive part of why I am fixing myself. This practice is brilliant

Author: Pat Godfrey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been with this surgery for many years now… I always find the receptionist’s very pleasant, polite, and very helpful and go out of there way to help you… The practice manager is also very pleasant and helpful when I phone for prescription she always knows what I need very efficient…also the doctors and nurses are all very good couldn’t ask for better surgery.
