Practice: LABURNUM HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: F82051
Postcode: RM10 7DF
Google Maps title: Laburnum Health Centre
Google rating: 1.6
Google review count: 180
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Laburnum+Health+Centre/@51.5606938,0.1486956,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a4fce9c33a41:0xfe54366306689125!8m2!3d51.5606905!4d0.1512759!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc40vc1_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82051-laburnum-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: blingand lace
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give no stars I would have! There new system is appalling I haven’t been able to get appointment for months I been hospital twice for a gp problem! It doesn’t matter if you ring at 8.30 you won’t get the appointment ever your get the receptionist who will tell you that also. I never had blood result test back yet they had a few I could keep going instead we need to leave reviews truth how it makes us as the patients feel, worried anxious scared even more so not confident in the gp themself! The healthcare review wasn’t good either they said it’s appalling actually wrote that online. People who are sick and worried and anxious already should be able to see a gp or make pre book able appointment via our own docter surgery not 111 for less urgent illness this number is for that not filling it up with patients you can not possibly care for. They take on to many patients yet can not access see or even prescribe to most or even all of them. The practise manager is never there either I have asked so many times if that person is available to speak with. Outside the surgery more than 50 patients have this same problem and they wrote it all over the internet how worrying is this system of our health care the nhs has left us with.

Author: ANDREI IORGA
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Total lack of communication and clinical negligence regarding specialist referrals…….. I am extremely disappointed with the total lack of professional courtesy and patient care at this surgery. I have sent multiple detailed emails regarding a Tier 3 Specialist Referral and the need for a Liver Function Test (LFT) to complete my clinical record. Despite following the correct NHS pathways and being proactive in my own care, my correspondence has been systematically ignored for 2 weeks. There is no acknowledgement of receipt, let alone a clinical response. Being "ghosted" by your GP practice when trying to manage a chronic health condition is unacceptable and potentially dangerous. If you are looking for a surgery that communicates with its patients or follows through on specialist referrals, I suggest looking elsewhere. I intend to escalate this issue formally to the Integrated Care Board and the Care Quality Commission as a documented failure of service.

Author: Meer Ali
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The person picked my phone was So unprofessional. She didn't listen to me properly, wanted to cut down the call halfway Of the conversation and also wasn't informative. At the end I couldn't stop myself saying, "please try to be nice with people". Not happy with at all. This GP practice is completely failing its patients. Calling at 8:30am the moment the lines open makes no difference—after waiting in the queue, the response is always the same: “fully booked” and “short of staff.” This is not an occasional issue; it is a daily pattern. Even with genuine illness, there is no access to care, no alternatives, and no accountability. Repeating the same excuse every day is not healthcare. A GP practice should exist to treat patients, not simply to remain open in name while offering no real service.

Author: Olude Adewunmi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse of worse despite being a sickle sell warrior,they never even give a damn if the pain kills me or not,not even an appointment with the gp to discus about my health instead they refer me to emergency ward meanwhile what was wrong with me could be cured with antibiotics,I hope the government do some investigations into this GP

Author: Hamid رومانتیک
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hamid رومانتیک3 months ago

Author: Shaila Ahsan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Their appointment system sucks. At least they should pick the call and give some dates. Not everyone needs today’s appointments which are always booked. And you call just at 8:30, always busy and then you get to hear all appointments are booked. So frustrating. Thank god I have changed mine to another one.

Author: Maryanne Sarah Emmanuel
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited 5 weeks. After submitting my forms manually to this GP. Called in on the 4th week and they said it was still under process and could take up to 6 weeks. Called in again the week after, at first they couldn't find my details and paperwork and then stated that they're full and to register at another GP. So i basically waited 5 weeks just to be told to go elsewhere. No courtesy to even i form before hand that they were full so i could go elsewhere instead of wasting time. Very disappointed.

Author: Jan Fedoriak
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you could rate this Lower I would. I’ve had an appointment at 11:00 then doctor calls me if I could turn up earlier. So I did. I arrived 10:20 just to hear that the doctor is running late. It’s been past 11:45 and I’m still waiting to be seen. Bear in mind if you’re late 5- 10 min for your appointment, they won’t see you.

Author: Amy S
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this GP for 10 years and I don't have any complaints. The reception team are friendly, the doctors are empathetic and will put you forward for any checks you may need. Easy to get a same day appointment. Thank you.

Author: Patrick Eric
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I went to pharmacy to pickup my medicine and find nothing on the computer record. The NHS showed I have been ordered it 5days ago( more than 3 working days) and they forgot it. How can they so careless. My certificate was ended today, and I need to pay extra if I pick up tomorrow.😡
