Practice: CENTRAL PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: F82016
Postcode: RM3 9SU
Google Maps title: Central Park Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Central+Park+Surgery/@51.606277,0.2224152,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8bc84da9e8e67:0x8ebd8a56b0c739a0!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCENTRAL+PARK+SURGERY+RM3+9SU!3m8!1s0x47d8bc8394868c89:0x1e5b753947bc29c9!8m2!3d51.6062737!4d0.2249955!9m1!1b1!15sChxDRU5UUkFMIFBBUksgU1VSR0VSWSBSTTMgOVNVkgEZZmFtaWx5X3ByYWN0aWNlX3BoeXNpY2lhbuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3ns9m2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82016-central-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Roma Pavlov
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
What a useless people!!! Over the phone, even there's "option 2 for the PRESCRIPTION", these people REFUSE TO DO IT!!! I have to COME IN PERSON!!! WHY, WHY,WHY I have to be in person??? 40 minutes on hold to here this nonsense!!! Useless!!

Author: Glen
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Find the reception staff very helpful but one of the GPs here is absolutely shocking. I advise anyone who goes here to FULLY find out what's wrong with you before you go as they will try and fob you off with the wrong treatment. I had a full tare of the rotator cuff and thankfully I know a consultant who told me it requires surgery. Spoke to the GP, don't think you're allowed to name them, she said no it needs physio I had to tell her that I need to see a real doctor, a consultant as surgery is the only fix. After a lot of convincing she referred me to a consultant. When I saw the consultant, lo and behold the first thing he said is you require surgery. If I'd not done any research I would now be having physio and not have seen a consultant with a good chance of making the tare worse, this I was also told. Not the first time this particular GP has done this. Thankfully I don't go there often. Practice manager replied to my complaint but clearly didn't read my email correctly at all as her response was irrelevant. Shocking!

Author: lee dowling
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm a paitent of Dr Koke at the surgery .and I must say she is absolutely amazing she's never in a rush to end the consultation .I suffered a heart attack last October and went into a butbof a dark place depression .I called the surgery to ask for help .Dr Koke spoke to me in her unique way and omg she helped through it ..she's amazing as are her receptionists thanks guys

Author: Lorrie Creighton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to say how helpful Nicola was just now, sorting out my daughters prescription, my daughter is very poorly and Nicola went above and beyond to help me, I appreciate her kindness and help very much and the empathy she showed.

Author: Emdad Hossain
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Today I want to gp for my medical from reception.I told her give me madical from .she told u don’t have anything.i said Dr give test .she told me nothing. I told her can u check pls .she told me can u sit down.okay i am sit down .after i see they are gossip another receptionst.after 10 minutes later I told her can check agen still they are talking.i am ready disappointed there are services.very low service.maximum time they are ignoring

Author: Ed Ward
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've never met or seen a more obnoxious rude entitled woman than the slim older woman on reception in this surgery.someone soo unsuited to the care industry or any related sector ie,receptionist for a surgery.seems to have a hearing problem.age related maybe or ear wax issue,or maybe she should try harder to do her job,or pack it in.the exact type that will poison any other receptionist.which may already be happening it appears.she makes you feel like she's doing you a favour. Several other reviews appear to hint at this same "receptionist" that makes you not want to go near the place.i had read the reviews before joining this surgery but past them off.really wish I hadn't. Too busy talking to people about non medical related issues,treating the place like her own little social club,whilst people are stood there 10 mins before 1pm only to be told,"changing over take a seat"..other than doing the bare minimum for a surgery "receptionist "this woman,,,is detrimental to peoples health, unless your in her social club or one of her favourites.really needs PROPER reprimanding,or needs to go.it'll also stop her poisoning other receptionists against the job.nearly didn't leave a review, as she's also the type to gossip about you,over her coffee outside of work.a horror.will be taking this future up chain also.if you value your health.swerve.dread going into the place as this behaviour is EVERYTIME.some solis in knowing I'm not the only one.by far not,it seems

Author: Michael Wiszowaty
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly for as much hate as this place gets the one place that works like a treat is the blood work centre, always in and out within 5/10 mins and always very nice and wonderful !

Author: anya may
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusted by the repeated unprofessional and borderline racist behavior from the front desk staff, especially Tina. She’s consistently rude, dismissive, and goes out of her way not to help, muttering snide comments under her breath and treating certain people with clear bias. This place is meant to support vulnerable individuals, yet management continues to ignore the issue despite multiple complaints and similar reviews. Shameful and unacceptable.

Author: Kemi
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Made a complaint on the 16 of May and 25 of July to my surprise they have deleted this complaint the receptionist are rude and bias toward black people the doctor will threaten to section you if you challenge them, the manager will pretend to listen to your complaint only to minimise your NHS app so you can not use the app

Author: penny stickney
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusted with the help given by this surgery. Was asked to book a blood test for my 92 year old mother, only available on Thursdays, told that's the only day they do blood tests, no help to me as I work Thursdays and cant get the time off work to take her there. Advised to try a link which didn't work. I Googled NHS sites to book here, at least a three week wait, only to find I have to make a SwiftQueue account that, again, didn't work. Called the Surgery again after over an hour of trying to sort this out to be told to try a different number which was an automated voice telling me they can't accept my call because of the high volume of calls. Called Surgery again to ask if they could book the appointment for me as my own doctor in Straight road did this for me, but was told they don't do this. To say I'm not impressed with this service is an understatement!
