Practice: WOOD LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: F82028
Postcode: RM12 5HX
Google Maps title: Woodlane Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 121
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodlane+Medical+Centre/@51.5445716,0.1936299,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8bace5bfb760f:0x4ec62b46acb7ee26!8m2!3d51.5445683!4d0.1962102!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td9ps_p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82028-wood-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dawn Gibson
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been going 2yrs. The only 1 I got in and close 2 home.Been fine 2 me. I was wondering why some1 gaffiti and vadalized it. Which was terrible. That was no need over a year ago. I got free flu jabs there. Seen the good nurses and doctors good to me. Why some comments are untrue. Hard to believe and great chemist link with the GP too close to home. Most times quicker for me to go there. I rarely phone in. Dr weaver very good to me

Author: Kate Martin
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was referred here for a procedure by my own GP. I got a call very quickly to arrange an appointment. Nicola was so helpful and understanding of my personal circumstances when trying to book me an appointment that would work around my job. My appointment came and Dr Weaver was so kind, competent and reassuring. I came out of there feeling cared for and understood. It feels rare nowadays with the NHS so this was a breath of fresh air. I can’t thank them enough for looking after me and making this a stress free experience.

Author: Samantha McArdle
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is a breath of fresh air! As a SEN family I dread all appointments I have to take my son to! (IYKYK) I had to take him in this week and honestly the team couldn’t have been more wonderful with him! Waiting time once we were there was minimal and we were given a quiet time to suit him! (And me ha!) the nurse Kerri was amazing with him and knew exactly how to talk to my son and approach him in a way that kept him calm and comfortable! Dr Weaver (Mrs) also came in to take a look at him and between them they diagnosed and got him the medication he needed and the whole time my son was reassured that he was safe! Which also meant I to had a good experience of what’s normally an awful situation! Just as an add on! Dr Weaver (Mrs) is an amazing menopause specialist and genuinely changed my life when I went to her thinking I needed anti depressants but actually needed help with perimenopause.

Author: uekkion
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude receptionist. Lack of empathy. They Cancelled my appointment without notice and had to suffer and be seen a week later. No apologies given and a big attitude from the lady on the phone.

Author: Susie Lyus
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
wonderful hardworking practice. great for families as the GPs have a range of specialties. The practice nurses and pharmacist mean you don’t have to see a GP and get things sorted quicker. there’s a huge squeeze on the nhs but i’ve found the staff here to be practical, kind and knowledgeable. the reception staff are lovely and do a great job in difficult circumstances.

Author: charles burt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent practice. Fast communication and caring staff looking after my father in law. Highly recommended.

Author: Amy Collins
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
DON'T COME TO THIS GP'S the staff are rude and disrespectful they are very dismissive at your requests and the doctors are ready to get you out quickly without listing to you and the reason why you are sick it's also really hard to get an appointment as you will have to wait a while to even get seen.

Author: Peter Emptage
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Thank you very much for your feedback.
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you very much for your feedback.

Author: Rozina Bashir
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was with this gp and forced out. I asked for pre conception care and was told it doesn't exist. Became diabetic in fertility treatment again, asked to be seen by a diabetic specialist but my hba1c was under the threshold so I could not be seen by them. Then spoke to a Dr who said he can help but made inappropriate comments and asked I come in so he can 'touch' my legs or else he won't help. Bearing in mind I was suffering with sugars hitting 20 and Islamically not appropriate which is what I explained to him and asked for a female Dr and he got annoyed, reluctant to help and came off the phone quick. Eventually I went private and paid for the medication. I asked the GP several times for help as I was suffering but they didn't care. Instead they started lying about me and forced me out of the gp having to then register elsewhere. I spoke to the ombudsman and was informed this is a usual tactic from GPs who can't be bothered to help their patients, they lie about them and remove them from the GP. I initiated an investigation when this happened and it is on going. I noticed this gp was not helpful, kept making excuses why they couldn't help me, not just in the diabetic aspect but for anything else like referrals. They do come accross anti towards Muslims and they will lie about it but I have witnessed the difference in the way they talk and treat other people.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
This is entirely untrue. We have responded to your prior complaint. We wish you all the best.

Author: Mohammad A
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is honest comment . They are the most dis organised GP in the area. Please avoid them.one example if you have appointment at 12:00 they will see u by 1 pm. And if you complain they say it is normal
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
We are very sorry the GP was running late today. I can see that we apologised after 30 mins. Unfortunately sometimes meeting a patient’s immediate needs can cause delays for others. We are sorry. Thank you for treating our reception team respectfully.
