Practice: ST ALBANS SURGERY
Canonical code: F82017
Postcode: RM9 6EA
Google Maps title: ST ALBANS SURGERY
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/ST+ALBANS+SURGERY/@51.5357298,0.1131703,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sST+ALBANS+SURGERY+RM9+6EA!3m8!1s0x47d8a5a26d855555:0x30a916248b5e41e7!8m2!3d51.5368041!4d0.1334241!9m1!1b1!15sChlTVCBBTEJBTlMgU1VSR0VSWSBSTTkgNkVBkgEPc3VyZ2ljYWxfY2VudGVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F11g6vgyyvf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82017-st-albans-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: popa uzi
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just saw doctor Nazaire Khrystle and I can say she is a very good professional, kind , calm and she knows how ro explain to patients so they can understand properly.

Author: Clair Moughton
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The surgery is so helpful, from the reception staff through to the nurses and doctors. These have been my GP surgery since birth and I can honestly say they are so supportive, helpful and friendly. If you treat people with respect, you are treated with respect! Please remember that.... Thank you for your continued support :)

Author: siva siven
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude receptionist and poor communication. Waiting for appointment more than an hour.

Author: Anu B
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give minus zero stars, I would! This practice is extremely poorly managed. I highly recommend people do not join. I regret signing up and am now looking to leave. It is almost impossible to get an appointment, even when calling exactly at 8am. The eConsult system is also misleading, it clearly states you will receive a call back the next day before 6:30pm, which simply does not happen, ever! When you eventually do get a call, communication is very difficult, most doctors are not fluent in English and the phone line quality is terrible. The reception staff are consistently rude and unhelpful, which only adds to the frustration. I also had a poor experience with a physiotherapist (I believe Indian, unfortunately I can’t recall her name). Overall, this is an unprofessional practice with very poor patient care. Please avoid.

Author: John
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great helpful staff. GP does listen to Yr problems.

Author: Shak Choudhury
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Merely rubbish. Every morning called at 8:00 AM on time yet the receptionist said all appointment slots were booked. I don’t know if she’s lying. There is no accountability. They don’t care even if you have major problems. Always advises to call hub. If I need to call hub why am I registered with this surgery? Freaking ridiculous.

Author: Mr C
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I wouldn’t recommend because whoever runs the whole surgery put rules in place that they must know are not popular with the public. Good - so,me nice staff on reception and doctors (if you can get and appointment) Bad - they dont let you book appointments in advance. You have to have to call at 8am and scramble for appointments on the same day. They will say we dont book appointments in advance. So if you work then you cant arrange time of work for an appointment. Or you can try taking the day off to try amd get an appointment on the same day. Noone does that. But if you go in it is often completely empty so why are there no same dame appointment slots???? They want to book phone appointments alot. Do people want this? Face to face is needed lokdown is over now and we want to be seen please. If you email in they dont respond. 2 star for some of the doctors IF you can bet an appointment. But no point if you cnt get to see them. So the other reviews are correct. Managers must see the reviews but dont want to change things but why? Receptionists get slated in these comments but come on they don’t make the rules about appointments thye must just be tired of getting in the neck.

Author: June johnson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Today I try call them but still said 8 queue for half hour so I give up

Author: Mark Baker (UK)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give a minus rating I would but unfortunately you have to give 1 star. Tried for 2 days at various times to find out the time of my appointment as it’s not on my NHS app,after spending all morning trying to get through by phone, I’ve had to leave work early as I work in London and when I walk into the surgery still on hold on the phone (all the way from London) . When I reach the surgery it is empty of people and receptionist was sitting there , I walked to the receptionist with my phone still playing that annoying on hold music, I asked a question about answering the phone and she replied she was busy lol( what for 2 day’s )and she was alone, but I had passed the other receptionist on the way in to the surgery. It has a sign in reception saying they are one of the best in the borough, if this is as good as it gets in the borough, I wouldn’t like to see the worst. The surgery I’ve been at for many years , but it’s absolutely on the floor as most reviews prove. It’s not getting any better since my last review it’s getting worse.

Author: Brynton Drewett
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good Doctors, very professional and stuff are very helpful and friendly
