Practice: ABBEY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: F82625
Postcode: IG11 8RJ
Google Maps title: Abbey Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 190
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Abbey+Medical+Centre/@51.5413039,0.0765908,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a66e9400040f:0x2063c4aa27db610c!8m2!3d51.5413006!4d0.0791711!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq6pld2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82625-abbey-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A M
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst practice I have ever come across. Had to join elsewhere! Rude staff. Rude doctors. Rude manager. I had Covid and doctor diagnosed me with a chest infection! Each and every single one of them is unprofessional. Not one speck of diversity and they’re only nice to people from their country. Service and staff are egregiously terrible! Be warned.

Author: Анна Регуш
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have seen Dr Hannah Yonis twice, and I can say with complete confidence that she is the best doctor I have ever had. She is incredibly kind, compassionate, and attentive. From the very first moment, you can tell that she genuinely cares and truly wants to help, not just go through the motions of an appointment. She listens carefully, explains everything calmly and clearly, and makes you feel supported, safe, and understood. After seeing her, you leave with the feeling that you were truly heard and cared for. Doctors like her are very rare. I absolutely adore her and would recommend Dr Hannah Yonis to everyone without hesitation. She is a true professional with a very kind heart.

Author: Rahat Ismail
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am really happy with this surgery. Dr Thusidaran Yoganathan is one of the best GPs I have ever had. He gives you time, listens, explains and is caring. Mrs Umbreen Shafan, Patient Welfare Manager is an angel. Her kind smile, empathy and efficieny is un-matched. You feel better just by talking to her. She always does what she can to help. I am so grateful that my family and I have been happy patients here for many years. I am truly thankful to all the staff, especially Dr Thusidaran Yoganathan and Mrs Umbreen Shafan.

Author: Lubna A
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic doctor’s surgery. I feel my concerns are not taken lightly and I am taken very well care of. Reception staff are incredibly helpful and professional. I’m very happy with the services offered and ease of access to e-consult which gets fast responses.

Author: Crina Cry
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
as many times as I needed an appointment I was refused because you are still family doctors? but how can you say you called me when on October 16th I had no call or email sent, every time I needed you I was never satisfied any consultation you do not do it to me by phone I don't even know what you look like I waited all day on Thursday for you to call me, but finally we still do the consultation over the phone, like with colds and temperature, and when I had problems with asthma, I also consulted over the phone, yes I have a question, do you know what problems I have over the phone?I forgot told my number is valid
Practice response date: Edited 4 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Patient, I am sorry to hear of your recent experience. We have tried to contact you several times without success. Please contact the surgery and arrange to have a meeting with me so that we may address any issues you are facing. regards. Mr Nasir-uddin Hoque, Practice manager.

Author: Misha
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment with Thusidaran (Dr), today at the Abbey Medical Centre, He was extremely polite and inspired me to do my part in taking care of my health. He is such a credit to the surgery, kind and caring and so positive.

Author: Ayobami Ayeni
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I transferred in September, 2025. No bad experiences so far so good. Very easy to book appointments. Short waiting time. Very impressive service from the staff.

Author: Afreedah Khanom
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently joined Abbey Medical Centre and I am incredibly happy with the service I have received so far. The reception staff are proactive and eager to help. I was seen by Shadia at my most recent consultation and left feeling very reassured about my medical care. She was thorough and took the time to explain my treatment plan with great care. Thank you to the entire team for looking after your patients so well.

Author: Areej Khan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Areej Khan7 months ago

Author: Sawera Khan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sawera Khan3 reviews7 months ago
