Practice: SOUTH HORNCHURCH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: F82607
Postcode: RM13 7XJ
Google Maps title: South Hornchurch Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/South+Hornchurch+Medical+Practice/@51.5324834,0.1886743,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8bab45f4f1333:0x543d47af562423d7!8m2!3d51.5324801!4d0.1912546!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdp8wwh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82607-south-hornchurch-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: saniya
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
POOR The receptionist triage system seems really unsafe and quite scary if im honest!! I understand clinicians are busy, but when it comes to a cardiac issue especially, the lack of medical oversight can be dangerous when booking. With a background in law and healthcare (in a GP practice also), this booking system seems to need a different method of prioritisation. Dr Sheikh seems really nice and helpful but I cannot say the same for the receptionists. Called in January with a recorded HR of over 170BPM, she said this doesnt mean anything to her...before speaking to the GP she said the soonest appt I can get with a dr would be an OOH 3/4 days later. I told her how I know that a HR of 170 is serious even if it was recorded a couple days back, I then requested her name and the call ended here with her booking me for an appt OOH 4 days later-she called me back minutes later and said the Dr said I need to go ED immediately because of the severity, and it was not something to wait for OOH at all--seems that the main aspect that it was 170 a couple days back was not passed onto the Dr before calling me back and saying I need to go ED-as if my HR was not currently 170 it was not a matter for ED but an urgent GP appt. Recently called to book an urgent appt with my GP due to syncope (already have recorded tachy-and a cardio referral, which my GP would have seen if the receptionist communicated with him), rung in the morning. Had multiple new faints that week, she said the soonest she can do is in 2 days time at OOH, I asked when is the SOONEST I can see my GP, again NEW symptom of syncope and already known to have tachy. She said the soonest I can see my GP would be APRIL. I take the OOH as I need to see a dr... go in for the OOH, end up with an ambulance being called from the practice and a night in hospital--this needed an urgent GP appt that day (or at the minimum a communication with my GP/Dr before deciding), the receptionist did not communicate with the GP before offering this OOH despite saying I am now fainting multiple times. This communication with the GP COULD HAVE prevented a night stay at hospital. Not good enough.

Author: Agne Sciglo
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP I have ever had so far.

Author: tracy pearce
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
If i could just review Dr Sheik and some of the receptionists it would be 5 stars but as a whole this surgery barely scrapes a 2. We would have loved to stay on as patients but on the whole we are not supported here. My partners autism is not catered for, referrals are painfully slow, paperwork gets lost and notes missed, but most importantly as a patient with multiple joint pain, i have to justify my need for pain relief every month as it is the surgerys belief that pain relief should not be a repeat prescription. I have questioned why but never really got an answer. We need to be registered with a surgery that is understanding of complex conditions and is happy to support us while we live with these. Unfortunately this surgery is not supportive. Dr Sheik is a wonderful gp but he is not looking well himself lately, and appears stretched too thin. A couple of the receptionists are wonderful, kind and helpful but theres no guarantees that you will be lucky enough to speak to one of them when you call We would have loved to stay here, but its time we received appropriate care and support

Author: Zed N
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Update - I was finally seen by the GP who was actually very nice. Some saving grace for the surgery! Terrible surgery. First we don’t get appointments and have to wait a month, and then when you finally get an appointment you aren’t seen until you wait another hour or two! No respect of peoples time. I can understand that it’s busy hence you can’t get appointments, but what is the explanation of making patients wait for hours. I saw the Dr roaming around and after every patient a gap of 15/20 mins. Surely it doesn’t take that long for admin work! Some of us are working hard whilst some are just faffing around!!

Author: Daniel Mosuro
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This gp is not good. Sure maybe they can handle minor issues. But for many real life changing issues, I’ve come across too many arrogant health care professionals here that don’t have respect what the patient has to say.

Author: Reecy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had really good service by receptionist for the 2nd time, not sure of name (young blond lady). So helpful and patient when myself and husband were unable to share hospital letter on his phone. Sorted an issue we have been dealing with for over a year. Lady in front of us was rude to her for not having an appointment on a certain day at a certain time which she dealt with more calmly than I believe I would have. A real credit to the NHS

Author: Kamrul Islam
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They are attentive and listening to my health issues and guiding me accordingly. All the stuffs I have met so far are gentle and kind. Thanks

Author: Subhash K P
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP I HAVE EVER SEEN .doctors are unprofessional and work with the help of google!! They can’t diagnose or treat anything!! Very pathetic doctors working in the GP.Other staff are rude.unnecessary waiting time for appointments!!!

Author: Asma Zuhair
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been registered with Dr Sheikh since 2021, and I can honestly say the staff are always so welcoming and helpful. Over the years, I’ve seen a real improvement in the service — it’s now much easier to get appointments, waiting times are shorter, and the communication from the surgery has always been clear and reliable. It’s reassuring to know I’m in such good hands.

Author: Kimberley Smith
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely and understanding dentist ,who took my sons medical condition into consideration. Thankyou
