Practice: HIGHGROVE SURGERY
Canonical code: F82680
Postcode: IG11 9LX
Google Maps title: Highgrove Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 107
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Highgrove+Surgery/@51.5389176,0.0961803,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8a5ddb526be33:0xcc59dfcd4d1806cf!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a5b655e1b35f:0xbed60b9edc3b23cf!8m2!3d51.5389143!4d0.0987606!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v2d_s6b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82680-highgrove-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Fouziya
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fouziya5 days ago New

Author: ang ang
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
I had a few appointments with dr (?) Khanom in the past year and i really hate to say it but everytime im seen by her i feel more anxious and confused than before. Felt dismissed multiple times and left with no solution or further checking even after having scary VISIBLE symptoms and needing help and answers. Medical gaslighting at its best. I am going to avoid this practitioner from now on. Dr Wan (hope i spelt it right) is great. Was surprised to have a doctor there that actually listens and tries to help. The only time i had a good appointment at this gp. Wish everyone was like that.

Author: Zee
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
The receptionists here are truly wonderful, and I recently had the pleasure of speaking with the receptionist Zainab (I hope I got the spelling right) who was exceptionally kind. An issue that I have had is that my appointments with my doctor at times have been so fast that I felt we had glided over the subject to the extent I felt dismissed. I did request for a different doctor and since, the doctor's that I have spoken to have been very understanding.

Author: Kirandeep Kaur
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kirandeep Kaur3 weeks ago New

Author: Sue Shala
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sue Shala2 reviews2 months ago

Author: Sevilay Omer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cant complain for 1 thing about this gp surgery I wish i could reward then...they do everything to help ...and staff are so king...they will never turn you back..you can always get an appointment...thank you highgrove surgery

Author: Yanitsa Stoyanova
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yanitsa Stoyanova3 months ago

Author: S Shxrmin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist Jahan Ali is the rudest ever. And Lorraine too. Miserable karens. Im changing GP surgeries as they are useless

Author: Nabid
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been with this surgery for 15 years now. It's all I've ever known - I thought the way they operated and their sub par quality was just the norm, all anyone could expect from an NHS GP. After enrolling my wife to the same GP, it really opened my eyes to how poor this GP is. I've looked at other reviews to find that other people have experienced the same thing - appointments that have not been noted down on my record (so it is as if they never even took place - this was with Dr Khanom), extremely slow responses and regular delays with appointments and overall poor practise from the GPs and nurses. I've had several appointments with Dr Khanom and it seemed like I was better off not having any appointment at all - I'd leave the appointment with no resolution - I hate to say it but she seems very incompetent - and I actually try to avoid having an appointment booked with her - it gives me anxiety. I've had several occasions where I've brought an issue up to Dr Khanom and she asks me what I think the issue is, and I'm just there like "??? idk? that's why I've booked this appointment" which is followed by a lot of her umm-ing and ahh-ing and not coming to any conclusion or next steps, I went about ear pain one time and she said there's not much that can be done, the ear seems fine. My wife raised other issues with her and she did not seem to understand the issue at all. Dr Ade-Alade always seems like she's in such a rush (no wonder since they're always behind schedule) and very dismissive of mine or my wife's issues. The male doctor that comes every other Friday is very good. And the nurse Dr gulev (who I believe has left now) was also great - they would listen and actually respond to what you're saying and inspire you with confidence regarding the next steps. The receptionists are hit and miss, they seem to have hired some more friendly helpful ones recently - but the original staff are still quite unhelpful and standoffish. Anyway, we've been considering leaving - and experiencing some other GPs for some other appointments have really opened our eyes to how bad this one is - would not recommend to anyone. Will be leaving this instant. Edit: can't even complain to the surgery via online as they've removed the online complaints form lol. Sums it up.

Author: XAHARAH
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Neglect after neglect after neglect. I've written reviews on this GP already, their neglect has cost me my mental health so many years and the willingness keep going.
