Practice: DR AA ANSARI'S PRACTICE
Canonical code: F82650
Postcode: IG11 9RS
Google Maps title: Ripple Road Medical Centre, Dr Ansari
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ripple+Road+Medical+Centre,+Dr+Ansari/@51.5353545,0.0910745,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a60c97209eb3:0x9e53ba9f1bec7ddf!8m2!3d51.5353512!4d0.0936548!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj570rx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.25
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F82650-dr-aa-ansaris-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anamul Hasan
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Anamul HasanLocal Guide · 20 reviews · 110 photos3 weeks ago New

Author: Ragnar Lothbrok
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely fed up from this surgery and staff my father had appointment written on a card for today at 10:40 and 11:00 blood test and then nurse who ever wrote on card the time date is uneducated they put both appointments for today 20/2/2026 but one was for march I couldn’t book my father on screen in surgery for both appointments so I went to reception I explained both are today the lady at reception said take a seat he went for blood test first then second apportionment for 11:00 o’clock we waited till 12:15 went to reception again same lady said it’s next month not today it’s been written down wrong if she would have told me when I booked him in we wouldn’t be sat in surgery for 2 hours I am sick and tired of this service I refuse to bring my disabled father in any more to this surgery every time it’s hours we wait in surgery

Author: Pantho hdu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Pantho hdu6 reviewsa month ago

Author: Iqra Shawn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Iqra Shawn1 reviewa month ago

Author: Bessenyei Gyula
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very slow respond and poor work They never has appointment if need it Reception area always smelling

Author: Angus Samuel
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been treated by Dr Shahid for the last 6 weeks. She has been excellent at listening to my concerns and taken time to explain my options for treatment. I am very happy with the treatment I have received so far.

Author: Tamara Jacobs
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a member of this surgery for about one year. I have only had good experiences with the GPs and other members of staff. The receptionist, Narinda has always been friendly and helpful to me and she also has a beautiful smile! If you ever need an injection, especially if it's a B12 injection - Nurse Abiola Lopes is excellent! She knew how to wield a needle into my arm in such a way, that I barely felt it. I have always found her to be patient and helpful.

Author: Lee Smith
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I had to raise a formal complaint due to being told to wait over two weeks for an appointment to discuss the results of a serious knee condition. This delay is unacceptable, as the condition has left me practically unable to walk and without any prescribed medication or a course of action. I saw various doctors a total of five times. Only the last doctor, Dr. Lucy Apps, finally took the condition seriously enough to arrange an MRI scan. I am grateful that at least one person had the human decency to treat my serious medical issue with the urgency it requires.

Author: sarah hassan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disappointed with the way this surgery handles patient requests and communication. I contacted them regarding my full medical records, which I urgently need for a new job role. I was told to come in and fill out a form, which I did, and was assured it would be ready by the end of October or the first week of November. When I followed up just now, I was told the request was filed on 21 October a date that makes no sense since I was not even in the country then. I tried to explain this, but the receptionist was extremely rude, dismissive, and unhelpful. She cut me off, insisted I was wrong, said she’d “leave a note,” and hung up abruptly without offering any support or resolution. There was zero empathy, no accountability, and no basic customer service. Patients deserve to be treated with respect and compassion, especially when dealing with something as important as medical records that affect employment. The way this was handled shows a complete lack of professionalism and care for patients’ needs. Once this request is fulfilled, I will be moving to a different GP practice that values and respects its patients.

Author: Stefania Draghici
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had a disappointing experience at Dr. Ansari’s GP practice. Some of the reception staff are quite rude and unhelpful, which makes things very difficult for patients who are already unwell and in need of support. In particular, the receptionist named Umi has been especially unprofessional and lacking in basic courtesy. Patients deserve kindness and understanding when they come for medical help, not frustration or dismissive attitudes. I hope the management takes this feedback seriously and provides proper training to improve the level of care and respect shown to patients. Doctor Ansari is very nice.
