Practice: ST PETER'S STREET MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: F83032
Postcode: N1 8JG
Google Maps title: St Peters Street Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 120
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Peters+Street+Medical+Practice/@51.5354427,-0.1029907,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761b5df0ee58a3:0xb12f82f00efb8b40!8m2!3d51.5354394!4d-0.1004104!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thfdy5q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F83032-st-peters-street-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: AJ Shazad
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
There is a reason for the low rating here despite google not allowing 0 star rating. Incompetent people running this practice for sure. Shannon at reception is often dismissive and would put people needing help off from contacting this GP for any form of help. Dismissive attitude all around even if one manages to get past Shannon or the reception team. In true schizophrenic fashion, once or twice a year they wake up (could be something to do with annual reviews). Appointment request from 6 months ago is then offered instantaneously on the next day. Total joke of a GP practice currently. Back in 2017, used to be one of the best practices in Islington. GPs make money by number registered patients. It is definitely time for those of us treated badly by this GP to move to other practices.

Author: Saida Abdullahi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saida Abdullahia month ago

Author: virginia list
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
virginia listLocal Guide · 14 reviews · 6 photos4 months ago

Author: youness kaab
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst service ever, you can be dying, they do not care, the doctor is not available, that's the only thing they are keen to tell you!! Their BS e-consulting, what a joke, I should think of stopping paying thousands of £/ year for NHS, because when you're in need, they keep you waiting until you're discouraged. Registration transferred successfully.

Author: Davey New
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrendous surgery. Practise manager is always away so you can never make a complaint.

Author: Anna Robinson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I did an e consult with them on 11 th July, was told I would be put on the list for a GP appointment, I waited patiently,it not being super urgent. Followed up 3 weeks later, was given an appointment so went along, only for it to be a phone call appointment and it was for a pharmacist. Explained in person that I didn't think that was the right person but the junior receptionist, Shanon, I think is her name, argued confidently oh yes that was how they did things here. Sure enough when I spoke to pharmacist, it was wrong, despite the trainee receptionist in person telling me so confidently it was. Now following up for a real appointment, same junior receptionist, who has a disclaimer under her name that she is a trainee in the practice, says " well there ain't none, that's how it is". She is apparently unsupervised. I find this absolutely unprofessional and the fact that I have waited patiently and reasonably and am frustrated that a junior non medically qualified receptionist is given such authority and attitude to deal with their registered patients. This would not be acceptable in my workplace, I am sure this is not what the medical partners to this GP practice would condone.

Author: SunnyNicky
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's a disaster zone. Agressive uneducated locums, poor planning,rude and unhelpful receptionists. If they can find an excuse to delay seeing you they will. You can try to call, day in, day out if you have time on your hands, and are happy to be on hold for 20 to 30mins. Shame, it used to be a good practice.Now they just have a really bad attitude.

Author: Monica Lam
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve just moved my registration over to Ritchie Street GP as I can no longer take their disorganisation. I had a baby in April and they have been all over the place with vaccinations and check ups, each time I call I get a different person not knowing what the right protocol is and the last call I had before I moved GPs I was trying again to get an 8 week check for the baby who was already turning 12 weeks already but the next appointment was not available until mid Aug, crazy.

Author: Joshua Bugg
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I'm very disappointed with the way appointments are run. eConsult is so impersonal and dehumanising. Filling in an online form removes any professional discretion from the service. Choosing an option such as "Are you in pain?" where 'No' gets you an appointment and 'Yes' has you told to seek urgent medial advice is very anxiety-inducing when my symptoms aren't so black and white. Consequently, I call the practice who bypass the system – so what was the point? Where was the 'urgent care'? This is not how healthcare should work. This is a human experience. It distresses me to think it will only get worse as these systems get replaced by AI and it becomes harder and harder to speak to a human.

Author: Brendan Quirke
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I phoned this morning & was given an appointment for this afternoon 👏👏.Can I say a massive thankyou to the ladies on reception for their brilliant effort to get me the medical help I required (Lauren) .While @ the surgery I witnessed an abusive customer,which in my opinion is totally unacceptable. These reception staff do not need to come to work & suffer for the failings of an overwhelmed service,they're doing there upmost to assist (Lauren,Nicki).So show a little respect (& if you're reading this NHS man,you know who you are) 🫡🫡🫡🫡🫡
