Practice: THE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: F83673
Postcode: N7 8DD
Google Maps title: The Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 60
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Medical+Centre/@51.5508152,-0.1121977,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761b713ad8bf45:0x4a9f81f3e2854d3f!8m2!3d51.5508119!4d-0.1096174!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tvq3m1z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F83673-the-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Barry Bey
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Overall, my GP staff are lovely, Friendly understanding, Lynda and Gill are truly sweethearts I appreciate the care provided by most of the team. However, I would like to raise a concern about my interactions with Dr Abdulqadir Ahmed-Nur. On multiple occasions, I have reported symptoms where my hands become numb, change colour, and turn very pale, as if there is a lack of blood flow. Despite explaining this clearly, I felt that my concerns were not taken seriously. I was advised in a dismissive manner to “wear gloves” or “wear socks on my hands,” in a smirking way pointing at his socks which came across as inappropriate and not a thorough medical response to the symptoms I described. These symptoms are ongoing and concerning for me, and I would have appreciated a more careful assessment or further investigation rather than feeling dismissed. I wanted to share this feedback in the hope that future interactions can be more supportive and attentive when patients raise genuine health concerns

Author: Charlotte
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Medical centre needs an online booking form that actually works please. I had a regular prescription which stopped suddenly. I went to the website which directs you to patient access. I searched for repeat pill and it gives me a list of pharmacies to pay for medication? I don’t want to pay for my prescription… No option to actually book a GP appointment or to re-order my prescription. I also tried to search for smear/ cervical on Patient access but there are “no options” given. How does the online platform work exactly if no options are given to book appointments :(

Author: attar hmida
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
attar hmida1 review6 months ago

Author: 日月
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
A few days ago, I had an appointment with Dr. Abdulqadir Ahmed-Nur. It was my first time seeing him. When I returned to the clinic because there was an error with my prescription, and I was about to leave, he apologised about his mistake while stroking my hand. I found this completely unnecessary and inappropriate. I attend GP appointments for my depression, and this incident has definitely worsened both my depression and anxiety. I want to stress that Nurse Miss Misodzi Rukanda and Dr. Rahman, whom I have seen before, have been consistently professional and compassionate.

Author: Prudence Greenwood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Despite being prescribed medicines by a consultant and having multiple appointments with the Gps to agree it.... The g p has decided to just stop prescribing it to me when Ive asked for a repeat without explanation or discussion, leave me without medication. Borders on negligence.

Author: Y. K.
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Haven't found a reason to reduce stars so far.

Author: Rabia Rafa
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good team

Author: S
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
S3 reviewsa year ago

Author: Leon Watson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great people!

Author: D Writes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
First things first: 1. Dr Yurita is good at his job. 2. I've never met Dr Edoman, but our few consultations via emails and telephones have been fine, I guess. 3. Locums are always a blessing to encounter as they're significantly more thorough. I've been meaning to write this review for years and years after almost every visit to the surgery... The reception staff are AWFUL and I'm officially SICK of them!!! While Gill is nicer to liaise with, Pauline is the bane of my life. The woman must be severely hard of hearing, SURELY! I ALWAYS have to repeat myself several times when she asks for my date of birth and name. It's almost as if she's trolling you the amount of times she then gets everything wrong. To date she's given me incorrect containers for tests, booked a completely different patient for an appointment instead of me. The volume she speaks at is unacceptable and compromises patients confidential data. Anyone, whether waiting at the surgery or speaking to her colleagues on the phone, could easily take notes of patient info whilst she's yelling them out. Many times you can hear shouting and guffawing in the background when you call up which I deem unprofessional.
