Practice: SOMERFORD GROVE PRACTICE
Canonical code: F84033
Postcode: N16 7UA
Google Maps title: Somerford Grove Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Somerford+Grove+Practice/@51.5538153,-0.0751232,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761c8b0f0a6c5b:0xeb0f36e01d394698!8m2!3d51.553812!4d-0.0725429!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tvgttw9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F84033-somerford-grove-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Isaac
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Julie was an amazing person wonderful Nurse

Author: Ella Steyn
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Julie is the best

Author: Madison Lewis
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly so grateful to have a doctor’s that listens. A couple years ago I wouldn’t have said the same thing but since 2-3 years ago this surgery has been on the up. I’ve never felt so listened to at a doctor’s before. They’re so quick and efficient and always manage to slot me in. Special shoutout to Dr Adelson, she’s very sweet and you can tell she puts her heart into the job. Thanks guys!

Author: Helen Griffiths
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Julie was understsnding of my being nervous for a cervical smear. An unpleasant process msde better by her calm and strategic cate

Author: Naomi A
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Julie, is very attentive and made me feel super comfortable

Author: melike bağdatlı
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an appointment for the smear test. Miss Julie Barnett welcomed me very warmly. I was acting a little anxious and shy and she made me feel very comfortable. I did not feel any pain during the procedure. That was great. She also informed me about the details of the process. Thank you very much for your help Julie 🍀 …

Author: Yasmin A
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to say how incredibly grateful I am for this GP practice. The receptionists are always so kind, patient, and genuinely helpful, nothing ever feels like too much trouble, and they really go out of their way to help. From the very first point of contact, I always feel welcomed and supported. The nurses are equally wonderful. They are caring, gentle, and reassuring, and always take the time to explain things clearly and put me at ease. Their kindness and professionalism make such a difference, especially during appointments involving my baby. The doctors are just as attentive and compassionate. I always feel listened to, never rushed or dismissed, and the care and support I’ve received for both myself and my baby have been outstanding. I’ve never once left feeling unheard, in fact, it’s always been the complete opposite. They all truly go above and beyond, and it makes such a difference. Thank you all for your compassion, dedication, and kindness. It really doesn’t go unnoticed, and I feel so lucky to be registered with such a wonderful practice.

Author: Andrew Vince
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Somerford Grove Practice is a very good surgery. I have been with several different GP surgeries in the past, and since joining this practice in Hackney 3 year ago I have been very impressed with Somerford Grove. They have always been there when needed, not just for me, but also for my partner and my mother in law who has complexed medical needs. I would highly recommend this GP surgery as they are kind, caring, and have drs who have different specialtys, and they do take care of you really well.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share such a thoughtful review. We are delighted to hear that you have felt well supported by the team. I will share your feedback with the team.

Author: Gaby Mia
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Please do not use the GP’s at this practice. We had a very unfortunate experience with them. My husband went to them on several occasions in March of 2025 with abdominal pains. They did some blood and stool tests and they came back with some inflammation but they didn’t look into it any further. They said he had IBS and told him to drink peppermint tea! My husband returned with continued pain and then a bloating stomach, at this point he was losing weight on the rest of his body but tummy was growing, again they dismissed him and told him to lose some weight! My husband begged them to refer him for a scan, he had been in discomfort for months at this point, they refused to refer him, told him it would be a waste of time as it’s just IBS. To cut a long story short we eventually had to go to a&e it got so unbearable and he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer metastasised to the peritoneum. We battled for 9 months until my husband passed away in December. I feel like if the GP’s had listened to him and referred him for a scan when he had asked, he may have had a fighting chance. I’m absolutely appalled by his treatment and the lack of care or respect for patients at this practice. It’s disgusting. I don’t know which GP it was unfortunately but I know he saw a couple of different ones here, how is it that they can all be so incompetent. You took away the love of my life. I hope you never get the chance to ruin someone else’s life. Should be shut down. Disgusting!

Author: Duarte Nunes
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The guy from the benefits give wrong informations on purpose so we dont get the enhanced rate of benefits.....It does give any useful information at all
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback. To clarify, the individual mentioned works for a different organisation that operates independently within our building and is not employed by us. We recommend contacting their organisation directly to address your concerns.
