Practice: HARLEY GROVE MEDICAL CTR.
Canonical code: F84044
Postcode: E3 2AT
Google Maps title: Harley Grove Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 101
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Harley+Grove+Medical+Centre/@51.5275664,-0.0301145,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761d39a35e795b:0xc0dd9e31c3e63fb2!8m2!3d51.5275631!4d-0.0275342!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c14y2082?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F84044-harley-grove-medical-ctr.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ali And sons
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been coming here for years and always have a new issue. They always see that I’m seen to and get the best treatment. I don’t know what all these negative reviews are about.

Author: Lovely Chaudhury
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely Chaudhury2 months ago

Author: Numan Hussain
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Numan Hussain14 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Maeve Smyth
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The GPs here are really dismissive and make you feel like you are wasting their time. I had an allergic reaction which resulted in facial swelling and hives breaking out all over my body - despite not having any known allergies. When I told my GP about this she said that 'we cannot do an allergy test for every person that has an allergic reaction, everyone has these reactions at some point'. On the NHS website it states that an allergy test is appropriate if you have had a reaction with an unknown trigger. I don't feel that I can trust the GPs here with my safety and wellbeing anymore. I book an appointment for medical advice, not to be told 'everyone gets sick sometimes, get over it'. Just an update on this - I have now had three separate allergic reactions where I have to been rushed to A&E with serious facial swelling and hives. They are clearly serious as I was put in the resuscitation area as soon as I got to A&E. I still do not know the trigger and I have still been denied an allergy test by my GP so I will be changing to a different surgery as this unacceptable and dangerous.

Author: Neelabh
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I think this GP has resigned from helping people. The doctors and staff are simply going through the motions of NHS guidelines and not really interested in helping people approaching them. When I went to sign up, they didn’t have forms, they even refused saying I must sign up online. When I called during a real problem, they said they’d have to review the information and get back in a week, no reply after a month. Their friendly smiles hides a desire to take no responsibility for their community or make the effort to provide preventative care. I think it’s best for them to shut down or just be honest and say that it’s better to sign up elsewhere. Update: recently I changed my GP and managed to get a hub appointment here. I’m really surprised that they don’t have appointments for their own patients but enough time to see referred ones. The staff was extremely unhelpful (more interested in chatting with each other about politics than helping patients) and if you’re not from their “specific” community of locals, they’re gonna ignore you completely. It seems this GP has an agenda that I cannot understand. I was left waiting for a half hour because the guy told me to sit down. Then when I enquired, he said I should know how to do stuff myself. I’ve paid £3000 to the nhs for a £3 pound service in the last two years, the least they could do is be a little bit helpful to those who are new.

Author: Aynul Hussain
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Recent receptions services very rude and poor!

Author: nafia rahman
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Merley is amazing took care of my wound dressing & went above and beyond !!

Author: Yasmin Khatun
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am writing to express my disappointment regarding an unpleasant experience I recently had with one of your new receptionists, Muskaan. I have been a patient at Harley Grove Medical Centre for nearly 25 years and have always received respectful and professional service from your team — until this recent encounter. During my last visit, Muskaan displayed an unprofessional attitude from the moment I approached the desk. When I politely asked for an appointment card, she responded with visible irritation, rolled her eyes, and even kissed her teeth. This kind of behaviour is completely unacceptable, especially in a healthcare environment where patients deserve courtesy and respect. I understand that everyone can have an off day, but as a new employee representing your practice, her conduct left a very poor impression. If the centre is hiring new staff, I would urge you to ensure they are trained not only in administrative duties but also in professionalism and patient interaction. I hope this feedback is taken seriously and addressed appropriately, as I would like to continue receiving the high standard of care I’ve always experienced at Harley Grove Medical Centre.

Author: James Young
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Don't get all the negatives reviews. Have been a patient here for a few years and it's been amazing!

Author: zoe ladlow
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This place should be closed down if reception can not book you an appointment then why have a receptionist it is the worse doctors they must be up to no good
