Practice: LOWER CLAPTON GENERAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: F84003
Postcode: E5 0RD
Google Maps title: Lower Clapton General Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 189
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lower+Clapton+General+Practice/@51.5534692,-0.0541123,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761cfc24add9ef:0xee3d17f1e4d27656!8m2!3d51.5534659!4d-0.051532!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc68q5bd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F84003-lower-clapton-general-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: H D
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
H D2 reviews3 days ago New

Author: Jane Noble
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
I left this practice after many years as I was not listened to and subsequently given the wrong advice and ended up in hospital. I am much happier with the new practice I have joined and realise how poor LCHC actually was.

Author: Karen Davidson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an NHS health check at the surgery this morning carried out by Sherif who was so lovely. She listened to me and on top of the routine blood pressure, weight and general cardiac risk analysis she took bloods in response to me requesting a long overdue thyroid check. As I was having the blood test for this, she also included full blood checks for other things. She was friendly, approachable and professional. I will definitely try to book appointments with her in the future if I can. I felt so at ease during the check and very glad I responded to the invite the surgery sent me. Also, the new surgery is absolutely amazing!

Author: Sergy G
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve called them 5 times regarding my medication to be sent to my pharmacy and they haven’t and I’m delayed with my medication for 4 days now…. Been on the phone for more than 1 hour and no one has answered this is just a terrible service

Author: A google user
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Cannot fault the service provided by the GP's and clinicians, But the receptionists are unhelpful, and do not listen. Even when you put your request in writing they do not read it, evidenced by the errors caused by ignoring written instructions. I am very tech/internet savvy but the booking system has me totally perplexed and is an absolute joke. Please fix it! If after trying for over a month to get an appointment I give up and in desperation, go into the centre, and explain to you the trouble I have had trying to book, please don't then ask patients to go back to 'Ask my GP'! When someone explains the problems they have been having and you tell them to do that - it shows that you have just not listened to a single word! It's just ignorant. Sorry to say this but you really need to employ new receptionists with listening skills.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
I’m sorry the level of service we have provided hasn’t met that which you would expect. Please do get in touch with us directly so that we can investigate further. This helps us improve the experience for everyone.

Author: Sylwia Widulinska
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely disappointed with the service. I requested an urgent call back from a nurse because my mum was feeling unwell after taking her medication she has recently suffered a heart attack. This is a serious clinical concern yet no urgency was shown and no call back was received. When it comes to post heart attack patients and possible medication reactions delays can put lives at risk. This lack of response care is unacceptable and neglectful I will be escalating this further as patient safety clearly has not been prioritised.

Author: Neen Sever
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Considering how the NHS is doing overall in this country, especially for us queer folks, this practice really stood out to me for efficiency. There are doctors who are actually trained about the basic transcare and they provided life saving help and medication when everyone else turned their backs on me. It is not perfect, but I am sure if the staff and the system had more funds, personnel and GPs wouldn't be so stretched out and overworked and could show deeper care - because it doesn't feel to me like most of them don't care. The new Anima online booking is a bit long, but after filling up the form I always got feedback and help timely. There is no direct way to access my records, so admin request get clunky, but staff have always responded to my requests to send me documents and whatnot. I feel like there is hope in a system that is crazily underfund...

Author: Kisha Kish
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I must say the receptionists here have been very good this year, they sound genuine, caring and do their best to assist. Most importantly they call you back when they promised to do so. Really impressed by this, and truly appreciate this care. As it was not the case in previous years.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Thank you for this feedback. We have been able to upgrade our phone system so that you can now ask for a callback which saves the long hold on the line. Our receptionists will always call you back. They really want to help and this ability to call at a time when there are less distractions means they can more easily address your concerns.

Author: Menna El-Guindy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently transferred myself and two daughters to LCGP from another surgery in Newham. The level of service has been incomparable to my previous surgery. All of my experiences with the reception staff have been brilliant and I find that they are proactive with calling me to get vaccinations etc booked in. The app is also really easy to use and I’ve had prescriptions filled and appointments booked almost immediately. One of the nurses was incredible with my 2 year old daughter, who was recently vaccinated, taking time to reassure her ahead of the injection. It’s nice to see a medical practitioner, who is clearly stretched for time, go that extra mile to make their patient feel comfortable. Thank you LCGP!

Author: Deborah Charles
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had the misfortune of running in to a young Asian lady who was very rude very aggressive and in my opinion should not be on reception the staff need training on how to speak to the general public.I was left feel disrespected. Belittled and very emotional. The practice speaks about how the general public should act, but doesn't talk about how staff should treat patience. Very disappoint and will be making a formal complaint
