Practice: SUTTONS WHARF HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: F84123
Postcode: E2 0FA
Google Maps title: Suttons Wharf Health Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 170
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Suttons+Wharf+Health+Centre/@51.5290773,-0.0443681,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761dc602ff0fa5:0xfc73aa2e470bdd11!8m2!3d51.529074!4d-0.0417878!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11rhwj2f69?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F84123-suttons-wharf-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: F
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have seen various doctors over last couple years and the practice travel nurse. More than satisfied with the service. I have never experienced issues getting an appointment, the practice is modern and clean, and the care I've received has been great. Would recommend this practice for those in the area. Many negative reviews seem to be about issues that no NHS GP is able to solve these days and would be better directed to your MP!

Author: Karen Mak
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful and uncompassionate service from reception - absolutely do not recommend

Author: Ells
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Price and Nurse Tackley are two of the best medical professionals I’ve ever seen. Lots of effort made to communicate effectively, make you feel heard and explore all options. Very thankful to have found this practice after years of feeling dismissed.

Author: Taslima Akhtar
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Taslima AkhtarLocal Guide · 33 reviews · 15 photosEdited 2 weeks ago

Author: Alex
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Honestly eould give less stars if I could. This health centre has one of the worst cases of malpractice，negligence and medical incompidance I have ever seen，and it NEEDS to be shut down. I have been on my new med for 3 months going into 4， and they have still some how left it out of my reccuring med list. When I called about this I was informed the GP does not take prescription requests on calls and i had to either fill a form on nhs 111 or call my pharmacy！Like it is you messing up my med order and you wont even fix something so easy on the phone？ then once I had the issue fixed which took me calling 3 months in a row and spending 1 hour，I was told and I quote “due to you recent request for an inhalor you have been scheduled for a review.” making it sound like because I had simply order my med （which is a life saving medication）I now have to go in and do a review when I had already done one！when I called to ask where a complaint or report can be made to trigger an investigation they said we cannot help you with that. meaning they are not willing to help me locate the place or websote I need and worried for an investigation. As by law they have to point you to the right place for complaints.

Author: Sunny Paul
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such a friendly environment and all the staffs are very cooperative.

Author: Chloé Jaccoud
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Requesting an appointment online and waiting all afternoon when they told you in the phone someone is gonna contact you in 30 minutes is really feeling dehumanising. I’m hurt and in pain, I want to see a doctor but the medical receptionist can’t tell me if there is any appointments available because it’s not his job? What do I just go to the hospital even though it’s not an emergency or life threatening?

Author: Mya Amani
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had to come onto here to be the voice of my mother as she has limited digital skills. I want to know if it’s a requirement for receptionist to be rude to get into this job? My mother has panic attacks just going into the GP for test results or appointment booking because of a specific receptionist staff. She is a female most likely East African/ Somali to be specific I could be wrong. The way she talks to people without even listening to them shocks me. I’m surprised they allow staff to speak to vulnerable patients like this. I thought only dogs could bark until I heard the experience my mother has had with this ‘woman’. I would LOVE to come across this woman if I ever come in with my mother and see if she would dare speak to me in this way or does she just do this to people with limited English and limited digital skills? People like this need training on customer service. If she is having trouble at home maybe her manager should approve some time off to sort her domestics out instead of being given access to vulnerable patients who she takes her misery out on. No one is forcing her to be in this job.

Author: BUILDHOLLYWOOD
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a great experience with Nurse Vicky who conducted my Pap smear. What can usually be an awkward and sometimes sore procedure was instead a gentle, comfortable and well communicated one - with a great deal of care taken from Vicky to ensure you’re ok throughout, followed by lots of advice and next steps. I’d really recommend booking in with her and Suttons Wharf practice.

Author: Patricia Walsh
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This Health Centre is shocking trying to get an update on 2 week pathway for my mum and its now been a week with no update with the receptionist putting the phone down when i question why is it taking so long and he seemed surprised that i thought he should have an update working there and that he should be able to find out. Saying that once you actually speak to the doctors they are good and have helped my mum. It is just the attitude of the other staff and there no compassion.
