Practice: KEATS SURGERY
Canonical code: F85010
Postcode: N9 9HJ
Google Maps title: Keats Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 55
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Keats+Surgery/@51.6285748,-0.0786298,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761ec49c913087:0x79003bd7641b02e2!8m2!3d51.6285715!4d-0.0760495!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc636d72?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85010-keats-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zuhal Atalay
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I generally prefer private healthcare to avoid stress, but after moving, I had to register my baby with this GP for her vaccinations. Despite the standard 5-day process, my 8-week-old is missing her vaccine window because the registration isn’t complete. The person on the phone was extremely rude, questioning why I hadn’t registered earlier—without considering that I work and simply didn’t have the time. Frankly, it’s not their business to question my schedule; they should just do their job. Not everyone can sit at home all day; people in this country work and rely on timely healthcare. If staff only adds stress instead of helping, why are they in this role?”

Author: Dave Ham
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don't understand why they have a low rating? Dr Basson is the best doctor I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Hands down

Author: Samrawit Tekia
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just called the GP today 22 DEC at 15:27 to ask when can I pick my son’s prescription. The receptionist was very rude and was very unpleasant. All I asked was can I go and collect it now because sometimes when you go to pick up medication from pharmacy they say it is not ready. She reply saying “I DON’T KNOW I TOLD YOU, YOU CAN GO AND GET IT” Very rude tone and unprofessional. Needs training to answer questions in a professional way.

Author: THE GOLDFISH
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Office stuff incredibly rude and just don't do there jobs,one doctor laughed at me when I asked for a sick note for kidney stones then backtracked after seeing my CT they have killed many patients due to negligence please look up the cases

Author: Calli Pellegrini
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This one-star review is not a reflection on Dr Gnana or Dr Basson, both of whom have been excellent in caring for my late father and now my elderly mother, who has Alzheimer’s. However, the systems and staffing at the surgery have significantly declined. The shift to using E-Consult exclusively as the first point of contact has made accessing care unnecessarily difficult. Worse still, the triage and responses are now outsourced to a third-party provider, which can choose to not forward important patient information to the surgery. In some cases, they redirect the issue to NHS 111, effectively removing the patient’s right to be treated by their own GP. This is neither a safe nor patient-centred system. Reception staff are mixed—some are polite and extremely helpful, while others are astonishingly unprofessional. Recently, one receptionist told me I was “lucky” they were willing to pass on a message to my mother’s doctor. Today, despite being instructed by a different receptionist to bring in a urine sample for my mother (which I did at the earliest opportunity, considering her condition), the receptionist on duty flatly refused to accept it or pass it to the doctor, for a simple dipstick test that the doctor could carry out in a minute. Instead, I was met with an obstructive attitude, delivered with utter contempt. A total lack of concern of the impact of their jobsworth attitude. It took the practice manager to intervene and take the sample in for the doctor to check. This kind of behaviour shows a complete lack of compassion and an alarming disregard for the needs of extremely vulnerable patients. It’s deeply concerning that individuals displaying this level of indifference are working in frontline roles in an NHS GP surgery.

Author: Nigel H
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is an outstanding surgery. Three recent experiences: 1. Going in on a busy morning with an ear infection (these cannot wait) and being called and then seen in 30 minutes. 2. Real attention to family elders with dementia (visits, blood tests, help in a bereavement…). 3. The receptionists trawling my records to try and rectify errors in the NHS data from a prior practice. Really appreciate the commitment!

Author: Csilla Rakos
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had one of the best experiences. Excellent team and great doctors. The best GP I ever had. I’m hopeful again regardless all my health issues, and I can’t emphasise what that means when we start ageing and going in pieces. Thank you so much for taking care of me, you give me not just hope but find solutions and cure. Special thanks for Miss Fahmida for her knowledge and abilities, she is exceptional in her role.

Author: irene blanchard
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
irene blanchard9 months ago

Author: Yvette O'field
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been a patient at this surgery for 30 years. Says it all. Thank you Keats Surgery

Author: Michael Seamer
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dy yannanna does not listen to me and looks down on me its not very nice to be continually fobed off tried to get an antibiotic put out the secretary basically fobbed me of telling me they can't do anything when I told them I need it I'm real bad she said make appointment for next week we can't do nothing and was real rude had to do a 111 appointment with was very good and the dr gave me 4 scripts 2 antibiotics 1 steroid and another for leg cramps and was told good thing I got seen as I was at critical point sever respiratory infection and if I wasn't seen I would more than likely have to be admitted to hospital they need to be toatly overlooked in fact I am going to report them next week and I advise others to do the same thing dr bassoon is the only one that will listen and provide help he is very good buy not always available dr yannana just does not care she is just worried about keeping costs down at the patients expense avoid yannana at costs even if you have to go to walking at least you will have a chance. She needs striking off like I said I'm reporting them properly next week.
