Practice: HAVERGAL SURGERY
Canonical code: F85060
Postcode: N15 3DY
Google Maps title: Havergal Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 132
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Havergal+Surgery/@51.5891945,-0.1046869,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761bfa71c23a4d:0x7154994762fd35f!8m2!3d51.5891912!4d-0.1021066!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2_8s1k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85060-havergal-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: studio tandoi
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly staff and a very caring doctor. I felt listened to and well looked after. Thank you to the whole team.

Author: Jeremy Glowacki
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
The reception staff could benefit from improving their customer service, as the interactions have sometimes felt unfriendly. Appointments also seem to be consistently unavailable, which can be frustrating. The doctors themselves are good, however the overall patient experience would improve with more courteous front-desk support. Additionally, the surgery could benefit from some upgrades, both internally and externally.

Author: Tvwatcher
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Not very good communication, sometimes actively rude from the reception. They make a point to shame you if you couldn't answer the phone when there no timeframes given (and the call came from a completely different GP??? Bounds Green for some reason). Dead fish in the fish tank in reception as well just doesn't instill a lot of confidence

Author: Rayan Micho
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Hello I'm Radhia Lakhdari on Sunday I spoke to a doctor named Hussein it was a phone appointment it was about my husband Reda Maouche DOB who was sick from his head and stomach.I gave him all the necessary information .He told me I would send him a form for some blood test analysis and a prescription regarding his stomach disease. But when I went tomorrow to receive his blood test form and a prescription nothing was sent in the system except few words 'you need to go abd do a blood test without any details or regarding what the receptionist told me this is not normal the doctorneed to the doctor must determine the type of tests the patient needs to undergo with the prescription regarding his stomach I am now very angry about this doctor who did not do his job properly, and I will hold him responsible for anything that happens to a husband These are inappropriate and inhumane actions.😡 Waiting for your response

Author: Natasha Moncrieff
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointing, arrived five minutes late (as they changed the location of the GP), and then was told immediately that I could not be seen by the doctor. The receptionist was unprofessional, and unhelpful. I will be changing GPs.

Author: Mrs H
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Gor looked after both my parents with complex medical needs. He is a fantastic GP, extremely knowledgeable and everything you want in a Doctor.The best GP, l have ever come across. It’s a busy surgery, the staff are kind.

Author: Samdp 13
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely rude woman on the phone and did not let her name be known. Absolutely unacceptable behaviour. Dismissing everything that was brought up

Author: Christianna Hemmings
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling experience and complete lack of professionalism. I called on Monday to ask about booking a blood test and was told to call back on Wednesday at 8am, which I did. The appointment was booked. On Friday, I called again just to double-check where the blood test would be done, and I was clearly told it would be done at the GP practice at 12:40. Based on this, I cancelled my plans and arranged my day around the appointment. Then, at 4:48pm on Friday, I received a call from the practice. First a receptionist told me I apparently needed to see a doctor first. Then the phone was passed to another woman whose attitude was extremely rude and dismissive. She told me I cannot have the blood test because I’m “too young”, which is ridiculous as I am 24 years old. When I explained that the last time I had blood tests was when I was 12, she said it “doesn’t matter” because it wasn’t done with them — which makes absolutely no sense. I explained I’m concerned about my health and that I feel like I might faint when getting out of bed. Instead of showing any care or reassurance, she interrogated me with “what are you concerned about?” in a tone that made me nervous and uncomfortable. She then said she would need to see me first to check my blood pressure something that was never mentioned in any of the previous three phone calls. The lack of communication is shocking, but what made this experience so upsetting was the dismissive and rude attitude. I was made to feel like I was wasting their time for simply wanting to check my health. Cancelling an appointment at the last minute after repeatedly confirming it, then speaking to a patient this way, is completely unacceptable. This experience caused me unnecessary stress and left me extremely upset. I have lost all trust in this practice.

Author: Bektas Sengoz
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very happy to have a GP like this. Firstly Dr Gor and all the staffs working there are very helpful, kind and respectful. Thank you so much for your amazing service.

Author: Nasrin Sultana
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Staff are very friendly and nice.
