Practice: HIGH ROAD SURGERY (STUART CRESCENT HC)
Canonical code: F85064
Postcode: N22 5NJ
Google Maps title: High Road Surgery Wood Green
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 239
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/High+Road+Surgery+Wood+Green/@51.600086,-0.1129969,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876191ea36277ad:0xd06f7322ac792ee1!8m2!3d51.6000827!4d-0.1104166!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fkhgv6j3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.4
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85064-high-road-surgery-stuart-crescent-hc.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Leevi Malkki
Date: 12 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, avoid

Author: Touseef Tariq
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Touseef Tariq1 review2 days ago New

Author: Selver Isik
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Selver Isik6 days ago New

Author: Eunice
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Registered with the High Road surgery since 2003 the service I received has been amazing (first class) I would like to sincerely thank Dr Munazza Ahmad at High Road Surgery, Stuart Crescent, Wood Green for the excellent care she provides. Dr Ahmad is a wonderful doctor who truly listens to her patients. She takes her time during consultations, pays attention to detail, and makes you feel comfortable and respected. It is clear that she genuinely cares about the wellbeing of the people she treats. When I asked for a referral, she handled everything professionally and arranged it without delay. Because of her support, I am now being seen by specialists at North Middlesex University Hospital, which I really appreciate. Dr Ahmad clearly takes her profession to heart. Her kindness, patience, and professionalism make a real difference. Doctors like her remind us how important it is to have compassionate healthcare professionals. Thank you, Dr Ahmad, for your dedication and for treating your patients with such care and respect. This review below is over one year ago Dr Wijeyekoon is a very kind, good listener, assuring and very caring. when it is examing time he never rush. All i can say he is the best Doctor I know. About 3 months ago I requested a referral for NHS OVIVA path to diabetic remission. Dr Wijeyekoon referred me without hesitation and made me feel listened to I also felt that my opinion matters. After 3 months of being on the program the outcome of that referral was very successful and mind blowing . My diabetic is now in Remission. I'm not taking any type of diabetic medication since December 2024. Big up to Dr Gelly as well who is a very good listener, patient and never rushing during physical examination after I recently been diagnosis with new scarcely health issue. Dr Gelly clearly explained and elaborate to me about my new diagnosis and prescribed the best medication 💊 which unfortunately was no more manufactured according to the pharmacist. But Dr Gelly go ahead and referred me to go and have MRI for further investigation. and promised to get to the bottom of this new health scary and find a solution. This made me feel better already and hope for fully recovery while I'm waiting for MRI appointment date. Lastly Dr Gelly make sure and explained to me very clearly about not prescribed other oral medicines for the new diagnosis which could have interfered with my currently medication or worsen the situation, of my other longer time diagnosis. This is professional to the highest level 👌 I'm grateful & thank you Dr Wijeyekoon and Dr Gelly for listening. "KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK". YOUR THE BEST Doctors at High Road Surgery. (Sayda Eunice Noor ) 💪 💪 💪
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for the review. Both doctors have been informed.

Author: Mariana Stavrinides
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mariana Stavrinides2 weeks ago New

Author: Katie Curry
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had a good experience at the surgery the nurses are all lovely and I can always get an appointment in a timely manner

Author: Jaden Jamal
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful

Author: Borry Jarju
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Borry Jarju3 weeks ago New

Author: Iman Ghatari
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Hi there, had an appointment today 20th of Feb 2026 with Dr. Parsa Nazari. (Originally from Iran) He is truly an excellent doctor, both professionally and personally. He is very polite, respectful, and highly knowledgeable. We genuinely need doctors like him at the GP practice in Wood Green.👌🏻🌹 However, unfortunately, the behavior of the reception staff is not appropriate or polite. I have found their manner to be unprofessional and lacking courtesy. Thanks , All the best
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
We apologise that you had a bad experience. We have reviewed this case, reflected on it and addressed it. Thank you for your feedback. Please note that at this surgery there is a personal relations manager who will spend time with patients to address any concerns.

Author: threed Health
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
threed Health3 reviewsa month ago
