Practice: STUART CRESCENT MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: F85065
Postcode: N22 5NJ
Google Maps title: Stuart Crescent Health Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stuart+Crescent+Health+Centre/@51.6001731,-0.1129681,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sSTUART+CRESCENT+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+N22+5NJ!3m8!1s0x48761958eb32b8f3:0x3871a04fa4da9a7!8m2!3d51.6001695!4d-0.1103877!9m1!1b1!15sCihTVFVBUlQgQ1JFU0NFTlQgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBOMjIgNU5KkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWPgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tlw8kgg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85065-stuart-crescent-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Den MANTSE
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This G.P is absolutely useless! The worst ever experience in my life as long as I'm UK!

Author: Jonatas Rocha Flavio
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I changed areas 3 months ago and had no choice but to change my GP, and to my dismay, the service at the new GP is awful. I called the GP 4 times to schedule postpartum appointments for myself and my daughter (6-8 am). The receptionist told me to call at 8 am. The next day I called at 8 am and she said she would call me back, but she didn't. I called to schedule my baby's immunizations and she told me to call at 8 am again, and I said I wasn't going to call because I had already called several times and no one had given me any support. My previous GP was there for 10 years and they never treated me this way; my children were always very well cared for and we had all the support they needed.

Author: K_97
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
the current receptionists and the doctors are very nice and helpful.

Author: Aggelos Xifaras
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hi, its the 3 time that I am trying to book a blood test .Yesterday I went again and the lady at the front desk told that today someone is going to call me between 8am 10 am. I was waiting but nothing.11:30 am I went there and I ask what happens.The response from the gentleman today, they don't have a form etc with of course I didn't understand because I am not working for NHS. Not even a massage or a call to know what to do and waiting over the phone.The previous years the people who work there they gave excellent customer service.The last year complete disappointment.And I am sorry that I have to write this.

Author: Hope Beales
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Better Experience in the last 1 years I have been with this GP since 2017 and had terrible experience with the former doctor and receotionist (especially the very rude reception lead who's now gone) who got me in tears at some point in 2019 with my new born. In the last 1 years, I can see they have new doctors who are attentive and present during appointments. They also have new reception staff which is great. The nurse is also excellent and great with my kids when we go in for jabs. She doesn't smile much but knows what she is doing and has the right professional attitude. The one bit I wish this GP will change us their process of appointment bookings. You need to call at a set time - 8am - to book an appointment. This for me is frustrating as i get nervous with missing to call at exactly 8am and if I call few minutes after, I am asked to call back the next day. Not a good system. I am a mum of 2 who need to get them ready for school, do some drop offs and still work full time. The timing for these calls is bang in the middle of our crazy busy morning, and this means I miss the window to get appointments easily. This can be frustrating most times. This place will be great with a better system around appointment bookings.

Author: M CJ
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I really would like to see references and credential of that bunch of rude people that is seating both as receptionists and doctors. Choose other surgeries, do yorselves the biggest favour ever

Author: Gamze Silfk
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
For 2 weeks now im trying to book an appointment for my disabled mother who was told she needs to get a gp appointment. Every time i call at 8am in the morning no one answers for a good 10 minutes and when they do they say they havent got any appointments left. literally TWO weeks now. It shouldnt be this hard to get a gp appointment. The lady and man at the receptionist is very useless & rude. The man told me to take her hospital if she is ‘so bad’ yet i was told she specifically needs a gp appointment. Worst gp ever.

Author: barbara
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Outstanding front Reception ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ From Musthafa and Mohammed very Alert And kind my name is Mr JA. Springer you both helped me Tremendously Bug Thank you keep up the good work Dr Som ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ 5 Stars is not Enough to describe your Attitude. Very professional and a Fantastic listener Kind & Compassionate You are Appreciated Proud to be your paitent 🪴 Mr AJ ASpringer

Author: Pamela Oloyede
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed with the service I received from Nurse Denise Gillespie. Her attitude was dismissive and lacked professionalism. There was no empathy or courtesy, and the way she communicated was abrupt and unkind. Her appearance was also inappropriate for a clinical setting, which only added to how uncomfortable the experience felt. Overall, I left the appointment feeling disrespected and completely let down. Not the standard of care or professionalism one should expect in a healthcare environment.

Author: Amy louise
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with the surgery since I was 6 left when I was 17 due to moving away we've now moved back and re registered! In the past I've struggled to get booked in but recently thanks to sal ( I hope I spelt it right ) I've been able to get booked in no hassle and very quickly! She deserves the praise ! You've outdone yourself and made it such a more pleasant experience making it easier for your patients to be seen quickly and affectionately making the care system even better big thankyou from a happy patient 😁
