Practice: THE OLD SURGERY
Canonical code: F85697
Postcode: N8 0RP
Google Maps title: The Old Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 40
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Old+Surgery/@51.5833016,-0.1022361,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761bf0c399a4c9:0x5d63b199bf112090!8m2!3d51.5832983!4d-0.0996558!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9vfh03?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85697-the-old-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: c jim
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery has gone down hill. Looking at new surgery's. Forever changing of Doctors, poor communication. Its scary, you see one doctor, they take notes, you then go back and see a totally different other doctor who doesn't even bother looking at the previous notes. You are putting people's lives at risk.

Author: Pabittra Ranjan Roy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nurse is very very rude, every time I argue with her she always said , go to other practice if you don’t like. Last time she was rude with my daughter. Cleaning is very bad, there is no repairing. I think this place need some refurbishing. For long time the registration equipment is not working & nobody bother to repair it.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
We’re sorry to hear about your experience and appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback. We have a formal complaints process in place should you wish for your concerns to be looked into more thoroughly — please contact the practice directly so we can investigate this properly. The practice is cleaned regularly and is currently undergoing refurbishment to improve the environment for patients and staff. The self check-in screen has been temporarily out of service due to recent computer system upgrades, and we are in the process of replacing it with a new system. We kindly ask for your patience while these improvements are being completed.

Author: El hussein salem
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I do appreciate my gp, they can only do their best. The fact they are unable to fulfill the need of every patient all the time in terms of appointments or waiting it's not down to them. Its more down to the pressure and the increase of number of patients. They are working under a system that restrict them to certain level of service .
Practice response date: 7 years ago
Practice response:
Dear Mr Hussein Your comments have been noted and shared with all the members of staff. Manager

Author: FILIPPOS FILIPPOU
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Unbelievable disrespectful reception team and extremely rude..

Author: Sandhya Bhavsar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Sandhya Bhavsar2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Iván Villegas
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
They've forgot the purpose of the place and have totally lost perspective of anything relating to the sacred "Hypocritical oath". Seems like the recepcionist has ran out of human touch and tolerance for humans, and forgot how important that job is for anyone entering the practice that needs attention. I deeply feel for the older patients that have no other choice and have to stand that level of disrespect and total lack of empathy, even before reaching the actual Doctor. (if you have some free time, just sit in the waiting room for a while and observe the demeanor and listen to the action. It's appalling). A brand new practice has opened just two blocks up the road, and they seem human, caring and welcoming ... so I guess this Old Surgery can keep on with their old ways and unprofessionalism.

Author: Rosen Vasilev
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rosen Vasilev2 reviews2 years ago

Author: Tunc
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
To be honest you need to know what time to call and go there if it’s noon there won’t be problems to seek help , I always got what I need . Thanks a lot

Author: Cat London
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Many tanks for Dr Parmar for today's review and support. As well I really appreciate that reception staff manage to book me in today as urgent. Many thanks to all staff

Author: Diana Bakardzhiyska
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Sadly,it’s don’t have option to grade these Surgery without any star!Terrible service,unbelievable reception team.Ivanna-the lady who until now ,14years with these practice I was believed it’s only the person with good understanding,it’s totally shocked me today.When discharge me from GP(Thank you,Ivanna!I should’ve done this a long time ago)with excuse they don’t cover my area :)(My living area,change 4y.ago),She was so nervous via the phone ,shouting like animal.Dear Ivanna and staff if your not happy with your job-Simple!!!Change the job!!Always you are busy,never have free date (or maybe after week or two).Always give to patients negative attitude and extra stress,but never help!I believed soon will be proper complain on correct place,and the surgery will be close!
Practice response date: 6 years ago
Practice response:
Dear Patient We apologise for your experience, kindly complete the complaints and feedback form to help us look into the matter
