Practice: OAKWOOD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: F85687
Postcode: N14 4AQ
Google Maps title: Oakwood Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 146
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oakwood+Medical+Centre/@51.6465563,-0.1368623,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487618fc499f8887:0xde901bf8ae9a132f!8m2!3d51.646553!4d-0.134282!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td3qzr5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85687-oakwood-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: V S
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I called this morning and was waiting for an hour and when it got to my turn I received an automated message to call later. Very disappointed in the surgery to make me wait for an hour and then end the call.

Author: Jayden Galata
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Marina Jones is such an exceptional nurse, she was so friendly & made me feel very comfortable. Thank you so much, we need more nurses like you!

Author: Rifrafrefx_x
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had been avoiding my smear test and when I went to the surgery I had Nurse Marina, she made me feel so comfortable and she truly cares about her patients and so nice and friendly makes such a difference and she has a technique so I didn't experience any pain. Don't avoid it go, you will be well looked after xx

Author: Fredrick Lasisi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my sincere appreciation for Dr. Shurtii Patel Aina. She has been absolutely outstanding in her care and support. Dr. Patel takes the time to listen carefully, explains everything clearly, and makes you feel genuinely heard and understood. Her professionalism, kindness, and attention to detail truly stand out. I never feel rushed during appointments, and I always leave feeling reassured and confident in the care plan. I’m incredibly grateful to have such a dedicated and compassionate GP. Highly recommended!

Author: Rena Kadros
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am happy the the way I have been helped with my diagnosis from dr alexa and also the nurse mirena couldn't ask for better support by them both, thsnk you .

Author: Chiara Santevecchi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
the GP is always booked up. Now they even disabled Patches and I can't log a request, nor see a doctor for weeks. Impossible!

Author: Valentina Christofides
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Take forever to answer the phone and if you do get through they say they have no appointments no matter what time you call you are in a queue Really bad service

Author: Chaya Maya
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Marianna deserves her title of Queen of smears. Thank you for answering all of my questions, very kindly, putting me at ease and being so thorough.

Author: John Dardis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I appreciate the problem with telephoning at 8am, but this is because there are not enough appointments to meet the demand. My biggest problem is with the acoustics - it is hard to hear when one is called, made 10 times worse by the background "musak" which is indescribably awful... Why people think they work better with constant noise is beyond me. My advice - switch OFF the radio and fit acoustic tiles

Author: Say it How it is
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Even one star is to much I’m very disappointed with this surgery Oakwood medical center has become very low level of care and professionalism here is very poor. When you call long time before anyone answered or they don't answer Appointments are always an Absolute joke they never have appointments receptionist don’t listen they do what they want For a healthcare service, this is unacceptable,health should always be a priority to them receptionist often come across very disrespectful and no care and you can tell they can’t even be bothered to be there especially when I am trying to explain a medical concern it’s easy to say we have no appointments call 111 or call tomorrow 8am when it’s a serious matter all it is just to fog you off the phone because they really don’t care about their patients and can’t be bothered useless surgery I strongly believe this surgery needs to be monitored properly by higher organisation to try manage it properly we also need new receptionist and get rid of the ones they recently employed the last couple years The surgery has gone downhill some receptionist don’t know what they are doing we also get broken promises and sometimes no callbacks because the way this surgery is currently operated does not prioritise patients wellbeing at all. People come here for help, not to be ignored
