Practice: RUTLAND HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: F85688
Postcode: N10 1DU
Google Maps title: Rutland House Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 151
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rutland+House+Surgery/@51.593576,-0.1486218,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sRUTLAND+HOUSE+SURGERY+N10+1DU!3m8!1s0x48761a2b77bee35f:0x4a27f40cd46eadb2!8m2!3d51.5952481!4d-0.1445292!9m1!1b1!15sCh1SVVRMQU5EIEhPVVNFIFNVUkdFUlkgTjEwIDFEVZIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmlj4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1v3hzgn2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85688-rutland-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Spyros Neophytou
Date: Edited 11 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited the surgery for a blood test and was looked after by Louise. She was exceptionally caring and polite, and her thorough approach made the whole experience smooth and reassuring. I felt completely at ease in her care. Outstanding service. Spyrakis Neophytou

Author: Jules
Date: 20 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
The team at Rutland house surgery are fantastic!! From the doctors, to all the nurses. The reception team go above and beyond for patients, recently helping my elderly parents who are not so tech savvy to book last minute NHS appointment online and complete some forms. Greeting all patients with a smile, which makes all the difference when you feel unwell or are waiting for some results. Thank you Rutland house team!

Author: Martin Valton
Date: Edited a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
The professional attitude i can't fault. I'm honestly grateful for the times I know the phone waiting times have never been more than 5 minutes if not less! Waiting on medication and informed me that the supplier chemist had been changed. The receptionist has told me then the district nurse would collect this for me and will deliver today. Can't beat a off favour!

Author: C Osler
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a very positive experience at the Queens Avenue branch. I had a blood test with the nurse, Louise, who was extremely professional and calm. I felt absolutely nothing, and it was over in just a few seconds! I expressed my gratitude, as I usually find blood tests quite stressful, but this was by far the easiest and most pleasant experience I’ve had. All my worries were completely gone.Thank you!

Author: news madman
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have been with the surgery for many years now. They’ve always taken very good care of me. The receptionists, the clinical pharmacists, and the doctors are all very experienced, and they have helped me manage several complex health issues. They’re responsive, efficient, and easy to deal with, even more so with their online triage system. I’m lucky to be a patient here.

Author: Aylin Hasbay
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had diagnosed breast cancer and had a mastectomy and implant surgery in my country. After coming back to London, my wounds were still open and need dressing. I consulted my GP about it and they really helped me at this point. Especially the nurse. Barbara taking care of me very kindly and answered all my questions. Thank you so much for everything Barbara 🙏

Author: Dilyana Georgieva
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Saudry was very attentive. She is clearly very knowledgeable and caring. I was very pleased with the thorough examination of my daughter today. Dr Saudry managed to check her cold like symptoms and any concerns I had with regards to her cough and what is more she also managed to diagnose my daughter with chickenpox as the spots just started coming up in the last few hours. I am very grateful for her professionalism and help today. She also went above and beyond to book an appointment for myself as she noticed I wasn’t well too. Once again - many thanks.

Author: Jade Jones
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a very positive experience with Dr Soudry she was professional, kind, and took the time to listen carefully to my concerns. I really appreciated how clearly everything was explained, which made me feel comfortable and well informed about my treatment. The appointment didn’t feel rushed and I felt genuinely cared for. I would happily recommend Dr Soudry to anyone looking for a thoughtful and attentive doctor.

Author: Christopher Gains
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since I have been with Rutland House Surgery. The care I have received has been nothing more than outstanding. The receptionist both at the surgery and on the phone always do their best to answer any questions. The Doctors; Always take time to listen to you. My particular doctor is very knowledgeable and always gives good advice. Dr Nair is an outstanding professional practitioner in my opinion. I recommend Rutland House Surgery to anyone moving into the catchment area. Kind regards, C. Gains. Patient

Author: Louisa Green
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've never had a negative experience at Rutland House, which feels like such a privilege when everyone seems to have something negative to say about primary care in general at the moment. The receptionists, nurses and doctors are all absolutely lovely. In particular, Dr Sood and Dr Soudry are exemplary with patient care and have made me feel like a person and not just an NHS number in the system.
