Practice: ARNOS GROVE MEDICAL CENTR
Canonical code: F85700
Postcode: N11 1BD
Google Maps title: Arnos Grove Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 336
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Arnos+Grove+Medical+Centre/@51.6155424,-0.1359379,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sARNOS+GROVE+MEDICAL+CENTR+N11+1BD!3m8!1s0x4876197207c9bb0b:0x73f2bf09c1c641d3!8m2!3d51.6155424!4d-0.1311743!9m1!1b1!15sCiJBUk5PUyBHUk9WRSBNRURJQ0FMIENFTlRFUiBOMTEgMUJEWiQiImFybm9zIGdyb3ZlIG1lZGljYWwgY2VudGVyIG4xMSAxYmSSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1hcb4fv1r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F85700-arnos-grove-medical-centr.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Andrea
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless GP centre, They just talk and type on pc and then wait and come back after some time instead of seriously investigating on the problem you are going for. If a nurse sees you, he tells you that you need to speak to a doctor. If you speak to a doctor, he tells you to wait. The only solution is to change centre.

Author: Eleven Qatox
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eleven Qatox3 weeks ago New

Author: Robyn Shire
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Joyce Fernandes has been amazing. She took my situation seriously and was very thorough in coming to a diagnosis. Dr Fernandes has exceeded my expectations and I highly recommend her as a Kind, knowledgeable and competent GP.

Author: Ellie P
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Adem is an excellent GP and a very good listener. He does not brush off my concerns and always takes my complaints seriously, following up with appropriate action. I feel heard and respected during every appointment. I’m truly grateful to have him as my GP.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback this is appreciated

Author: Elena Ramona
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP practice in the area! Called to request a summary of my vaccination and was told I have no records of any vaccines and was asked whether I am one of their patients.. have been registered with them since 2011. Today stayed on the line more than 1 hour and still no response. Called a second time and opted in to be called back once the queue is shorter, then received an message saying they couldn’t contact me when no call was issued. Poor communication from staff. This really demonstrates they don’t care much about patient-centred care.
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
We are sorry to hear this, please feel free to send an email with your details and query and someone will get back to you. Thank you

Author: Nicole Maha
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Adem Tamer is one of the best Doctor in Arnos Grove surgery Centre who's take care seriously with the patients with a lots compassion may Lord God almighty blessed him 100% best regards Nicole Maha Adipape
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
thank you for your lovely feedback Nicole, it's really appreciated!

Author: C L
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this practice for over 15 years and have always had great experience. All staff including the receptionists, doctors and nurses have always been courteous, very helpful and remain professional. I had an appointment yesterday and had a great experience. Thank you Dr T and team. Practice manager Ms R, keep up your great work! Updating as I had an appointment last week. Thank you Naseer and Mr Malek for your swift response and assistance. I appreciate.
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
we really appreciate your feedback thank you!

Author: Andria Lubbe
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Honestly disappointed…I always defend the NHS but after today I get why people are frustrated. I was asked to come in to collect paperwork. I was asked to take a seat and there I sat for 45min. I eventually got up to ask where the paperwork was as I had to leave soon. First I got the look of surprise that I was still there…only to be told “oh I printed it, but I don’t know what I’ve done with it” and then asked for it to print it and it was in my hand 2 min later…how long would I have waited if I hadn’t said something…

Author: Victoria
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having joined the Arnos Grove Medical Centre recently whilst pregnant and now with our newborn, I cannot fault the standard of care we have received from Dr Adem and Dr Sneath. Both Dr Adem and Dr Sneath have maintained professional yet friendly approaches and have never been dismissive or patronising to any concerns I have raised with regards to our baby - this is particularly important for new parents. Dr Adem has been particularly thorough and has made us feel well looked after and reassured. Dr Sneath has been fantastic in offering guidance and advice for caring for a poorly newborn. It is also important to note I have never struggled to get an appointment for either myself or my daughter. Thank you to all above mentioned staff!

Author: daiva
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr Frenandes this morning. I was very impressed with her approach to my health issue. Dr Fernandes attentively listened to my concerns and came with the action plan. I left surgery with optimism and felt that I am in a very knowledgeable doctor’s hands. Thank you!
