Practice: HANDSWORTH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: F86004
Postcode: E4 9PD
Google Maps title: Handsworth Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 192
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Handsworth+Medical+Practice/@51.6080989,-0.0015663,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a0a83ea0beb7:0xa872cc1b726533d8!8m2!3d51.6080956!4d0.001014!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg34grz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86004-handsworth-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kathleen Payne
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Kathleen Payne3 weeks ago New

Author: P P
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
P P15 reviewsEdited 3 weeks ago

Author: Nabat Artykova
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the level of service at Handsworth Medical Practice. The reception staff are consistently unhelpful and unprofessional, and it is nearly impossible to obtain an appointment. The triage system feels ineffective and unnecessarily time-consuming, and there appears to be no visible management presence within the practice. The lack of empathy and professionalism shown by the reception team is particularly concerning, especially in a healthcare setting where patients rely on staff for guidance and support. The practice urgently needs better leadership and staff training to improve patient care and access to services. As a healthcare professional myself, it is deeply disheartening to witness such poor standards in primary care.

Author: Unknown Soul (SlaveofALLAH)
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very disappointed with this practice. Doctors call for one second and cut the call, yet record it as if contact was made, even in urgent cases. Calls are made very late or delayed until the next day with little consideration for patients. However, I must say they are very quick and efficient with referrals. Communication with patients needs improvement.

Author: moonfairie1982
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst medical practice, have been waiting over a month for a prescription after a telephone consultation with the most unhelpful doctor, only to be told i have to wait two weeks to make another appointment to you and see the same useless doctor!! No regard for patient’s needs, just a waste of time!

Author: Jennifer Cody
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just had to use the new on line appointment booking system. Made my request at just after 8am. Within the hour I received a text from the doctor who said a request had been made to the pharmacy for painkillers. Ten minutes later I received a phone call giving me an appointment for the physiotherapist at the surgery for 4.20pm the same day. He gave me a request form for the walk-in GP X-ray clinic at Whipps Cross Hospital. Can’t complain about that!

Author: Beymaster Lui
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to call the surgery after 4 o clock and I was told I am the second in a queue, after 30 minutes waiting I decided to cut the phone off there was no point to wait longer It looks they dnt like answering the phone in the afternoon and it's not possible that one person was hold on the phone for over 15 minutes.

Author: Brett Banks
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
These have been my Dr. for 25 years. Used to rate them highly. That has all changed after returning from Covid. Ridiculously long waits to speak to anyone, even when you are No. 1 in the queue, website which is absolutely substandard, whoever created it should be sacked, unless of course it was the Practice’s intention to put a system in place which, makes contacting them neigh on impossible. You have to call and wait for ages in order to get their email address, which surprise, surprise is not on their website and when they finally answer they give you it, it’s incorrect. So another huge wait again to get the info. Then turning it up for appointment made by the practice Pharmacist covering for the diabetic nurse and being told by a less than interested receptionist that there’s no appointment and didn’t want to do anything to double check. Instances of no call back after finally getting through the, tooth pulling process on your website and having to send a chasing message days later before anyone woke up and answered. If you happy to see a Dr. or nurse, then usually good experience, they desperately need to correct the system to enable appointments and communication (including their responses) with the Practice is easy not laborious and unhelpful.

Author: Gracie Hughes-Faulkner
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst GP surgery I have ever been registered at!!! If I could give 0 stars I would. On two occasions now I have been left to wait for an hour and a half in the waiting area to then be told I couldn’t be seen, in both instances I asked the admin assistants why it was taking so long multiple times and they assured me I was “next”. Most recently this was because someone had left a note on my profile stating that I “couldn’t attend” my appointment despite me turning up on time. The issues here are indicative of a much wider systematic problem within the NHS I’m aware, but these people have given up trying completely. When I was 8 months pregnant I requested a fit to fly letter, I was texted by the GP (Dr Bashir) to come into the practice to discuss this. After over an hour of waiting, I was told that he cannot supply fit to fly letters as per new guidelines but that he thought it would be better to tell me in person. A complete lack of awareness and bedside manner. Please avoid this place at all costs and just register somewhere else if you can.

Author: Rebecca Evans
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lived in Highams Park all my life , this used be be a fantastic doctors but it’s honestly shockingly bad now! The new o line system is a joke and they just book you appointments for random days without you being able to reply in if you can do that day. You then have to spend hours phoning the surgery! 🙄
