Practice: THE ECCLESBOURNE PRACTICE
Canonical code: F86018
Postcode: E17 9DP
Google Maps title: Ecclesbourne Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 16
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ecclesbourne+Surgery/@51.5802775,-0.0049129,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+ECCLESBOURNE+PRACTICE+E17+9DP!3m8!1s0x48761d8cb56dc627:0x21fec61f7f45459f!8m2!3d51.5807553!4d-0.0010523!9m1!1b1!15sCiFUSEUgRUNDTEVTQk9VUk5FIFBSQUNUSUNFIEUxNyA5RFBaIyIhdGhlIGVjY2xlc2JvdXJuZSBwcmFjdGljZSBlMTcgOWRwkgEGZG9jdG9ymgEkQ2hkRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVU40Yms5cWFIZDNSUkFC4AEA-gEFCMADECU!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tw7hf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86018-the-ecclesbourne-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Augustas Mateliunas
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I do not recommend this clinic to anybody. I've been a patient here for over a year. I've requested my patient summary last year. Some guy who's not a doctor called Azizul made huge mistakes and errors and went on annual leave. I managed to go through to him again 6 months later I hope he fixed it but I can't go through to the clinic. I've been on the phone for over an hour right now the que is finished but the phone is just ringing nobody is picking up. I don't know how many times they sent me to wrong places, forget to cancel appoitments after my calls and so on. I will change the clinic on my next day off it's an absolute waste of your time dealing with these people they can't get anything right.

Author: Tosin Joshua
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible new AI service on the phone almost impossible to speak to a real person!

Author: Shay Dickson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible experience just trying to follow up on a Epi-Pen repeat prescription for a 2 year old, met we an AI Bot that couldn't understand why...

Author: N7UmaKazama
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Proper Doctors here and great staff, salute to the whole team; youre all shooting stars fr

Author: Daniel Smith
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned up Monday morning for blood test & MRI scan report which I have waited nearly 3 weeks for. I was told I'm on Dr.George's list for a call back Tuesday morning so the phone rings and I answer and there's no voice on the end of the phone despite me saying Hello and asking can he hear me and a minute later a voicemail pops up acting like I wasn't at my phone. So I call back again to explain what happened and I'm told he will call me back at some point Tuesday but this did not happen. I called back on Wednesday morning and get through and I'm told Dr.George isn't in today at which point my blood pressure is rising rapidly. I asked to speak to someone in charge (Wendy) still waiting for her to contact me so that I can tell her what's been happening only to not get a call back from her. I have apparently been rebooked for the 20th November which is a week later and I still have no blood test results and I am in terrible pain in my right kidney/adrenal gland and have had the pain management at UCHL email Dr.George asking him to refer me for a scan as the matter is serious and non stop pain for which I have waited 15 years for diagnosis and still nothing. Something is very wrong at this surgery and they are playing around with people's time and health and need to take a good look at the negative reviews they are getting and fix things. Lol and complaint forms being removed from the website tells you everything you need to know. The saga continues.. Phoned up yesterday to find out about blood tests and about 2 referrals and filled out a triage and waited for a call and nothing. Phoned up the next morning and it's like talking to a mushroom getting any sense out of some of the people who answer the phone. Ridiculous.

Author: Luna
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really bad service all round. From the receptionist to the doctors and nurses, no one seems to care at all about patients or their wellbeing. Everything feels careless and disorganised, with very poor communication. It’s honestly a horrible practice with shocking service and a clear lack of basic skills and professionalism. Even trying to book an appointment is a nightmare, they simply don’t reply, no matter how unwell you are or how urgent the issue is. Completely unacceptable and very disappointing. I wouldn’t even give one start, they don’t deserve it at all!

Author: Alfanso Thompson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alfanso Thompson1 review5 months ago

Author: Ismail Amaan
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been using the practice since 2010 when I moved to the area. I have nothing but praise for the doctors and support staff. I have always found them polite, helpful and compassionate - interested in listening and resolving issues. The doctors really care and go out of their way to ensure any issues are investigated and addressed. A heartfelt thanks to all the team at Ecclesbourne. UPDATE: Dropping for 5* to 1* because after using the surgery for 15 years, it has deteriorated to such an extent over the last 2 years that it no longer functions. When you book an appointment and wait by the phone all day often you receive no call back. The telephone appointment service refers you to the website, but the website cannot take bookings. I am waiting for one referral promised in 2024 in August 2025, I have spoken to Dr George and the reception team to remind them and they promise action but nothing happens. I've emailed and completed online forms (when they work), but no replies. Family members are also promised referrals that never materialise. When you call at 8.30am to book an appointment you are in queue position 20 something and are told you will be called back, this also often does not happen. The surgery is broken. They have amazing GPs like Dr Mistry who go above and beyond, but the surgery is now a totally non-functioning practice. I do hope that they improve drastically but as a family we are now researching alternatives we can move to which is a real shame as the practice is very close to our home and has served us so well over such a long period before this drastic decline.

Author: Teik King
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Teik King8 months ago

Author: Jay R
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Quick and efficient
