Practice: THE MANOR PRACTICE
Canonical code: F86011
Postcode: E10 7DY
Google Maps title: The Manor Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 267
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Manor+Practice/@51.5717042,-0.0232756,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761d96409014ed:0xed012dc6ccf2f18d!8m2!3d51.5717009!4d-0.0206953!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4mlz8f?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86011-the-manor-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Benedict Fairchild
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Professional and proficient service with a smile. Mariana on the phone helped me to navigate through an awkward situation with great patience and set everything up for me wonderfully drawing on her own personal experience. The doctors really seem to care about my health and are very sensible indeed.

Author: Caitlin Perry
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
EXTREMELY UNHELPFUL PRACTICE - KICKED ME OFF SYSTEM "ACCIDENTALLY" - SOME GOOD EMPLOYEES BUT SYSTEM IS AWFUL AND THEY WILL LOSE TRACK OF YOUR INFO BECAUSE OF IT I have asked 2 things from this GP - to help me apply to the ADHD Right to Choose scheme, and to help me organise an allergen test for food intolerances. The allergen test mission went nowhere. I requested the appointment, they booked me in for this elsewhere (an emergency 'sister' practice). When I arrived to this, they said they cannot help and this line of investigation has to be done via my usual GP. I requested another appointment, to which I was never contacted about. In November, I had an appointment where a GP made a referral request to the ADHD Right to Choose scheme. Dr Akthar was actually very good, she was good communicator and when I followed up with my documents, she and the male receptionist (never got a name) sent them off quickly. However, I requested an appointment about six weeks later for something unrelated. To which I received a response from this practice saying I was no longer registered. Very confused, I called Manor Practice and they said they had "accidentally kicked me off the system" -- how does this even happen???!!! Luckily my assessment application was still being processed... or so I thought. I was told I would hear back by the beginning of March, so I called the service provider doing the assessment (not GP) when I had not. They told me that they had reached out to Manor Practice because they needed more information re. my application A MONTH AND A HALF PRIOR to me calling. I haven't received a single email, phonecall, nothing from them about this. As someone with struggling mental illness, the fact I have been waiting for NO REASON for MONTHS is so so upsetting. Manor Practice needs to sort their system out because their communication with patients and service providers is CRAP.

Author: Marian Watts
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff in the practice have worked very hard and the service all round is very good. The receptionist team are listening well. The doctors have been very kind and patient, as have the medical team. Thank you to Dr Ali, Dr Asubiaro and Dr Balogun for continuing care

Author: Heather Pratt
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Although there was a hiccup with my Dads physio appointment initially, Mariana supported us to get the earliest available appointment by calling up when there was a cancellation. Excellent efficiency utilising the time available for stuff and also supporting patients. Thanks Mariana, Dad and I appreciate your support.

Author: Mia Haylett
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This has been my drs since I was born and now in my 20s . Has always been a horrible service but the past few years has really really gone down hill . Farhana Akhtar is quite condescending and I was sent to the manor practice for cervical screening - waited almost an hr to be seen and all she did was ask me questions and refer me back for blood tests when I was in the hospital 2 days prior to this consultation and had 3 sets of blood tests while at the hospital, pointless appointment and a simple ‘ pass the buck ‘ attitude as always with this place . EVEN WORSE TO THIS : When I finally was seen for cervical screening (smear test) as that’s what the hospital had referred me to the drs for - I was seen by JANINE ONAWELO who had taken the sample everything went okay until she called me back after . She told me that she would not send my sample off for testing as I was underage and not eligible for a smear test and that it was MY FAULT FOR NOT TELLING HER MY AGE ! (she also never asked ) How ridiculous! I was obviously referred for a smear test for a reason after being in hospital just a couple days before with unbearable pain and unable to work - even after explaining this she was still telling me that I should have told her my age before she carried out the screening which again - she never asked. As a young woman just trying to find answers to this pain I really do not appreciate being constantly palmed off and ignored by ‘healthcare professionals’ . Even blaming me for not disclosing things such as age which im sure you can find as soon as you click my name on their system - just sounds like she was trying to cover her own back as she quickly changed her mind from ‘they may not test it ‘ to then ‘ it will be refused if I send it off anyway’ . I was crying down the phone to this woman asking her why she did it then and not one ounce of sympathy was received just simply told it was ’MY FAULT’ for not saying my age when I came in which she never asked .

Author: Shazia Zahid
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very happy with the serviette i receive from manor practice surgery, all staff are excellent in communication service and the DR especially DR bologna and DR Ausbioro are excellent in the role there carry out. I must say i am over all really happy with the online service for booking appointments and requesting repeat prescriptions .

Author: Nazlı Tihomirova
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The girl in the reception is so rude no one in the area is please of her she is with so much attitude to the patients shes is not giving clear answers she giving rude answers or answers with so much attitude i dont know what she thinks she is there she is only a simple receptionist not a doctor she has no right to close the door to my face when im trying to understand what to do im a pregnant women and she made me absolutely so upset in front of too many people everyone else saw her attitude and rudeness towards me please take action this is not first time of her being rude we dont want her in the gp, she is a long lady with open hair not hijabi,

Author: Cengiz Ceylan
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I had very bad experience with the girl in the reception im asking her question she is not giving me clear answer and getting angry at me when i dont understand her because my english is not very good and i need help but she is not helpful please take her out we dont want disrespectful people in our gp is been 15 years im going to the gp i never saw this type of rude person

Author: Penny Paul
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I spoke to a lovely receptionist called Marana. She was very patient with my query and had very good listen skills. I also observed when I visited the the surgery yesterday that she goes above and beyond to help. She even spoke in Spanish to lady who didn't speak any English her performance was impeccable and she appears to be adaptable . It was reassuring and refreshing to note receptionist/interpreter is the premises. Keep up the good work Mariana.

Author: Leah Dyck
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to get an appointment, Dr. Balogun is extremely rude, I have never been spoken to like this by a doctor. Do not go here
