Practice: BALFOUR ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: F86042
Postcode: IG1 4JE
Google Maps title: Balfour Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Balfour+Road+Surgery/@51.5628805,0.0729162,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a68c7ef864ef:0x441d685793f70de7!8m2!3d51.5628772!4d0.0754965!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3jpd0k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86042-balfour-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mehedi Khan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Atal has played a crucial role in my treatment by referring me to several outstanding tertiary hospitals, including Guys and St Thomas. As of today, his coordination of my care has been exceptional, and I truly appreciate his dedication to my well-being. Thanks to his support and expertise, I am fortunate to be alive today. He not only excels as a doctor but also embodies kindness and compassion as a person.

Author: Muhammad Khan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family has been registered with this surgery from past 17 years. All GPs are good but Dr Mukerjee is the best one. She is very kind and knowledgeable doctor. She listens to our problem in such a way that we feel as if we start getting better already. I must say she is a blessing for our community. I always try to book appointments with her but unfortunately she is mostly overbooked. We find it very lucky if we get appointments with her. I wish we can have more kind doctors like her. May God bless her always. ( I donot write reviews usually but really want to do it as really really pleased and satisfied with Dr Mukerjer 's service).

Author: Tanya Monkman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family and I joined this surgery only this year and we have not been disappointed. From the reception staff to the nurses and doctors we have received first class treatment. I find the reception staff to be friendly, polite and helpful. I was born and raised in the 80's when family doctors still existed and that's exactly how it feels in this surgery ,like family doctors from days past. ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ ⭐ all the way, I would highly recommend this doctors surgery if you're looking for a family doctor.

Author: Arif Patel
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely worst gp in uk

Author: Radhika Shyamsunder
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the most wierd surgeries I have ever seen ..The staffs are not trained properly .it’s not there mistake it’s the manager who is not capable of running a GP smoothly.. there is a reception staff called Lakshmi who is very rude she says she has been trained to talk like this .. there are few good staffs like Vijaya Deepthi they are good ..

Author: Tarique YAQUB
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at the surgery for a number of years as has my family. The Gps are incredibly knowledgeable and approachable particularly Dr Atal and Dr Mukharjee who I cannot recommend enough. They are not only professional in their approach but show a great deal of empathy. I would strongly recommend the practice along with the support staff ( Sunita ).

Author: Zara Ali
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not good, takes so long to get appointments and the receptionist are incredibly rude. When booking appointments they don't give you enough time to talk and hang up on you, they say they made appointment with your preferred GP but in reality when you go to the appointment it turns out they don't.

Author: Yasmin Salim
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My family and I have been registered with this practice for over 30 years, and it is shocking to see how far the standards of care and professionalism have deteriorated. Every year the service gets worse, and it is now at the point where even basic communication with reception has become impossible; some staff cannot speak English clearly enough to deal with patients, which is completely unacceptable in a medical setting. My most recent experience was with the receptionist, Vijaya, and it was nothing short of appalling. When I asked for her surname in order to make a formal complaint, she flatly refused. She falsely told me that the practice manager had “left the surgery” and that no senior staff were available. When pressed, she pretended to check, only to return and claim that they were “in a meeting” and could not speak with me. I then asked about blood test results which had been pending for more than two weeks. Her response was: “I don’t know who you spoke to. I don’t care. I didn’t speak to you. You should make a doctor’s appointment but I’m not going to give you anything.” She refused to provide any information whatsoever and then hung up on me. This behaviour is utterly disgraceful. Patients should never be treated with such contempt, rudeness, and outright hostility; especially not in a GP surgery where compassion and professionalism are supposed to be the standard. After three decades as patients here, my family and I are left feeling ignored, disrespected, and deeply disappointed. The surgery urgently needs to review its management of reception staff, as the current standard is completely unacceptable.

Author: Anna Zajac
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ridiculous!!! Calling the doctor 2 weeks to be referred and they lie about it being done every day! Being told it takes 4 DAYS to send email! Being referred for wrong tests and being told by hospital it has nothing to do with the illness GP suspected! Go back and beg for another referral! Being referred under wrong name because they don’t know the process! So the appointment at the hospital was canceled after 3 months of waiting and now beg for new referral under correct name so you can wait another 3 months to find out the doctor in hospital retired so there is no one to help you! Physiotherapist at the surgery telling you stop thinking about the pain and it will go away! Wasting time, money and resources because they don’t know what they are doing! Worst GP surgery I’ve ever had!

Author: barnali barua
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This was one of the worst surgery experiences I’ve had. The receptionists were unable to provide even basic information to patients, which caused unnecessary confusion and frustration. They clearly need further training to work effectively in a GP practice.
