Practice: RYDAL
Canonical code: F86012
Postcode: IG8 9QJ
Google Maps title: Rydal Group Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 105
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rydal+Group+Practice/@51.6084354,0.0175217,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8a0b70b332601:0xf731432dfb18922e!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a0b7733b6929:0x7ba50b427c9e4dc1!8m2!3d51.6084321!4d0.020102!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w0sc3p8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86012-rydal.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ana Isabel Tinoco (Isabel)
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved into the area not long ago and been receiving a good experience with Rydal GP. They always reply my e-Consultations within 24 hours or less wait time, I appreciate the receptionist assistance with all my concerns about where to do the blood tests and filling all my information as a new NHS patient. When requesting an online consultation, remember to request a copy of your responses so you can always keep a track on it, or if the staff ask you to do it in behalf, you have your email as an evidence.

Author: Richelle Andrade
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Richelle AndradeLocal Guide · 34 reviews · 90 photos2 months ago

Author: M D
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The quality, attitude and ability of telephone reception staff has nose-dived yet again (who would have thought it possible?) Petulent snow flakes hoping to provoke a negative reaction Here'a an idea: show humility, start the call with - sorry to have kept you waiting/how can I help? And then demonatrate that helping is actually what you want to do. Abandon the belligerent and obstructive manner Be polite. Keep an open mind - treat people like adults. Remember that they have already been listening interminably to Play School piped music waiting to speak to you And show professionalism. Massive improvement needed - it's a management issue and should be dealt with urgently and at the most senior level. One star is hugely over generous

Author: Charise
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you want to make an appointment, your only option is to call at 8am. Or “use the econsult on their website”, which doesn’t work. Despite explaining this to them, they still refused to make an appointment for me as it was 11am. This is following months and months of chasing referrals. Each time having to sit through the longest recorded messages. I never leave google reviews, but felt compelled to review this practice twice.

Author: Simon Culley
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this surgery for several years.The service that I have received has been exceptional.From the receptionists to every Dr including every Locum Dr.I can not praise them high enough.

Author: Amit Singh
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful, impossible to get an appointment. Pointless. Would avoid at all costs. Might as well wait at A and E

Author: Clare C
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My personal experience in recent years has overall been very good. Access has improved on phone and online (appreciate online may be tricky for some people and their web access could be a more streamlined process each time you log in). Reception team have been helpful and friendly, particularly in the last couple of years. The doctors have always taken my concerns seriously and have been extremely thorough in assessing me until I'm satisfied. Thank you.

Author: Gemma anderson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disappointed by the lack of support and care shown by this GP practice regarding my father’s urgent health concerns. My father has been waiting over 18 weeks for an MRI scan. I contacted the surgery out of serious concern, particularly as he had already been sent directly to the hospital on appointment by this very GP due to dangerously high blood pressure which triggered this whole experience. While in hospital, doctors discovered he had also suffered a heart attack, and he was admitted for further care. This is especially alarming given that only a few weeks prior, my mother—also under this practice’s care—tragically passed away from a heart attack. One would expect heightened vigilance and compassion in light of this family history, especially with an ongoing, unexplained delay in crucial diagnostic imaging. When I reached out, I was told by a receptionist to complete an eConsult on his behalf which I did. I was assured that an appointment would be made for my father to see doctor aktar, instead he received a dismissive written response stating uncertainty about whether they could help or refer him for an MRI, with no follow-up call, no attempt to discuss the matter further, and no offer of support or alternative solutions. But they could see an appointment with the hospital for the 20th. (Talk to them) Exactly words. News to my father..no such correspondence has been sent and no such letter for an appointment has been received. This response falls far short of the GP’s duty of care. General practitioners are responsible for advocating for their patients' health, especially in urgent or deteriorating cases. They should coordinate with secondary care services, provide clear communication, and ensure vulnerable patients are not left in limbo. A refusal to help—without any further dialogue—is not only negligent but potentially dangerous. Patients and their families deserve proactive, compassionate, and accountable care. In this case, the GP practice failed us profoundly, and I sincerely hope they reflect on the seriousness of their responsibilities moving forward.

Author: atosa khazaei
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Incredible GP. I moved into the area not long ago and been receiving the best experience with Rydal GP. The doctors are great and very prompt. They reply to econsults very fast and are always helpful no matter what. Thank you so much to everyone At Rydal.

Author: Mesky Mesky
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I tried to see the doctor and then they told me to call back so I was waiting until to the doctor called me who is called Dr Lles she is very very rude and disrespectful i have no idea who she is i never saw her. She was saying to me that I went every time at the Gp with no reason and I asked her did If I came without any reason she then replied no, then i said why are you talking to me like that she said because you're calling every time and I said that i am sick and I said to her because I am struggling and going through a lot that's why I am contacting the gp but she was still arguing with me then I closed the phone and I called the receptionist and told everything what has happened she said sorry for what has happend and said to call back the next day. Another doctor also not nice is Dr Newman this doctor also is awful she will laughs to you and saying you came for this it is nothing but we don't go without reason another thing is tell you to buy the medicine if you need yourself. But the other doctors are very very good and respectful and do there job properly and know what kind of problems you have and give you the right medicine. Thank you so much for Dr Akhtar, DrZulfiqar and other doctors that i havent mentioned.
