Practice: THE RIDGEWAY SURGERY
Canonical code: F86078
Postcode: E4 7JX
Google Maps title: Ridgeway Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 72
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ridgeway+Surgery/@51.627593,-0.0141561,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761e25255e5461:0x89d5a701d0ce82b5!8m2!3d51.6275897!4d-0.0115758!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjbrnkb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86078-the-ridgeway-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lyndsey Jones
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
A certain member of the reception staff is clueless. They do not listen to what you say at all. Whatever you ask them to do they either respond with they can't do that or mess it up completely. My cat could do a better job.

Author: Peter Begley
Date: Edited a day ago
Rating: 1 star
**********UPDATE 20/03/26********* I have not received any response to my complaint of racial abuse from any member of this practice. I have not moved to another practice, which is massively better than these uncaring racists bullies…. ——————————————————— I have been a patient at this practice since late 1986. I attended on the 17/12/25 at which time I was RACIALLY ABUSED by a member of their staff. I have lodged a complaint and await their response. However in the mean time I have been informed that I am being removed from the practice list for responding to being racially abused. Apparently such a response is considered abuse. I have spoken to my doctor today who advised me to contact the manager and basically washed his hands of the matter. I have tried this but been told I cannot speak directly to the manager unless said manager requests to speak to me. In addition to all this I have been advised that these google reviews are “made up”.

Author: Jafor Sadi
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP service in London is one of the worst. They consistently have a doctor and staff shortage and always blame it on Covid-19. It’s not possible they’d have the same issue every week. They lock their front door because of staff shortages and feel it’s unsafe to keep it open. Please sort out these service issues or close the service down. Someone else might be able to replace you and offer the local community a better service.

Author: Christopher Jones
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have written a somewhat negative opinion in the past but am happy to change that now in order to balance out all the negativity on here. I completed the on line form to inform surgery of my condition at 8am on a Monday morning The friendly Polish (?) receptionist rang me back at 9am to say that the Dr. would see me at 11am You can’t get much better service than that in my opinion

Author: Alhaji Taal
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the service I received this week. On Tuesday morning, I called the surgery at 8:00am because I believed I had an eye infection. My eye was swollen and painful. I was on hold for 53 minutes and was first in the queue to be answered when the call suddenly cut off. After nearly an hour on the phone with no response, I decided to drive to the surgery in person. I explained to reception that I had been calling since 8am and that my eye was swollen and possibly infected. I was told that it was “not an emergency” and was advised to go to a chemist for eye drops. I followed this advice and went to the chemist, where I was given a cream. It did not work. I then had to go back again to get proper eye drops. It is very concerning that reception staff, who are not medically qualified, are making decisions about whether something is urgent and advising patients on treatment. My eye was clearly swollen, and I felt dismissed rather than properly assessed. The appointment system is also extremely frustrating. Being on hold for nearly an hour, only for the call to cut off, is unacceptable. It makes it very difficult to access care. I also worry about elderly patients who may not be able to use mobile apps or online booking systems. If phone lines are not being answered properly, how are vulnerable patients expected to cope? Overall, the access to care and communication at this surgery needs serious improvement.

Author: Roy Salfarlie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Daughter booked appointment for 2:30. At 3:10, still hadn’t been seen. She had to leave a A Level lesson early to attend 2:30 and could have stayed in school instead of sitting in the surgery with no idea when she will be seen.

Author: Becky Zetter
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not join this surgery. The waiting room windows covered in black mould, Reception staff are rude unhelpful. Doctors lack basic people skills and humanity. Fit note and documentation always filled out incorrectly. follow up appointments never happen. I can never get an appointment same day but at other surgery’s you can get this. I Shouldn’t have to fill out a 30 minute e consultation about my whole medical history every time I need to see my doctor. Doctor Chandra specifically has a disgusting bedside manner. When visiting for my last appointment my mum came in with me as I needed the extra support. Every question we asked the doctor we were rushed, dismissed and she couldn’t even answer my mums queries without being rude and sarcastic. she needs some basic training on how so be a bit kinder and compassionate. I was sitting in her room sobbing due to how small she made me feel (this persons meant to be helping me feel better). She couldn’t even look at me. I said multiple times hormone treatments don’t work for me and make me even more unwell I do NOT want the coil yet every appointment it’s being pushed to me, do I not have a choice of my own treatment? On top of all of this my health has just declined rapidly in the last 5 years. The ridgeway surgery has offered me no help or clarity with that, therefore not any closer to a diagnosis.

Author: Pj O Beaglaoich
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’d love to be able to write a review which is positive and jovial. Unfortunately this practices staff ensure that is impossible. The reception staff bear more than a passing resemblance to Rottweiler guard dogs in their demeanour attitude and appearance. They are amongst the most obstructive and unhelpful nhs staff I have had the misfortune to interact with in my sixty years of life. Rest assured that I shall be lodging a formal complaint with the primary trust. As I video’d the whole sorry incident which was farcical and totally unnecessary. Were I a doctor at this practice I would be truly ashamed and embarrassed at the level of service they are providing the community with. You only have to read the goggle reviews to see that there is a serious problem with the reception staff. The community of Chingford deserves far far better than this shambles.

Author: Karen
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My husband had a blood test at the practice today. As always he made his appointment with Natasha. She has a lovely manner and this sample was quick and painless as it always is with her. Natasha is always professional and a credit to the surgery.

Author: Ann Rhind
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot thank all the staff at the ridgeway surgery enough. The doctors listen to you and always give advice and help
