Practice: CHADWELL HEATH SURGERY
Canonical code: F86028
Postcode: RM6 4AF
Google Maps title: Chadwell Heath Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 250
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Chadwell+Heath+Surgery/@51.5732108,0.1226847,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a443edfa0f4d:0x730488c217004a0b!8m2!3d51.5732075!4d0.125265!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdqyzzv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86028-chadwell-heath-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kobytha Kobynathsingh
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an appointment with Dr Hakim today. She was so lovely, really listened to my concerns, and guided me on the next steps forward. She also provided multiple options for further treatment of my condition. I would definitely recommend her care to others.

Author: anum usmani
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Sumaira Malik is the best doctor in the surgery. She always listens to the health concerns carefully and treat accordingly. We feel blessed to have her. 5 star doctor.

Author: Angel Dust
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Sumaira is the best doctor in this surgery. She is very kind and compassionate and listens to all your queries thoroughly.

Author: Tasneem
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst surgery ever. I just waited patiently for TWO HOURS ON THE PHONE only be told by an automated voice that they can’t put my call through!! Been trying to get through to 2 days now. What am I supposed to do? The app doesn’t give me a choice to make an appointment!

Author: Jaggi Kussa
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Posting this on behalf of my daughter, as she does not have a Gmail account. She recently had an appointment with Dr Ritu Vashisht at Chadwell Heath Surgery and wanted to share how grateful she is for the care she received. Dr Vashisht was extremely kind, patient, and attentive throughout the consultation. She took the time to listen carefully to all of her concerns and explained everything in a clear and reassuring way without making her feel rushed. It meant a lot to feel genuinely heard and supported, and it is very reassuring to have a doctor who shows such compassion and professionalism. Thank you, Dr Vashisht, for the excellent care.

Author: Sebastian Munnii
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP is useless I booked an appointment for Friday in the Gp and they told me I haven’t got an appointment, honestly it’s a waste of time. Please do your job properly

Author: Arooba Tahir
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tahreem Malik has been very helpful and nice with my mom. She’s the only individual in this practice who listens and gets stuff done! I recommend her to everyone!

Author: Anees Baqir
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had a really positive experience with this GP surgery since I registered with them more than 6 months ago. If you call early in the morning, it’s usually possible to get a same-day face-to-face appointment (I always got my appointment same day), which is something I really appreciate. At my previous GP surgery, I only had one face-to-face appointment when I first registered, so this is a huge improvement. The staff here are always friendly and supportive. They listen carefully to what you have to say and genuinely try their best to help. You never feel rushed or ignored, which makes a big difference when you’re worried about your health. I would especially like to thank Dr. S. Malik and Dr. Hakim. Both are very professional and take the time to listen and explain things properly. Their approach makes you feel comfortable and confident about the care you’re receiving. Overall, the whole team is welcoming and helpful.

Author: Jasmeet Panesar
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ashley was very good at taking my bloods , very helpful and professional.

Author: Aer Bran Dhim
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Dont know whats going on there. Being number 1 in call for 1.5hrs doesnt seem right when they finally picked up and it took 10 seconds to book my appointment. Also the callback feature doesnt work and i have the timestamps to prove it, i received a text message saying they attempted to call twice, but the phone was in my hand at the time, the tine stamp if the call was provided. Which had a 2 second difference from the time stamp of the text telling me they had called twice. When i called back i was 1st in queue for 31 minutes. This is only 1/4 things that need improving
