Practice: THE EVERGREEN SURGERY
Canonical code: F86023
Postcode: E11 2AQ
Google Maps title: The Evergreen Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 91
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Evergreen+Surgery/@51.5780619,0.0231568,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a73f8d9ec361:0xf5dc6b88a814c577!8m2!3d51.5780586!4d0.0257371!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ydnz1knf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86023-the-evergreen-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Julija Potlova
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a very positive experience with Evergreen Surgery. When I called, they offered me a same-day appointment, which I really appreciated. Unfortunately, I couldn’t attend that day because I had to work, but they arranged an appointment for the next morning. I was seen promptly and everything was well organised. Dr Hutchings was attentive, professional and kind. He listened carefully to my symptoms, examined me properly and explained everything clearly. I felt heard and supported, not rushed. The whole process was smooth and efficient, and I’m very grateful for the care I received. I would definitely recommend this GP surgery.

Author: tonicia nelson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not answer the phone!! I feel sorry for the patients at this GP because they totally ignore you, I have been number 1 in the Que for more than 45 minutes. Extremely frustrating

Author: Desi Tulloch
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was advised to request repeat prescriptions by submitting a written request at the GP surgery. The first time worked well, but the second time the wrong medication was sent, which is very concerning. When I contacted the practice, the reception staff were dismissive and unhelpful. I was told to submit another request, which was later cancelled without any explanation or notification. Despite explaining that I urgently needed my contraceptive medication, I received poor guidance and conflicting information. After weeks of trying, I was eventually told by a pharmacist that this medication is no longer prescribed by the GP, something the surgery failed to explain. Overall, this was a frustrating experience due to poor communication, lack of empathy, and unprofessional reception staff.

Author: Hannah-Kate Meredith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking surgery. So awful we’ve recently moved to the area and I’ve been having health issues and the surgery are making things so much more difficult for me and my husband. Making us jump through hoops in order to speak to people get appointments and then referring us to the wrong hospital’s generally giving us the wrong information wasting our time on several occasions . If I could find a proper process to complain about them, I would but even getting that information from them is impossible.

Author: Sue Mutter
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had excellent care and attention by Drs, nurses and practice staff at the Evergreen Surgery. Thank you

Author: Hodgson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We've been registered with Evergreen since 2022. It's a wonderful GP practice and as a family with young children we've received a very good level of care. We've seen a number of the doctors and nurses at the practice and have received a consistently high level of care.

Author: P T
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very impressed with response to Klinic form request. Phone call within an hour and positive, supportive action taken.

Author: Andrew Bolingbroke
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Does anyone else have trouble getting an appointment with a nurse particularly on Wednesday and Friday I've got a leg ulcer that is supposed to be redressed 3 times a week but getting the appointments is almost impossible my wound is getting worse but nobody seems to care just keep getting fobbed off by the receptionist level of care is not not good I do not like leaving bad reviews but I'm totally frustrated

Author: R L
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not a great experience with Nurse Mian. Poor bedside manner, uncaring and acted as though my appointment was an inconvenience to her. If you're looking for a compassionate practitioner, especially for anxious or intimate examinations, I would avoid.

Author: Eleanor Pope
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have always found the staff to be incredibly helpful. Sorted a fit to fly letter for me in under 24 hours. They respond to email queries rather than ignoring them. I once saw a staff member sitting with an elderly gentleman helping him to use a complicated online system on his mobile, very friendly and professional.
