Practice: HAINAULT SURGERY
Canonical code: F86085
Postcode: IG6 2XG
Google Maps title: Hainault Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hainault+Surgery/@51.6022613,0.0838928,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a153a463aaab:0xb7f69ec63111a168!8m2!3d51.602258!4d0.0864731!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fr3lkqv2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86085-hainault-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: R.
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I found Dr Nooriyah very rude and abrupt when I asked questions. Doctors really need to start being alittle sympathetic towards their patients especially when they are coming in with a concern. Being a little gentle with your words can go along way.

Author: Angelique Bagga
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
My daughter went to see doctor Suri over a week ago ,When she went to the pharmacy to collect her prescription, we found many items the doctor had prescribed were not at the pharmacy..She has repeatedly asked for over a week now about the other items..I just feel this has been so frustrating and stressful,such a lazy service..

Author: Mmkm Store
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery is run by an elderly doctor with visibly unsteady hands. He requested £150 in cash to complete and sign a government document on my behalf. However, due to the poor quality of the handwriting and multiple spelling errors in my name, the document was deemed unreadable by government officials, resulting in my application being delayed by several weeks.

Author: agile Mind
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid registering with this surgery. My younger child was admitted to hospital after the surgery failed to prescribe any medication and instead advised me to manage his condition with over-the-counter painkillers. I am now writing this review from the hospital while sitting beside my older child, who has serious gastrointestinal issues. Hainault Surgery again dismissed the severity of the situation and advised treatment with over-the-counter electrolytes rather than proper medical care. If you care about your children’s health and your own I strongly recommend staying away from this practice.

Author: G M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Surgery is good and dr suri is always helpful. Receptionist called Jay is very rude and has zero customer service. In the process of putting a complaint against her. She is very off putting with her manners and does let the surgery down. As a receptionist and the 1st person patience speak to, would have thought they would have someone approachable, stars are reduced because of her.

Author: Amandeep Jethwa
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been with the surgery for almost 10 years and each year the service gets worse. Today I took my 8 week old for her check up and vaccinations and they had me waiting in reception for almost an hour in 33 degrees! They had a basic fan in reception that did nothing to cool her down. I discovered that they had a new member of staff who didn’t even book the appointment right so they didn’t alert the doctor that there is an 8 week old in reception! They also didn’t book it in as a 6-8 week check up appointment so didn’t allocate the correct time so we are having to go in AGAIN next week. It’s not good enough and the facilities are very poor! I feel sorry for the doctors working in those conditions! Both doctor and nurse rooms were far too hot, I had a friend with me luckily who was fanning my distressed baby with a leaflet!

Author: Mark Hutson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jabun is always extremely helpful with booking appointments , especially with arranging a fasting blood test can’t her or the practice staff a big thank you

Author: Gamer “StrategyGeneral” God
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible

Author: gheorghita damian
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t bother registering with this surgery if you have a chronic illness or serious health issues. The doctor isn’t interested in helping you at all. I visited the surgery with breathing issues, chest and abdominal pressure, and extreme bloating, only to be told that nothing was wrong. Now, I’m struggling even more. I had to pay a lot of money to see a private consultant and am currently in the process of changing surgeries.

Author: Chubby Frog (LavenderLemon)
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr. Chaudhary needs to be stripped of her license- what a dangerously cruel and bitter women - ZERO bedside manner despite being in a mental health crisis I was treated terribly- black and white thinking and very very negligent towards mental health- I was treated like I was faking it and told to stop crying because I’m “clearly not listening” looking into taking legal action once I’ve gathered more information DO NOT SEE HER, she makes dr suri look like a saint
