Practice: THE BAILEY PRACTICE
Canonical code: F86689
Postcode: E17 9LY
Google Maps title: The Bailey Practice
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Bailey+Practice/@51.5828541,-0.0127296,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761df15d8f4f07:0x6b0fcfb9634fecd2!8m2!3d51.5828508!4d-0.0101493!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g81v19c8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86689-the-bailey-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Antonio Geanta
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Both Bailey's Ms Elizabeth and Ms Jennifer are excellent and experienced Doctors. Also physiotherapeut Ms Mojisola I visited yesterday are great professional

Author: anna lagoda
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My son has been sick over 10 days and not getting any better. He needed the stronger prescribed medicine not just over the counter since Calpol paracetamol doesn’t help, and GP Liz has refused helping. Saying just wait another few days and it will get better just get him medicine for viral infection in pharmacy, as it’s not chest infection to what she believes even though she didn’t see him face to face. They never have more slots available to see them as well or being referred else where. I called nhs 111 for another doctor to speak with us, when I called back Bailey Practise speaking to the receptionist saying we are getting help from nhs AGAIN because this is nit the first time happening we are left out this way …, As I was saying to her that refusing to help the patient it’s a medical negligence, then she put the phone down on me. Thank you and bye . This is not the first time she did that. Yet I know her personally as our children went preschool together. Shame on you ! You shall listen, hear, and assist people with their queries having empathy compassion service. NOT PUT PHONE DOWN ON THEM , WHAT SERVICE IS THAT ?????!!!!!!! The receptionists have no manners at all. They suppose to help people not ignore them and brush off everyone with their attitudes. I am not the only one, as I see google reviews from others saying the same thing. I have contacted solicitors and PALS legal services complaining about your practice and lack of care for your own patients. Thanks, Anna Lagoda

Author: Lauren Mellman
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are not the problem, but I cannot understand how a member of the front desk staff is able to get away with behaving in such an appalling manner. Not only did she laugh loudly with a fellow colleague when I was on the phone, I was calling to explain that I was in agony and needed further medication to tie me over before my spine operation next week, which this person in question later explained to me was not an emergency and that I should have dealt with it sooner. Truly appalled

Author: Joyce Lemay
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alway very nice to me

Author: Mag Stef
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Me and my partner are happy with this gp , always responsive and helpful , thanks NHS

Author: Mathilda and Ed Simmons
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP I have ever seen. Proper family practice, the GPs remember you and care about you.

Author: Emily McDonald
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP practice experience I’ve had! Very pleased this is now my local doctors

Author: Marianne Cooney
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This family run practice ought to be given higher ratings than presented on google reviews. The GPs, clinical and admin staff are kind, warm and listen to your needs - they always take the time and go out of their way to assist you and really demonstrate that they put patient care as their top priority. The two GP (Dr Baileys) have been warm, compassionate and understanding for my differing health needs and take my personal ethics into account in addition to recommending medical care. I have noticed a dramatic improvement of care provided at this GP practice vs other GPs (signed up approx 1 year ago when I moved to the area). To have a surgery where you feel listened to whilst also being treated for medical care has made a huge difference to my mental health. I could not recommend this practice enough and thank you to all the staff here for making a noticeable difference to my physical and mental health outcomes. Thank you to the team for all you do and continue to do for your patients and community

Author: Leo Woolcock
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wonderful doctors and supporting staff. Have always been pleased with the service offered here.

Author: angela melville
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with the practice for over 40 years and I have always felt that the Bailey's ALWAYS show me compassion and empathy. The reception staff have also been accommodating too.
