Practice: CLAYHALL CLINIC
Canonical code: F86691
Postcode: IG5 0LG
Google Maps title: Clayhall Clinic
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 69
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clayhall+Clinic/@51.5908719,0.047963,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a6d71ffd16eb:0x73684721947f38c1!8m2!3d51.5908686!4d0.0505433!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td0frx2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86691-clayhall-clinic.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mike Wintle
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Spam call

Author: Ranj G
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling service. I called the practice genuinely needing help and was bluntly told they were “too busy” to deal with me. When I then went into the practice in person, staff were clearly not busy at all — standing around chatting at the back while patients were being brushed off. The attitude was rude, dismissive, and completely lacking in basic professionalism or care. If you’re going to run a medical practice, the bare minimum is treating people with respect — especially when they’re asking for help. I would strongly advise others to think twice before relying on this practice. Horrible service and very disappointing experience.

Author: Ana Martins
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible costumer service , what a shame ! They should really have costumer service training before placing this people to represent a health sector !

Author: Londoner UK
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
NHS please close this place is a hell for parents Dr are rude and argent, reception has attitude of I don't care People please avoid and move to better place

Author: Sadia Queen
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
RUDEST RECEPTIONISTS EVER, no manners at all and very disrespectful. Unreal how annoyed they always are. Even kept screaming at my son one time. Their actions should be reviewed

Author: Sharon
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
RODING LANE PRACTICE!!! Worst Doctor - Dr JINCY (something) absolutely awful, the worst I’ve met in the whole 15years of being with Clayhall clinic. I went to see her due to my knee being swollen and not being able to bend my leg, so without looking or examining it she said to rub ibuprofen on it- I had jeans on so she had no visual look at it. Also I said I’ve been having abdominal pain for two weeks and again from across the room she said to take Lanszoprosole. When she realised I was getting annoyed, she said if it continues, I’d have to be referred to hospital for ammuno suppression. Then I laughed and said “can you not see on your screen that I’ve already been taking them for 4years?” I just left out of frustration. Wasted trip and waste of time, Doctors at Clayhall ave are brilliant. I won’t be taking any appointment's with her in the future!

Author: ItzShamsPlayz
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
ItzShamsPlayz1 review7 months ago

Author: erina faran
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgraceful service. The self check in screen was broken, and instead of fixing it or placing a sign, the reception staff left patients standing in a long queue. When we finally reached the desk to explain the issue, the receptionist had the audacity to say we were late. Shame on you. Take responsibility for your incompetence. At the very least, acknowledge your own fault. This is the worst GP surgery I’ve ever dealt with and Worst receptionist

Author: Elise Harbour
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I spoke to a receptionist called Shen (I think that's her name) she was so rude and had such a bad attitude. I was holding on for 35mins. She gave me attitude and hung up on me!! I then called again, held on for 25 mins and suprise suprise no apts left. I mean none of them are great but what gives her the right to do that? Serious complaint being made about her!!

Author: Parnjit Singh
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I came across speaking today to a very polite and helpful lady on the reception name of Shen. Shen guided me through how I can find my test results using the nhs app.i felt the straight away that she is naturally a helpful person from start of our conversation over the phone. Hope all of the colleagues can be helpful as Shen.
