Practice: LARKSHALL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: F86664
Postcode: E4 7HS
Google Maps title: Larkshall Medical Centre1, Larkshall Rd
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Larkshall+Medical+Centre1,+Larkshall+Rd/@51.6280873,0.0010928,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a09c4ad3f84d:0xe49a718ac0fe77bc!8m2!3d51.628084!4d0.0036731!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdklgyr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86664-larkshall-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Amir Khan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Amir KhanLocal Guide · 8 reviews · 10 photos2 months ago

Author: george patmore
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Have to wait in the line when there is only one person answering when you could employ more people but no want to speak to someone to I have to wait 2 hours

Author: Miklos Sagi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Turned a 4 year old in pain away because they were “fully booked”. Pretty useless practice, most of the time they won’t help just turn you to A&E, so it is waste of time to visit.

Author: TI
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My feedback is positive that of doctors they seem to know there stuff really well, unfortunately, after 5 years at this practice for my own health issues I've raised and overseeing family members I can't give too much praise for this surgery and my reasons listed below; Whilst I appreciate the NHS has been under pressure it's very poor that followups on certain issues aren't made by the front team as promptly as it's needed on certain issues. I have made queries to never be heard back from, constantly having to chase things again l, and again and again. Shivonne, Mel & Julia in particular have always been fantastic especially with a family member of mine they seem to be the most competent and have great personable skills, but it just seems there needs to be better organisation from team members working on administrative duties. Training or re-training is in dire need as staff always have trouble navigating their way around internal systems and left clueless on what to do. All this makes it worse when met with a condescending rude tone as I received from a staff member today. I will not name, as this is still unfair and I'm unaware around her own training background although it's noted another patient has listed her rudeness in their review sometimes back so even more worrying it has gone on this long without appropriate in-house feedback and management. Appreciate some staff may be met with rudeness from other patients but serves well for all that is not carried on to other patients which judging by the tone of most staff, it seems to be. I've always been understanding on those who are starting out but no need to speak to patients without a level of politeness when one has shown to be respectful. Majority of the time it seems diabolical there is so many members of staff but things are yet still so slow. Better management and rotation of staff on responsibilities for front of surgery. Always seems like people are suited to one job only. Takes ages to get an appointment and something that's been a huge concern to me is that yearly reviews are now done by reception staff not the doctors or other medical professionals themselves. As a result something was missed on my review for asthma which I was only told later at a flu jab appointment by the nurse and also on my blood test which a pharmacist informed of later. This is concerning as things around health issues can be missed if staff who can't understand health issues are left to communicate these to patients. If you are a mental health patient I'd honestly choose a different practice, I've had better service on this matter from other doctors and by far feel forgotten and left out to the point I see no point discussing these matters with my doctor. Hostile approaches from some members won't help especially if you're unsure of yourself at times. Whilst it's difficult to change for my own family members I will be looking for another practice, despite my patience over all these years, the lacking professionalism by the administrative team is the reason for my decision. As for the doctors, they are brilliant as I mentioned before, just a shame you have to tackle so many people to get to see them. Dr Kumar, Dr Pre and Dr Couppis I've had appointments with in the past all of whom have been fantastic along with the pharmacist, Aysha! EDIT: Changing from 3* to 1*, too many responsibilities are given to admin staff and they need to be trained, please avoid as they will make mistake after mistake. It's not just a few but the whole team are this point who seems to have no idea what they are doing. No accountability when they make errors and they just deny you spoke to them.

Author: Rej Bee
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience with this surgery over the past years has been consistently disappointing. The reception staff are often rude, dismissive, and passive-aggressive. Considering that people come to a doctor’s surgery because they are unwell or vulnerable, the first point of contact should be supportive and compassionate, unfortunately, this has never been the case here. In all my years attending this practice, I have not encountered a single receptionist who has made me feel genuinely helped or accommodated, whether for myself or my family. Trying to book an appointment feels like scrambling for the last tickets to a major concert, stressful, chaotic, and unnecessarily difficult. The phone system for booking emergency appointments at 8am is completely ineffective. Unless you are among the first few callers, you have almost no chance of securing an appointment. This setup causes immense anxiety; I genuinely dread the thought of myself or a family member becoming unwell because contacting the surgery is such a stressful experience. The overall attitude and system here are unacceptable, and a major change is urgently needed.

Author: Shaun
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Over 50 mins in first position on the phone to get through to reception. Whilst I was in there still on the phone waiting I watched 3 out of 5 receptionist hang up and go on calls...but still my position 1 call was not answered. Most ridiculous call waiting times I have ever come across

Author: S P
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Omg these receptionist are RUDE, INSENSITIVE, APATHETIC. How do they even have a job as front of house is beyond me. If it wasn't for the vicinity to my house I would change practice just not to speak to one of these callous people anymore. There's one in particular that I had the displeasure to have contact with a couple of times, I unfortunately didn't get her name but she is so unprofessional and lacks any interest or emotion towards patient. Also, she improvise herself a doctor 💀 this practice should fully change this reception team! Reception "opens" at 8am but when you call at 8, your call won't be answered! 13 mins waiting as "caller n.2" when I decided to request a call back, call that arrived at their early convenience 27 mins late than the line are supposed to be open. Stay well away from this hell practice.

Author: Diana Lamont
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am not a patient at this practice but my 95 year old uncle is and I have been in contact on so many occasions with the surgery on his behalf. I cannot praise this practice’s receptionists more highly. They have been nothing but helpful, informative and friendly as well as supportive and professional. I can’t thank them more for sorting out the problems I have had. Chingford is lucky to have them.

Author: Ovidiu Podariu
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
⭐☆☆☆☆ Unprofessional and frustrating experience I’ve been waiting nearly a month for my medical history file, which I urgently need for a new job application. Despite visiting Larkshall Medical Centre multiple times to follow up, I kept getting a different excuse each time. At one point, they even admitted they had lost track of my request and told me to come back another day. After all the delays and hassle, what I finally received—four weeks later—was simply an email with my file, with no official stamps or signatures. The level of disorganisation is shocking. This whole process was stressful, time-consuming, and completely avoidable if they had handled my request properly in the first place.

Author: Martin Burdfield
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited over an hour for my appointment. Also I not invited for my booster shingles jab
