Practice: ST CLEMENT'S SURGERY
Canonical code: F86702
Postcode: IG1 4LA
Google Maps title: St Clement's Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 46
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Clement's+Surgery/@51.564172,0.0695743,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a68ce85c0c27:0xe5292bca54117d56!8m2!3d51.5641687!4d0.0721546!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j53m7wq6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/F86702-st-clements-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: St. Peters Community
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
St. Peters Community5 months ago

Author: Salma Noorgat
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a minor surgery at this surgery, the staff were extremely helpful and polite. Dr Solomon was outstanding in his field of work. He kept me informed of the operation and gave a detailed step by step process of what was going to be done. I cannot thank him enough. Excellent service of work provided.

Author: Zeeshan Ali
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
This surgery used to be great for caring for patients, but since the new nanagent, the patient care is now non-existent. Staff are rude and unprofessional. They ask unreasonable questions that you don't want to discuss with them. Getting an appointment is almost impossible. Dr Solomon Senior is probably the best GP I have seen in my life. I'm most grateful for his care and attention over the years.

Author: MUHAMMAD NISSAN
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m truly grateful for the care and support I’ve received from St Clement’s Surgery. The staff are incredibly compassionate, flexible, and supportive—always willing to go the extra mile to help and provide practical solutions, no matter the concern. A special mention to Dr Solomon, who is exceptionally patient and understanding. He always takes the time to listen attentively and never rushes through appointments. His dedication and willingness to go beyond expectations make a real difference in the lives of patients. Highly recommend this surgery for anyone looking for genuine care and excellent support. Thank you to the entire team!

Author: Roland
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service by all especially Dr Solomon.

Author: Barua Ashis Baran
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad service I have an infection I’ve called made me wait 25 mins I had to walk to the gp while I was on hold to them then receptionist answer and I’ve explained that have just got back from A&E and they told me to go to my local gp to book an appointment but she didn’t even a knowledge what I’ve said instead kept on telling me to go to barking emergency and said I can’t speak to the manager to complain that I have to book an appointment to speak to the manager and they can’t book an appointment for me to cal back the next day at 8am why have the number there and say they pre book and not book patient unprofessional behaviour Amma going to make a complaint to NHS

Author: Ahsan H
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been this practice for several years and this felt like a massive upgrade compared to my previous surgery. I love the fact they provide you GP call backs and generally if you call in the morning, you get same day appointment. Getting an appointment in time was impossible at my previous surgery.

Author: A T
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Chana is exceptional. She is very polite and understanding and takes time to listen and is very empathetic. She's amazing at listening to problems and finding ways to solve them and is so good at reassuring you. Seriously top level. THE RECEPTIONISTS ARE AWFUL. They are very poor at taking calls and conversing with patients. IT IS OUTRGEOUS HOW LONG YOU HAVE TO STAY ON THE LINE. THE SYSTEM IS SERIOUSLY FLAWED. You cannot expect people to hold on for an hour or even up to 90 minutes to get an appointment. Then they'll ask if its urgent, why else will i be calling if its not urgent? It frustrates me that I have to stay on call for 90 minutes for them to say were fully booked. IT IS AN ABSOLUTE SHAMBLES AND THEY ARE MAKING A MOCKERY OF PEOPLE WHO NEED TO BE SEEING A DOCTOR. They wont give you a time slot when you'll get a call back and expect you to be free all day long. There's a lot of fundamental flaws with this GP that haven't been addressed for many years and the pandemic has seriously exposed them all. Its a shame because Dr Chana is exceptional, but the place is let down by inadequate people who are ruining peoples healthcare needs. FIX UP THE CALL SYSTEM, ITS AN ABSOLUTE SHAMBLES. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Edit.. A review after 2 years. Major improvements have been made. Surgery is noticeably run way better. Phone calls are being answered promptly and therefore appointments are being made. The receptionists have been replaced with better staff. Its good to see that steps have been taken to improve this place. The GP has made newer rooms and the place has been nicely revamped to make it a better and modern practice, very good. There was once a point in time 2 years ago where I thought this place was done. So many doctors were very awful, the phone line were a mess, trying to book an appointment was almost as difficult as predicting the numbers for the lottery and just the care of the practice was so bad. Its sad to see that Dr Chana and a few other brilliant doctors left, with the current doctors, it would have been absolutely exceptional practice. I wish them all the best and appreciate the care they provided me. Its night and day compared to 2 years ago, changes that have been made. I am very impressed. Keep up the good work and continue making improvements, this place has done well to fix previous problems.

Author: Shush Patel
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you, Dr Winston Solomon, for your excellent professional skills and care. You and all the staff at the St Clemens Surgery create a warm, welcome, safe and clean environment. As a patient I feel comfortable and know that I will get the best service. I am particularly gratefully to you for making an appointment to see me after assessing my e consult. During the consultation, you took the time to listen to me about my ongoing tendinitis, hurting heels pain and other ailments with care, respect and empathy. You arranged and provided the necessary care. I consider myself very privileged to be registered with the St Clements Surgery. My friends elsewhere in the borough envy me as they do not get appointments to see the health professionals and experience difficulties in getting their repeat prescription. I would like to mention here that, our GP surgery is outstanding, especially during Covid. You continued to provide care by managing very difficult circumstance. This is invaluable to all the patients. I have been a patient since 2000, and over the years have had many positive experiences from all the doctors and staff at the St Clements Surgery.

Author: Muhidin Muhidin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Muhidin MuhidinLocal Guide · 21 reviewsa year ago
