Practice: LITTLE COMMON SURGERY
Canonical code: G81039
Postcode: TN39 4SP
Google Maps title: Little Common Surgery
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Little+Common+Surgery/@50.8422869,0.4310148,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df0d8bab5d6249:0xdc34bc431c4e12b3!8m2!3d50.8422835!4d0.4335951!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc18htvq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81039-little-common-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Giulia
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sometimes the support/admin staff in doctors’ surgeries get such bad press. Today I asked for some urgent information which involved researching my historic records. Joanne was incredibly helpful and went out of her way to obtain the documents I needed. She then subsequently scanned over 40 pages to me via email. Nothing was a problem and she was lovely to deal with. Thank you so much Joanne …. X

Author: Abi Weeden
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Abi WeedenLocal Guide · 8 reviews · 1 photoa month ago

Author: Patrick O
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I'm afraid I have to agree with the negative comments, the attitude towards patients from a minority of staff is really hostile and sadly reflects on the good people who work there, of which there are many. I made two formal complaints in my 3 years registered, both of which were upheld. The first included a telephone recording which I was told they used in a training session for staff on how not to talk to people. I also had to switch Dr's as she was refusing repeat prescriptions for not having blood tests which were cancelled by the surgery themselves! Also she did not follow up my referrals and her rudeness to colleagues at the Royal Free in London got me discharged from their specialist care. She refused to help when they asked for assistance with my bloods and told them I didn't need them anymore. Thankfully I've moved out of the area.

Author: Tia
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Rubery and the reception staff are very friendly and welcoming

Author: Chris Stevens
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good

Author: Paul Melham
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
So hard to get to see a doctor. Being paired with old town surgery, we now have to walk 25 minutes or drive. Which is not possible at present. I know it's a uk wide issue since covid 19 was in the air. But come on wake up. Gp's can do house calls instead of over the phone appointments these days.

Author: P&T SM
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My mother in law was getting forgetful and paranoid. We took her to the clinic. Her doctor (Dr. Stocks) asked a few questions instead of referring her to a specialist, and he didn't diagnose anything. It got worse, so we asked for more tests, and they did an MRI, but we didn't hear anything back, so we contacted the clinic, and apparently, after consulting a specialist, they decided that the scans didn't show anything abnormal. A year later when she moved out of bexhill, her new Doctor realised something was wrong and referred her to memory clinic and they reviewed the old scans and said that the original scan showed abnormalities a year ago. They started the treatment right away. What a disaster! She could have been in a better situation if it wasn't for that misdiagnosis! BIG SHAME!

Author: eric mitchell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the team at Little Common doctors surgery, support staff, receptionists, and doctors are absolutely 1st class. Nothing is ever to much trouble for them. A big thank you. Regards Eric Mitchell

Author: Sabreena Head
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The lack of care and empathy at this place is disgusting. Never seen so much ego in my life stay away at all costs is my advice. Remeber we pay your wages they seem to forget this

Author: Fiona Rae
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I attended Little Common surgery this morning for my RSV vaccination. I was a few minutes early but was called in to the nurse, Jo Richardson , before I had even had time to sit down! I was advised that as it was time for my routine monthly blood test I could also have that at the same time, which offer I readily accepted. Taking blood from me is not easy but Mrs Richardson achieved it at the first attempt. ( A relief for both of us I think! ) Well done Little Common surgery and in particular Mrs Jo Richardson. Thank you for an excellent patient experience.
