Practice: CARDEN SURGERY
Canonical code: G81014
Postcode: BN1 8DD
Google Maps title: Carden Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Carden+Surgery/@50.8617801,-0.1305305,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48758f723c989e4b:0x23207e1f71418014!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875859f6e303681:0x8d3fe707a074d070!8m2!3d50.8617767!4d-0.1279502!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b74wzr14?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81014-carden-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stephen Howlett
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist that answered the phone shouldn't be allowed anywhere near the job ,I asked for a doctors appointment and she just said no phone in a couple of days and hung up, didn't ask the problem or who I was , I tape all my calls so would love to play this to the MP just to show them what sort of people are employed here, I must add the time before that was a different receptionist and she was absolutely luvly ,its a toss up which one you get.

Author: Katie Eve
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Wrote that they had filled out a referral I asked for and have been waiting over a year for just to find out they never did it. Such a lazy incompetent gp

Author: Stevie whatman
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery is a disgrace phoned for appointment and I have tonsillitis and the receptionist tells me the only appointment available is three weeks away I am going to change my surgery as you can never get appointment even though you are told to ring up in the morning and when you do there are no appointments left.

Author: Aruna Liyanage
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Aruna Liyanage1 review3 months ago

Author: Julian Weaver
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Arrived for an appointment where I I had slightly different details (time & doctor’s name) and reception said I had no appointment. I rechecked the time and still ‘nothing on the system’ I left, called the out of hours number and they confirmed my appointment. When I went back, they had managed to find it in my absence and blamed their spectacles!

Author: Stuart Richardson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Flu jab 11/ 10 .Breach of Caldicott guidelines Guidelines lack of training for staff “ Name please ? And your date of birth” The whole waiting room could hear every word . There is an auto check in which mitigates this . I have had to visit the surgery several times after a cancer diagnosis and treatment to the receptionist give my date of birth orally before asking the GP for blood tests . I am fairly open about my diagnosis to male friends but do I want the whole waiting room to hear it no . I have heard acutely ill MH patients become very distressed indeed .Suggest senior manageament ask the Intergrated care board to address what is going to cost a lot of money urgently as business case reports and estimates take a lot of time . The confidential room can’t be used as staff need a chaperone and short of staff . You could use volunteers to help with chaperones , male and female . There is loads of us retired that could help Suggest a form DOB , DIAGNOSIS AND WHY YOU ARE HERE and what do you want the receptionist to do . It could be done digitally to save the trees or remote access from home Caldicot covered .

Author: Ella
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking service today from a woman on this mornings reception. Called up at 9:10am, she said she had an appointment at 9:10am and could I come straight in, to which I replied yes! She said she'd make a note that I'm on my way. I ordered an Uber and went straight to the centre. I arrived at 9:35am and she told me I was too late for my appointment and no one could see me?! You don't tell someone to come in for an appointment at the time you're calling unless you're aware they need time to get there. I can't fly. Been coming here my whole life but the service has gone downhill and is now so shocking. Especially as it was a very important matter. She then told me to call up the following morning and didn't even offer to make an appointment for me.

Author: Scott Pettit
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute shambles. If it wasn't for the fact I have no way of getting to another drs, I'd tell this lot to shove it. They are rude and intrusive. Thinking they need to know everything as a receptionist. Sorry when somethings private, its private. They contact you and tell you to call and book an appointment. So you do, to be told there isn't any, becsuse they made you wait in a queue of about 20+ people at 8.30 because they have no brains and can't do split days. Have appointments in the morning that people can book at 8.30 and have a time slot at say 12.30 for example, for those that cant get to a phone at 8.30am ans book afternoon appointments. I suffer with migraines, extremely bad, there isn't a day that goes by without having one, to the point I have to curl into a ball in the dark and try sleep. Not sure if some of you have heard of Jehane Thomas.... go do some searching if you havent. This poor lady died because the English nhs and Dr surgery's, ignored her, the exact very same thing that is happening to me, being ignored, told that its nothing, given some tablets and cant get a medication review because they wont give me an appointment, neither will they arrange my head to be checked by a specialist like I requested as I KNOW there is something they are missing, people dont have migraines every day single day, if nothing is wrong with their body/head. The neglect that comes from this surgery in unreal.

Author: Samantha Child
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had the pleasure of meeting Dr Thomas Lever for an appointment today. I had already been told by an HCA that worked for the Practice that the patient's said he was one of the best doctors. I have to agree. I was impressed with his medical expertise and communication. Thank you to Dr Thomas Lever.

Author: Kevin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Appointment with the nurse no one at reception when I arrived could not sign in on the wall monitor tried three times. Nurse come out asking if anyone waiting I said yes she replied female looking for. Waited an hour left called the reception after I complained said I was rude phone put down on me. I never swore or shouted.. Neglected and abused.
