Practice: CHAPEL STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: G81061
Postcode: BN9 9PW
Google Maps title: Chapel Street Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 39
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Chapel+Street+Surgery/@50.793082,0.0485891,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df7c526d319a79:0xe603e3fcb2b3628f!8m2!3d50.7930786!4d0.0511694!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tvgtmjx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81061-chapel-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Paul Hyde
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been reading the terrible negative reviews..... Felt that I had to redress the balance. I've been with the surgery for at least 40 years and, while nobody's perfect, with the odd mistake on their part, over all they have been absolutely first class! In my case, I only have to mention that I'm diabetic and, depending on the problem, I'm in the surgery before my feet can touch the ground! Just be glad - very glad, we're not in the USA! God bless Anyren Bevin and the NHS....

Author: Yazzmin Starley
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had multiple issues with the surgery in the past two years since being diagnosed with epilepsy ive really seen a decline on there behalf they where given 2 weeks notice of my prescription and didn't get a dr to sigh it off this caused me to have a seizure they blamed this on me for not placing my prescription in time the most recent problem I've had started 2 weeks before Christmas when I noticed I had a ear infection I called maybe 4 times before I was told I can have an appointment I didn't see a dr I saw a off duty ambulance driver who prescribed me a type of spray that I was told will either help or make it worse since using the spray my ear has burst and this is causing extreme pain ive been turned down by multiple people all while being quite rude I wouldn't recommend if you have any serious health issues.

Author: Gary Oliver
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking surgery. Never put the repeat prescriptions through in time and even when they do they constantly make mistakes. The reception staff are rude and the manager is ruder still and very arrogant. They do not contact you back when they say they will. The doctors haven’t got a clue what they are talking about and are rude and arrogant too. The only nice ones are the nurses. Should not be practising!

Author: stacey hutchinson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst pratice ever i. A cancer i. Remission paitent and have had abdominal pain bliating hD scan got a tex fro. Doc saying cznt find nothing i challenged this to witch he bluted out blocked bile duct and said hed make referal 2 months on numerious phone calls assuring me its done and when i phone the hospital nothing no referal im worfied out my mind its life threatening no medication or advice when i phone the receptionst and ask her has it been done she says she cant see it and gdt simone to phone me and nothing so the doctors lie and the whole show is shit no one takes accountabilaty report doctors

Author: Daniel Pascale
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never any appointments cant get through on the phone tell you to go to A&E or 111 terrible service.

Author: Geoff Woodcock
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thanks to the lovely reception lady & Doctor Scot for his expertise yesterday morning. Geoff Woodcock.

Author: Gareth White
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They have turned appointments in to a game of bingo. Honestly i don't know why I call them at all. Unbelievably rude. Also a nurse there just told me doctors are allowed to record what they want during a consultation, I always assumed it was everything they recorded so thats made me feel very uneasy. They don't like being questioned, they don't like being told when they are wrong. But , hey nowhere is taking new patients on so we are stuck with each other. Unbelievable. I've been sectioned in the past for trying to take my life. I told them I'm in so much pain nobody is helping me. Tried 111 tried a and e tried this surgery. Nobody is helping me. Nobody is listening nobody cares. I'm ready to go After trying for nearly a week to speak to someone I've decided to treat myself and only go to the doctors when they ask me. There's literally no point contacting the surgery. They just tell you to call back in the morning, then tell you to call back in the afternoon and then repeat this every single day. It honestly feels like it's some kind of joke. Yes I understand they are busy but every single day, without fail you get told the same thing. So I'm self medicating now. They have contacted me to review my medication, they are not giving it me till the review. You can't get an appointment at all. So I'm just going to sit in pain now I buy medication illegally online when I can afford. I've never in my life been through anything like this.

Author: Andrew Williams
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Wot a bad service I think I will more doctor now as the are not a service I really would like to have the doctor lies and dose not ring you back

Author: Sco Sho
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Things have improved considerably since my last review. I applaud the embattled staff on reception and back office who really are trying their best in demanding circumstances! Normally I think this is a great place. The care I've had from here in the past has been exceptional. But I'm a disabled person. I can't call at 8.30am to make appointments. I'm just not awake at that time. I was told to call at 9am tomorrow. What's the bet all the appointments are taken by then? How does this disabled person get an appointment? Where are the 'reasonable adjustments'?

Author: Chloe Russell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
absolutely awful. i was told by the surgery in september 2022 that i needed a referral to MSK, but i would have to request it from them, which i did the following day. they told me it had been done. i then called to follow up every few months as i hadn't heard anything, and in every call i was told i would hear from MSK soon. a year goes by, still nothing, so i make another telephone appointment with the doctor. i ask him to check the referral, it was never done. at this point i call the surgery again to request the referral, they say i need to come for an in-person appointment, which i do. during that appointment the doctor (i believe it was doctor bulmer?) was incredibly dismissive and rude, and told me to just go to a&e next time my pain got bad, which i have done, and they didn't do anything either. when i explained this, he told me to either get a second opinion or leave. i switched to quayside after that and filed a complaint with chapel street, which i was told would be responded to within two weeks, but never heard back from that either. AVOID.
