Practice: QUINTINS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G81098
Postcode: BN27 1UG
Google Maps title: Quintin Medical Centre Hailsham
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Quintin+Medical+Centre+Hailsham/@50.8772076,0.2607939,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df6e65666177ff:0x5de8f9c6740ef10c!8m2!3d50.8772042!4d0.2633742!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tkv9134?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81098-quintins-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Neil Anderson
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I phoned the medical Center at 8.00am . I was naturally in a queue to talk to reception but within 15 minutes of waiting I was greeted by a pleasant lady who listened to my concern and booked me to see the doctor at 9.00am . I arrived on time and by 9.10am was seen to by a doctor . I am very impressed with the service I have received from everyone at the medical Center . Thank you .

Author: John Hoey
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Black and senior doctor I saw yesterday incredible treatment and very efficient thankyou, however on entering the doctors very rude young lady behind the counter should not integrate with the public she needs a personality transplant this was Tue 3/26 I went to. Battle Road very Tursk manner. Can’t fault medical personnel do a fantastic job working in exceptional circumstances. John

Author: Olivia Lawrence
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to mention LEANNE BARNES, I saw her today and she was so kind. Something you don’t always receive at this practice so I would like to say how grateful I am for her approach and efficiency in helping me. Also, Kelly Nulton for my blood test. Appreciate you both!

Author: Linda Winter
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Quintin medical centre visit today was avery positive experience. The appointment booking service was straight forward with very friendly reception staff. I saw Doctor Blayney who was very pleasant and helpful. It's great to have such a good doctor's surgery.

Author: Karen Rose
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Once again on phone trying to book an appt. Told almost straight away,have to listen to instructions first,that phones too busy call back later.I carry on trying from 8am until I get on list at position 19! Patiently wait. Finally speak to someone at 8.45!!! Told nothing left,call again tomorrow. Ask when they open so I can pop in, ohhh noooo,not allowed to do that, you can only book by phone!!!! Only want results from ultrasound, might as well try and rob the Bank of England.

Author: Mich Broad
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have now left this surgery after the dr only dip sticked my urine Not cultured it. Dip sticks have a high chance of being wrong and I have severe bladder issues yet the GP was not helpful I.have taken this further As having sepsis once due to urine infection I really need to be careful I have joined another surgery now But this was totally unprofessional and uncaring

Author: Trudie Grace
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very impressed with the care and compassion I have been given by all the various Dr's and Nurses I have seen so far. Have found the receptionists have been very helpful and abliging over the phone and over the counter. Been with this practice for a couple of years now and pleased I chose this practice.

Author: J G
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called to book an appointment. Was told it would be 6 weeks to see a specialist, or to call the next day at 8am and they could squeeze me in. Called every 2 mins from 8 to 9, automated message saying high volume of calls and unable to answer. Finally get through at 9:15 and no appointments available. Signed up to private healthcare later that day.

Author: Jenny O'Malley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ (If I could give more, I would!) I’ve only ever dealt with Quinton Medical Centre over the phone, but every time the experience has been excellent. From reception to the wider team, everyone is so helpful, kind, and patient. Truly brilliant service and so reassuring to know help is just a call away.

Author: Eleanor Johnson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All GPs, including Dr Mcghee, Dr Inglis, Dr Chan and a locum today called Dr Burns have been very helpful to me, for managing my anxiety, including giving me advice on the different medicines i can take, how they will help, and the services available that I can access. They have given me a much wider understanding of how to manage my anxiety too
