Practice: WOODINGDEAN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G81065
Postcode: BN2 6BA
Google Maps title: Woodingdean Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodingdean+Medical+Centre/@50.8357778,-0.0807126,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48758618371f1b45:0xe9baa00938d54a00!8m2!3d50.8357744!4d-0.0781323!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ptw__15_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81065-woodingdean-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emma Knight
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Online booking system a joke! Told to book online from 6.30am for urgent appointments,then proceeded to visit the surgery first person in the queue and an empty waiting room !!! did this for 2 days at exactly 6.30am to be told No appointments,so my daughter who has Chronic kidney disease,is currently an inpatient at the hospital because she couldn’t get help from her GP practice

Author: Saffy P
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely love the new booking online system! So easy to use. Lovely receptionists who are very helpful if you are kind and curteous. Dr.Ch is absolutely lovely and helped me so much. Feel lucky to be at this surgery.

Author: Tim Payne
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Welcome to a dystopian future. An Ai receptionist. It has no ability to understand. Almost impossible to contact the surgery.

Author: Ohsee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lots of people blame waiting times and lack of access to the centre when it’s just a widespread issue of having an ageing population. It’s frustrating nonetheless but I can only say with certainty, from my point of view, that my family and I have had nothing but fantastic service from reception, to nursing staff and the doctors. I’ve called up first thing and been seen to every time. The doctors are really approachable and understanding. The nurses are amazing wt children’s jabs etc. Very glad I go here and credit where credit is due.

Author: John Crossley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Fundamentally the new system just isn't working..all I want is to see is a doctor.make and appointment and go along and get advice and treatment.now I have to fill in a form online which goes on and on and on and I'm then told they will call me in the next 48 hrs so I'm now under house arrest.unfortunatelu there seems to be an ever increasing element of a lack of empathy and sympathy and no sort of any as regards solution to patients problems.i have more tablets than Microsoft to take and all I want is to review these as I think some are reacting against each other causing me dizziness..please go back to the old way as this new system is already causing people to just give up

Author: Guy King
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to the team for the fast reply to my enquires using the website today. Thank you for all the support you have provided over the years.

Author: Chris Rae-Gammon
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't like the first come first serve. Think it's awful they're not open on bank holidays And they have a lack of understanding

Author: Lou Bloop
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
First problem, waited 30 minutes for my doctor to call me out (no problem I understand there’s a wait time) asked the receptionist if it will be much longer as I needed to get to work (I had also left it plenty of time so even if they were late by say 45- an hour I would be fine) She proceeds to rudely tell me to just sit down. 10 minutes later a doctor came out, I asked to change my contraception (he ordered me the same one which the pharmacist kindly changed for me) Got a problem on my breast checked out, he then proceeded to say “let’s face it your a bit chubby aren’t you” mind you, if he had actually weighed me he would know I’ve lost over 10 kilos and have a healthy body. No rolls thanks. Now I don’t come back. Every single time I go, I get spoken to rudely . I’m a 21 year old girl who was raised with respect and manners as I have so many people working in the NHS and work with customer service myself. Getting verbally abused everyday myself I am used to but I don’t wake up and take it out on people who are just asking for help. This wouldn’t be tolerated at my work. I go else where.

Author: Sharon Haines
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Twice I've called in to try and get an appointment to see a Dr with no luck despite an empty waiting room. Today I attended the station walk in centre after another failed attempt, the nurse i saw asked what practice I was registered with told her and she said all day she's been treating patients from our surgery.

Author: alice maher
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Am very impressed and grateful to the Doctor at this practice, I felt genuinely listen to and that real care was taken. All over very pleased albeit getting an appointment can prove difficult.
