Practice: MANOR PARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G81049
Postcode: BN26 5DJ
Google Maps title: Vita Healthcare - Manor Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Vita+Healthcare+-+Manor+Park+Medical+Centre/@50.8190928,0.2399053,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df71b909e3bce3:0x2450b29fea00e1ff!8m2!3d50.8190894!4d0.2424856!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tftqcm2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81049-manor-park-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Neil Brooks
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Incredibly disappointing service overall, which is a shame because most of the staff, I say most because there are a couple who are generally uninterested, one of whom is also horribly dismissive and rude, the rest are genuinely good, friendly, helpful, and attentive, and they’re the only reason this is not a one star review. The recent changes by VHC have made things far worse for lots of patients, for example, now you’re told to go online, fill out a form, then wait two days, or more in some cases, for a response which is outrageous really, you dont even get a confirmation to your phone or email in many cases to confirm your request has been sent. Calling isn’t much better even when you’re first in the queue, it can take 10–15 minutes to get through sometimes, and you rarely reach anyone who can actually address your concerns, they can only make notes on the system and sometimes those staff taking the calls are quite indifferent, which is not only very frustrating but actually quite disgraceful. I was advised to call 111 or go to A&E if I felt that my issues were serious, which is actually no help to me at all, I have already spoken to a nurse who was super and she gave me some guidance on managing my condition, and she then said, you got it, 'I advise you speak with your GP and explain your circumstances and see if they can provide further help and possibly any referrals'. I also have no idea who my GP is now, it has changed 2-3 times in the last 18 months, not usually an issue, until you have to fill out a form and they want your GPs name. The whole system feels broken and makes it rather frustrating for many folks and many folks feel neglected by this practice, I have now been waiting almost two weeks to actually speak with someone about my current issues, and yes I did fill out their crappy Triage form, and yes I did speak with someone via 111, the only people who have let me down thus far is my GPs surgery. I know for a fact that a lot of people simply give up trying when attempting to get anything from this place.

Author: Courtney Alexander
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never known such a bad doctors surgery! Had bloods done, they don't look at blood results properly to see the difference in previous results. Just say "normal no action" even thou results suggest medication is not at right dose. Having symptoms which medication should stop them yet still nothing is done about it ! Call them up the doctor has put it down as a routine check! Get told 2-6 week wait for an appointment even phone call appointment! Told them I will just double my medication myself and get told ok sorry but they can't do anything ! They Called back and said I have a phone call appointment the next day (me thinking it was a doctor ) nope a clinical nurse who i had to repeat everything i wrote in the triage form for her to say she cannot help me and told me I need to speak to a doctor! 🤦🏻‍♀️ and to call up on Monday morning for an appointment even after me explaining the wait for one! Absolute waste of time! Called up to have to fill out yet ANOTHER triage form and told I will get a phone call from someone to tell Me when a doctor is going to call me , 4 days later (today) I get a txt saying no one will be calling Me and there isn't a waitlist so I should call at the end of next week when the appointments go live again ! Absolutely pointless! Meanwhile my medication still isn't on the right dose for my condition! And this has been 2 weeks since my blood test, Don't know what kind of surgery there trying to run here but there bloody incompetent!

Author: Hayley Petch
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My stepmum has been a patient at this practice to which she has recently been diagnosed with lung cancer after previously having breast cancer , this practice ignored the signs for 2 years and said she need talking therapy , this practice ignored all the signs , were rude doctors and reception staff and don’t seem to read letter and implement requests of scans test etc ! Completely disgusted on this surgery and will be going forward with reporting negligence

Author: raymondingram1
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Earlier this year I received a cat bite, and the ambulance men gave me a course of anti-biotics. and a warning that if red spread up my arm go to A&E. 4 days later it did and I spent 3 days in the Conquest with sepsis. Unfortunately silly me has been bitten by the same cat again even though I avoid it like the plague. I telephoned today simple to ask for a course of the same anti-biotic that I was sent home with from the conquest Hospital earlier this year. The young receptionist said they could not help and go to A&E where I would get a tetanus boost and any other treatment. I already have had several courses of tetanus boosts over the past few years , and cannot for the life of me see what else Eastbourne General Hospital could do for me that my surgery cannot. I don't want to have to sit in A&E for possibly 6 or more hours at my age. I feel very sad and let down by the simple fact that I could not be given a course of ant-biotics by the surgery. 1

Author: Diana PETT
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Over the last 3 years they HAVE been good. Since using Vita, however, there is now a 2 day turnaround for appointments. If you phone, they send you to the website. I have an appointment now for the 23rd of December, for a condition THEY asked me to see them with, immediately, if it did not improve. I have now had this condition for 5 weeks, it will be 7 weeks by the time I am seen, and of course no action will be possible due to everything being closed over xmas. Seriously concerned over the lack of professionalism

Author: K P
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good experience with staff and receptionists.

Author: Ian H
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have to say that I have heard and seen the reviews from people not being happy with this surgery. My experience has always been so, so different. I have been lucky in that my contact with doctors surgeries has been virtually non-existent in my earlier life, the last couple of years has caught up with me though. Using this surgery has been a pleasure since using it, the receptionists are always helpful. Never had an incidence of rudeness, I know they’re busy when trying to make an appointment, so do expect them to try to get things done as quickly as possible, but any time I’m just after information and phoning outside of their busy time, they have always been polite, helpful and professional. I have recommended people to them and I’m sure they will experience the same. If my experience changes, I will come back to amend this.

Author: Marie H-Hollands
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well! I work for the NHS and as a professional trying to get an appointment for a patient in the Community, it fell on deaf ears to one particular Receptionist. HOWEVER. As a new patient with them now, as I have recently moved I can not fault them, from 2 lovely funny (haha) Receptionists to Verity with her Jack Duckworth glasses, Dawn the lovely approachable practice Manager and the straight talking ( I love that) phenomenally informative Diabetic nurse Kim, I literally can not fault them, I'll be back with a review once I see a GP to update 😀 Ps Said Ms Duckworth now has new glasses, and wonderful she looks too! Thank you Manor Park. Marie HH

Author: Brian Sutcliffe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling surgery. So unhelpful and their processes are not fit for purpose. My 84 year old father was as recently discharged from Milton Grange. Unbeknown to us someone had changed his pharmacy to the care home’s local Kamsons so when he called them for repeat prescriptions they were not sent to his local pharmacy. A call to the surgery should have been straightforward in getting the prescription resent to the local pharmacy, but no. We have to chase the pharmacy to redirect the prescription. The Gp would have been well aware my father was home when the prescription was ordered. Clearly this wasn’t picked up. In addition he needed some other medication but he has to submit this to the surgery in writing. He has Parkinson’s so is housebound and not computer literate so it’s impossible to get something to the GP in writing. Sadly I do not live locally so I can’t assist. So what is he supposed to do?

Author: Sophie Owen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Really unhappy with being with this surgery. Any communication I’ve had with the receptionists has always been very blunt, they speak over you whilst talking and are very condescending. I have visited multiple times for different appointments, having told them I have lived in the area for a year and a half, yet my prescriptions always get sent to the pharmacy at my old address. Yet despite repeating myself each and every time, this still happens! The receptionist I spoke to this morning was so rude and unhappy. Even though I voiced my concern over the phone, there was not a care in the world. It’s a shame I don’t manage to qualify to register to a new practise under my postcode, otherwise I would!
