Practice: COLLINGTON SURGERY
Canonical code: G81077
Postcode: TN39 3LR
Google Maps title: Collington Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 59
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Collington+Surgery/@50.8401875,0.4602705,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df0e01443f94df:0x91c9ca1000512703!8m2!3d50.8401841!4d0.4628508!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgfcn2h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81077-collington-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Becky
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Yet again another and now on my 3rd surgery which basically dont really have the time of day for people. One could be dying before they get a appointment. Replied to a message a week ago with regards to a appointment and still not heard back. This online service is the worse service ever. Will it last? Would much rather talk to someone human.

Author: Susannah Appleyard
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just had excellent treatment and visit to Collington Surgery. I filled out the new online Vita form and was sceptical as this said I would get a reply in 5 days. I rang to find out if I could be speak to someone today as symptoms worse with likely ear infection and cough and throat infection that may need antibiotics. Whilst on hold the surgery rang me to offer appointment this morning. I was seen promptly by Paul. A paramedic nurse practitioner. Very friendly and sympathetic. He listened to my concerns and checked my ears and chest and throat and said antibiotics required which he would get GP to send direct to pharmacy this afternoon. Couldn't fault this. Thank you.

Author: Maria Smith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Would give it less if I could. My mum is in a care home and dispite requesting, via the new system, a GP consult they have bypassed me completely. They have requested an inappropriate referral and asked the care home to send a the request when they barely know my mother. As her of kin and LPA this is shocking. I have tried to talk to a manager and no one is contacting me. I only found out about the referral as I manage my mum's nhs account.

Author: Michael Michael
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give no stars then I would. Collington Surgery is an absolute disgrace. My elderly mother recently had to have an ambulance attend after she had breathing difficulties. They advised she contact her GP for some more prednisolone, due to her COPD and having recently had influenza, as they couldn’t prescribe it and the only option through them was to take mum to A&E and risk her picking up another serious infection. This was sensible advice, but it didn’t end well because of Collington Surgery. I called Collington Surgery over and over and over again yet every time I got through they just cut the call and said try later. The next day mum was much worse so I called again and again and again and every time I got through they cut the calls the same as the day before and said try later. They just kept cutting me off - I couldn’t speak to anyone. Due to the dereliction of duty by Collington Surgery mum ended up needing a 999 emergency ambulance out and my mum was admitted to hospital. On one occasion previously when they actually did answer the phone and my mum was called back by a doctor in BIRMINGHAM! On another occasion at Collington Surgery my mother was ill and I did manage to get her a face to face appointment with a GP - or so I thought - what she got was fobbed off by seeing a paramedic practitioner. He was very pleasant and said she needed blood tests and he would arrange it… My mother got home and he sent her a text message saying he was sorry but he wasn’t authorised to arrange the tests. So he clearly didn’t know what he was doing and was unaware of the protocols and procedures. The whole thing was a waste of time. Totally unprofessional. So why has Collington Surgery declined so much when it used to be good? Well that is because it is no longer owned and run by the GP’s, it is now privatised - a business owned and run by a large corporation called Vita Healthcare PLC…. Collington Surgery is owned by Vita Healthcare, a public limited corporation whose raison d’etre is profit. It is no longer owned or run by the doctors themselves. People are customers at Collington Surgery not patients. It’s all about profit. It is part of the insidious incremental privatisation of our beloved health service. The fact is that large corporations care about one thing - profit - it’s all about the return to the shareholders - it’s business. Vita Healthcare is closing the Sea Road Surgery at a time when we have lots of new houses being built and demand for GP services is at an all time high… This surgery is one of the oldest in Bexhill. The final insult was discovering that Collington Surgery are ending telephone bookings and in person bookings for all appointments and that from the 2nd of February it’s all going online. This discriminates against vulnerable and elderly people who do not have internet access or cannot operate computers and smart phones. Remember people you don’t have to stand for this from Vita Healthcare - vote with your feet and sign up with a different GP practice run and owned by the GPs. It is very easy - go to your new practice and they give you a short form to fill in, take your passport or driving licence or any form of photo ID and a bill with your name and address and that’s it - they will move you across and all your records go with you. It’s very easy. Vote with your feet! My mother is now registered at a GP practice owned and run by the GP’s like Collington was prior to Vita Healthcare… The difference is like night and day. I am absolutely furious with the way Collington deserted my mother when she needed them. So much so that I have written to my MP and will be making a formal complaint to NHS England.

Author: SHEILA LYNCH
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited on phone for 1 and half hours to be told there are no more appointments and to ring again tomorrow at 8.30??!! Why don't you just buy that message on the answerphone?

Author: Reviewer Honest
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I can’t get an appointment or even speak to anyone. Since Vita took over it is impossible to access health care. I am concerned that there will be deaths as a result of the restricted service.

Author: Paul O'Donoghue
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am deeply concerned by my experience attempting to obtain support for my mother after she contacted me in a distressed state, stating she was unable to speak to anyone and questioning “why bother.” When I contacted the surgery on her behalf, I encountered the same lack of access and resistance repeatedly highlighted in numerous one-star reviews. This is the worst experience I have ever had with a GP surgery. Having reviewed the most recent Care Quality Commission report, which confirms that the surgery requires improvement, it is clear that these issues are longstanding. There appears to be a significant lack of empathy, meaningful support, or willingness to assist patients, with systems seemingly designed to block rather than help. Ultimately, I was forced to contact NHS 111 due to the absence of support from the surgery. The lack of care and accountability displayed today was both evident and unacceptable. I am extremely disappointed by the overall standard of service and believe this surgery requires urgent re-inspection.

Author: dennis gower
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
dennis gower2 reviews3 months ago

Author: Paul Shepherd
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shockingly bad surgery. My asthma medications have all been stopped without even telling me, now I need a repeat they have been cancelled! Tried the online consultation over the weekend and got a reply just to tell me that my meds have been stopped. Useless. Tried phoning surgery on the monday and got through to a message telling me to hang up.

Author: Trevor “Master2012” Steuart
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have never in my life seen such a circus when trying to get an appointment before 10am in the morning. Would not recommend this Surgery to anybody I know as I called today to get antibiotics due to an infection as I am at risk of Sepsis and was told "We are fully booked". The Receptionist was very rude and did not even want to hear what the issue was and instantly told me how they can't help (10am in the morning). If you want a Surgery they care for their patients then keep looking as this is not it.
