Practice: SEDLESCOMBE HOUSE
Canonical code: G81096
Postcode: TN38 0TA
Google Maps title: Sedlescombe House
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 31
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sedlescombe+House/@50.8673071,0.5524748,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df1a9fc7e25a4d:0xea14ef9e821f7db8!8m2!3d50.8673037!4d0.5550551!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1trvkqd3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81096-sedlescombe-house.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gemma Nice
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have received excellent care for my little boy over the last few weeks as he has been poorly since starting nursery. Myself and my husband's experience of the surgery has also been very positive. I cannot thank all the staff enough for their kindness and care.

Author: Andie Lines
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I missed an appointment and have been removed from their list. I suffer with my mental health and totally forgot about the appointment. It's taken me ages to feel well and now this! So no more doctor therefore a lack of meds so suicidal thoughts returning, brilliant. Shame on you Sedlescombe House. Like others I would have given zero stars.

Author: May Jones
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dumped off the surgery list today after 30 odd years, sent an email attachment that wouldn't open to tell me the reason was I moved closer to the catchment area. Bearing in mind I have been out of the catchment area since 1996 (still living in Hastings and multiple moves). Quite liked this Dr not that I have seen her for several years and a couple of the longstanding receptionists are nice however the one I spoke to today was the rudest person ever, probably the one I complained about a couple of years ago and likely who decided I was being deregistered, no leeway whatsoever, just kept telling me to go on a NHS website to register elsewhere which I can easily do thankfully. Feel sorry for patients that are unable to use tech, makes you wonder how they deal with vulnerable patients and how many of them manage to get past the rude receptionists.

Author: marlinda mcconnell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Would just like to give a big thank you to all the people at the surgery. Went above to make sure Jack had his flu vaccine.

Author: Danny
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Lewis This dr should have been struck off a long time ago, she won’t see you when there’s an emergency and prescribed’s the wrong medication which nearly killed me. I have instructed my lawyer for a medical negligence claim.

Author: Sarah Louise
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Utterly appalling service that puts cost-cutting before patient care! This GP surgery has become a disgrace to the NHS and a source of constant frustration and disappointment for families like mine. Time and time again, patients, including children, are fobbed off and redirected to pharmacists, regardless of the nature of the issue. I’ve had to rely on a pharmacist for help more times than I can count, not because it was appropriate, but because the GP refused to engage. This is not the NHS my mother or grandmother relied on and not the one I expect my daughter to grow up with. Watching its rapid decline in recent years has not been subtle. We are witnessing a slow dismantling of a public service that once represented the very best of British values. Something must change. I pay for prescriptions for myself and my eldest son, but a young child should be receiving care, not being brushed aside because the surgery is trying to make ends meet under government pressure. It’s clear that patient care no longer comes first here. Budget cuts seem to have taken priority over even the most basic medical duty, to examine and treat a sick child. The NHS is in decline, and surgeries like this one are accelerating that decline by refusing to stand up for the people they are meant to serve. I will be raising this with my MP. Enough is enough.

Author: giana skinner
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I am finding it impossible to get an appointment to see a GP since the surgery started a triage system.. I have to tell the receptionist all my symptoms first (where is the privacy in this system?), who then relays this to the gp's, who then triage it. Then instead of getting an appointment, or even getting to speak to a gp, I get a phone call saying there's nothing they can do, bearing in mind my symptoms, and I should go to A&E at the Conquest and get a scan!!! Plus I just felt as if I were being dismissed as fast as possible and made to feel a nuisance.

Author: Karina Burt
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid this surgery I was left with serious high blood pressure and no diabetes medication by dr Lewis I ended up going to A&E several times as I was so ill she refused to take me off a medication I was allergic to and refused to prescribe the medication I was prescribed by the medical team at A&E she wouldn’t even talk to me after I disagreed with her . I am now at another surgery that put me straight on the right medication .

Author: Aysen Ulucan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery. You'd have the same outcome, treatment wise, if you asked Google/AI for advice. Try to avoid.

Author: Louise Howard
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Putting it bluntly, Dr Lewis is a danger to anyone that wants to advocate for themself. She is unprofessional in every sense, from her aggressive behaviour and language, her judgemental views, to her inflated ego of being the only GP on site. This is a GP that has no time for the mere mention of stress or mental health and prides herself as "treating everyone the same" when common sense dictates that each condition requires a different approach. The practice manager is wildly out of her depth from her lack of grammar in her communication, to believing that her NHS email is her personal email, and not following through with complaints by changing the narrative to suit the surgery by gaslighting patients in to Dr Lewis' behaviour being the patients fault. Do not put your child or a vulnerable person in the care of these people.
