Practice: OLD SCHOOL SURGERY
Canonical code: G81099
Postcode: BN25 1HH
Google Maps title: Vita Healthcare - Old School Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 69
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Vita+Healthcare+-+Old+School+Surgery/@50.7721111,0.0981469,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df7bfa92bc7a4f:0xbf7e6da6f823993f!8m2!3d50.7721077!4d0.1007272!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tl1h53n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81099-old-school-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nikki Mockford
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been failed by this surgery now for over 6 months. Ive now.a health condition and every time I need support I just get told theyve seem me for this once and tell me to go to a&e. It is now well known in the community the lack of care here as everytime i have had to see someone for support outside of the surgery they are never shocked by my treatment. I have asked to speak to the practise manager and have had no contact!! Awful!

Author: Kate 21
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have left four different messages for the Practice Manager to call me to respond to a few complaints (one is a serious admin. error) and have not had the courtesy of any response whatsoever. What do you do when the person who is supposed to respond to patients' complaints ignores requests for a response? The doctors and nurses are lovely IF you can ever get to see anyone. However - the administration and appointment side is dreadful. What a relief to read the previous post - I felt like it was just me!

Author: Gary Davies
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
For the second time I feel the surgery showed my hearing disability no empathy whatsoever ! The first time they phoned me even though it said on my form NO PHONE CALLS. I withdrew my phone number . Today was even worse. They have no visual screen for when your appointment is ready. No problem but the Nurse as to come out where I can see her surely ! She didn't When I got into the room she said something I didn't hear and I asked her to repeat . She rolled her eyes and in a firm voice asked if I was there for an injection. I told her there was no way she was going to inject me and also told her that her manners was awful . I decided to make a complaint but there were no rooms available apparently ! The railway says trees in the track kind of thing. I await email correspondence . SHOCKING treatment In September i asked for an appointment with my Doctor and 2as given one 10 ten weeks later. I just ignored it showing them the respect they showed me. However my condition worsened. I am now urinating up to 8 times during the night. I eventually got an appointment and had to give a blood sample. I was informed i had diabettesvia email ! When i turned up for my 3.40 appointment i was stunned when the checking in machine told me there would be a 47 delay. I went for a walk for twenty minutes came back and sat in the waiting room. Im deaf of course and lip read. The staff just open their doors and seem to shout out a name. I had to check with them it wasnt my name. Their attitude was dismissive. Why cant they walk to the waiting room ? At 4.35 another patient was called to see the Doctor and i gave in. I cancelled my appointment, made another one and left. Totally deflated.

Author: daisy jenner x
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is terrible. I have been a patient for MY ENTIRE LIFE at this gp practice and the last two times within a year that I have phoned for an appointment the first time they told me we will get back to you in two weeks my problem was tonsillitis which would have probably gone by then so seems to me they’re avoiding treating people. A few days ago I called to make an appointment and the receptionist on the phone said that you can’t make appointments directly anymore and you have to do an online triage and wait for them to get back to you. It’s been 3 days and nothing. I will be reporting this practise to CQC and having them undertake an inspection within this surgery as to me (a nurse) something seems off. Pls avoid old school surgery at all costs you will have died from your problem before you get an appointment here.

Author: Ciara Furze
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was very disappointment to find that I couldn’t book an appointment in the surgery in-person. The receptionist (who picks up the phone), told me to ring the number in front of him. I felt like laughing because of how bizarre a request it was. ETA: 2 years later and they are still just as rude and unhelpful. If you can go to a different practice - do!

Author: Janis Trehearn
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The Seaford Old School Surgery had been so bad for so long now, but it has honestly nose-dived since Vita Healthcare took over. I cannot say it is the Nurses and GPs that are the problem, no I can get to see a nurse when needed but now, to see a GP, is impossible, it is like pulling teeth getting an appointment for a Seaford/East Sussex NHS seems to going down the pan rapidly. Can someone tell me why Kent seems to be able to provide a wonderful NHS service, while, we in the other hand - well , I can’t say anymore.

Author: Andy York
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Not had to call on the surgery too many times but when I have, the care and attention received has been excellent.

Author: Diana Barton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery it’s awful. My experiences have been incompetence by management follow up calls don’t happen. Diabetic reviews not followed up.

Author: Lusharnna
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Currently sat in the doctor surgery at Seaford as I am writing this only for the gp dr Nichols to turn up late while I’m in the waiting room , with another patient before me to be seen , absolutely poor service, have to wait weeks if not months for an appointment to be sat waiting even longer when you get an appointment

Author: Michelle O'Mara-Thompson
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
*second update: now you can't even make an appointment, over the phone. If this doctors surgery is struggling so much why take on any new patients? I'm having to request a medication review which hasn't been done for over 3 years, update, 10/9/24 whoever is working reception today needs a lesson in customer service, couldn’t get a word in edgewise as she kept talking over me and had a attitude! I see reviews for the practise are going down hill fast. Although all the staff are very pleasant and hardworking trying to get an appointment to see my GP has been near impossible, once you get to speak to a receptionist to make the appointment not only was I made to feel like I was a nuisance or making things up but the Earliest appointment i could make was 3 weeks away. Very disheartening, I recommend you find an alternative Doctors practice.
