Practice: THE AVENUE SURGERY
Canonical code: G81075
Postcode: BN2 4GF
Google Maps title: The Avenue Surgery
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 69
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Avenue+Surgery/@50.8455327,-0.116514,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487585f55802c1b9:0x2a82fdcf8c02e041!8m2!3d50.8455293!4d-0.1139337!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11f03p9k63?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81075-the-avenue-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emmy Locorriere
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting service. Was on hold for over an hour to be told no appointments, pre-bookable appointments not till April but can not access books to book one yet. Also advised multiple times to seek a dentist appointment (the call was for not being able to consume any food for 8 days and needed advice on how to introduce foods again). Receptionist rude and completely incapable of listening to the reason for the call and kept signposting us to inappropriate services.

Author: DanDan Blackchilli
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Refused an appointment after being assaulted and told I had to follow an online triage system - duly followed the procedure to be told that Dr Rafferty can only see me in 3.5 weeks. Queried this with the practice manager - an extremely rude, unprofessional and patronising woman - who basically told me to do one. Registered with a new practice the same day. Oh and I’m a new patient btw

Author: Debbie Pickford
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nearly fell off my chair when the phone was answered after 1 ring (i had put the phone down expecting to be on hold). The shock continued when they said they had an appointment for me. I saw Dr Rafferty (for the first time) and had a great experience. He was very thorough, very considerate and showed genuine care. Really appreciated the first class service today. Thankyou.

Author: Peter Boffey
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Incompetent useless people since dr hakin left this place is embarrassing

Author: Robin Toms-smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was told 30 people in que when i was pos1 after 30 min hold

Author: Anamul Choudhury
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Anamul Choudhury4 reviews4 months ago

Author: Khush Khan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the most rubbish surgery in the whole country, it’s more than a week that I am trying to book an appointment but couldn’t. When you call in the morning, you have to wait for one hour and when your position is number one then it disconnects automatically. When you go by person you can’t get an appointment. Its a shame

Author: James Vaughan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Called in the morning (08:30) and secured an appointment same day. My appointment was on time and the GP (Dr Leckenby) was professional and helpful. I also found the receptionist to be helpful, offering advice beyond the required minimum. Felt the need to give a positive review, given the high amount of negative responses.

Author: sophie anne
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
SO AWFUL. DO NOT GO HERE. I went to this GP surgery with a rash, and they were insistent it was ringworm. I was put through months of pills and creams that did absolutely nothing. I repeatedly said I didn’t think it was ringworm, but they didn’t take me seriously and kept persisting with the medication. After nearly five months of this cycle, they finally told me to come in for a skin scrape. Which should have been the first thing they did. I was shocked when they handed me a bit of cardboard paper, sent me to the bathroom, and told me to scrape my own skin off with my fingernail. I came home in pain and my skin was red and irritated from being advised to scratch it off. When I later called to say how disappointed I was, they had a nurse ring me who actually told me I should have taken the peace of paper home and scraped my skin with a “blunt knife”. Completely unprofessional and unsafe. I eventually went private and was given a proper diagnosis (which wasn’t ringworm) and effective treatment – I was cured in less than a week. This practice wasted months of my life, caused stress, and failed to provide even basic duty of care. I would strongly advise avoiding this GP surgery if you want to be listened to and treated properly.

Author: andrea foster
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Keep changing on how medication is issued.now have to go to surgery and ask if I can have blue in haler as they don't,t put it on repeat any more.Foal post moves again
