Practice: VICTORIA MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G81032
Postcode: BN20 8NH
Google Maps title: Victoria Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 467
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Victoria+Medical+Centre/@50.7775299,0.2528475,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df7146a73aaaab:0x4a58b5f057ede342!8m2!3d50.7775265!4d0.2554278!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11mbr0w_5t?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81032-victoria-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Wu (Rabbit)
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
The front desk staff are all incompetent—it's just a simple application for an online service, yet even after going there in person twice, it still couldn’t be completed.

Author: Michelle Hone
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Unfortunately, it is still very difficult to get an appointment to see a GP by calling the number at 8am. It seems that the best thing to do is go down and join a queue outside VMC at 7.30am. Of course, many are not well enough to do this and when they fail to get an appointment by phone, will be referred to the website to complete an online/phone appointment form instead. This is only suitable for those who have no job to go to, a laptop/smart phone and are computer literate. Now I am retired, I find standing in the queue at 7.30 am most effective, but none of the above worked when I started work at 8am for most of my career.

Author: Reginald Russell
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Reginald Russell2 reviewsEdited a month ago

Author: Ileana Barbut
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Ileana Barbuta month ago

Author: Clarissa Cheung
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service, mother was diagnosed with cancer and the GP didn't follow up till 6 months after her chemo treatment, afterwards no following up since and denied a repeat prescription of a medicine that is required with my mother's ongoing treatment

Author: Winifred
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
IMPORTANT: If you are neurodivergent/disabled or have chronic illness, DO NOT book an appointment with Dr Rajput! I had an appointment with him recently and it was the most distressing experience I've ever had in a medical setting. From the outset of the consultation, I found Dr Rajput to be dismissive, continuously rude, and lacking in bedside manner, which immediately made both myself and my mother (who attended for support due to my autism and communication difficulties) feel unwelcome, unsafe and belittled. I had booked this appointment seeking help and guidance regarding my ongoing chronic health conditions. One my main reasons for attending was to check/confirm whether one of my referrals that had been requested by my endocrinologist several weeks prior in a letter had been logged and sent. Despite acknowledging that this was something he was able to check for me, he refused to do so without providing a valid explanation, leaving me confused, unsupported and feeling disregarded. I also wished to briefly discuss some persistent symptoms I'd been experiencing as a result of my chronic illnesses and whether or not there could be any particular blood tests or further investigations into this. I explained the symptoms I have been experiencing and asked if my routine blood tests could be arranged - something I have had many times previously as part of regular monitoring for my chronic illnesses. However, Dr Rajput appeared reluctant to authorise them with no reason given and made me feel as though I was being untruthful or burdensome, which was extremely distressing. I made every effort to explain my medical history so that he understood the importance of ongoing monitoring, yet I was repeatedly dismissed. His attitude throughout was belittling and disrespectful, adding further distress to an already vulnerable situation. The interaction left me so overwhelmed that I began to cry, feeling helpless and unheard. Rather than responding with empathy or understanding, I was told to be quiet and lower my voice, despite speaking calmly and without raised volume. This felt highly inappropriate and unprofessional, especially considering my neurodivergence and visible distress. As a direct result of how I was treated, I experienced an autistic meltdown in the hallway after leaving the consultation room. This was triggered by the emotional overload and lack of support shown during the appointment. Multiple staff members - nurses, doctors and reception staff - witnessed this incident. Eventually, I was assisted into a quiet room by staff (specifically Dr Jones who is an amazing doctor) to help me recover. This was extremely exhausting, humiliating and distressing for both myself and my mother, and it should never have escalated to that point. Since this incident, I have been left with severe anxiety about returning to the surgery building, as the experience was deeply traumatic for me. A place that should feel safe and supportive now feels intimidating and triggering, which is incredibly upsetting - especially considering I rely on your services for ongoing management of my chronic health conditions. This is not the outcome any patient should face after seeking medical care. This experience has caused long-lasting emotional distress and has severely undermined my confidence in seeking medical support. I believe the treatment I received was far below acceptable NHS standards, particularly in regard to patient compassion, communication, and appropriate care for neurodivergent and disabled individuals. I hope this comment is taken into account by anyone who reads it to protect other disabled, neurodivergent and chronically ill patients from receiving similar treatment. Further to this, the VMC have handled the complaint I lodged about this matter very poorly which is incredibly disappointing as their patients should be at the core and heart of their actions. I hope no other patient has to experience what I did. And I strongly advise that no other neurodivergent or disabled person ever have an appointment booked with him.

Author: Simon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I hope the nurse who was really rude to my friend today whilst trying to take her bloods is really pleased with herself for making my friend cry! If you haven’t got the patience for vulnerable people, do everyone a favour and get another job, ideally something that doesn’t rely on compassion. Your behaviour and lack of empathy really does let your colleagues down!

Author: Dominic Schofield
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Chucking it down with rain. Eventually get to VMC a little early only to find out they cancelled my appointment 10 mins before. Utter shower of crap dreadful .

Author: Sidonia stiles
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lack of professional assistance at a desk. Their lack of terminology is undesirable. I made an appointment and because I had a second issue, I was told to come back next week. The second issue was a chest infection that I had at the time!! The doctor said to me that’s a second issue, you have to come back next week knowing fully well I had a chest infection! The medical profession doesn’t care about the average person anymore and clearly peoples health isn’t something they’re interested in. I think money has more interest than human health to most medics today. I no longer trust the system. Seven years training and most of the time they don’t know the answer to anything. This surgery doesn’t even follow up with any of the issues you have gone in for. If you don’t follow up with your own situation you will not hear from them again!

Author: Miguel Figueira
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really disappointed with the service I have received from the surgery today, I requested an appointment to see my Doctor I did not put pressure on dates my only request was to have an appointment in the afternoon the latest possible due to my work commitments. Initially I was informed that the latest I could book was 9 am after asking to speak to the Centre Manager I was then offered an appointment at 2pm of which I said yes I could do that they replied ok will book you in make no mistake 1 1/2 months from today's date, I never thought I had to plan my illness a month and half ahead of an appointment to see a Doctor this is ridiculous to say the least Unbelievable that someone that works hard pays their Taxes (high Taxes) have to endure this treatment, the staff were unhelpful and let me just say at no point did I shout, swear, or was abusive. I begged for an appointment or help facilitating so I could see a Doctor . I was with Green Street Surgery I never had a problem to see a Doctor now you almost tripled the size of the surgery and partnered with a different surgery and I can't even book an appointment unless Im at home sponging of the Government without a job and on benefits so I would have all the time in the world to see a Doctor for no real reason so I can claim more Benefit. It is Shameful.
