Practice: PRESTON PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: G81018
Postcode: BN1 6DP
Google Maps title: Preston Park Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 75
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Preston+Park+Surgery/@50.8378435,-0.1428139,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48758578fee0701b:0x3c903d49e829ceaf!4m8!3m7!1s0x487585827c2e5679:0x4c0d42c9c512f19a!8m2!3d50.8378401!4d-0.1402336!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf811js?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81018-preston-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Yasmin Butcherd
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great doctors surgery! Receptionists are always lovely ans the doctors usually get you in quite quick! Really appriciate all the work the team does!

Author: Viktorija Mutore
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently registered with the practice and had a great first experience. It was very easy to book an appointment, and I was able to see a doctor the same day. The staff were polite, friendly, and knowledgeable, and my health concern was addressed promptly with an appropriate solution and clear next steps.

Author: Alla Nikolskaia
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alla NikolskaiaLocal Guide · 38 reviewsa month ago

Author: Alex Martin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this Surgery for over 20 years and like many, have been frustrated by the difficulties in getting an appointment but to blame this overworked and probably under funded Surgery is ridiculous. I have found every GP to have the same decent, clear and respectful manner and the receptionists are the same. Everyone is doing their best in very difficult and stretched circumstances. I am proud of the dedicated work they do there and have had my life saved by them, more than once. Thankyou Preston Park Surgery. Where would many of us be without you.

Author: anne_is
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
After five years I have recently had another test to see how my previously diagnosed osteoporosis is going. This time I only received a much limited response to my test results and so I need an appointment to discuss this further with the GP, Dr. Greaves who sent me the results letter. However trying to get an appointment to do so was problematic and distressing. The receptionist who rang me back in reponse to my call was dismissive, impatient, bordering on the rude and I felt unkind. She did not get why I would need to see the same doctor despite my trying to explain and I felt dismissed out of hand. No appointment was secured so I will have to try again next week. I do understand that sometimes continuity of doctor is not possible but is it necessary for the booking staff to respond in what I consider a decidedly unfriendly and unhelpful way? I think not. Dr. Greaves has always been very helpful and supportive in the past and I am at a loss to understand why this does not appear to be the norm with all staff members.

Author: Macie MacMahon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Quite quick and efficient! The call back feature they have saves alot of time and have always been able to get an appointment when needed!

Author: Bri C
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have struggled to get through for a same day appointment previously, but, that's standard with all Doctors I've been with. Today I chose the call back option as the queue waiting was massive, but, I secured a same day appointment. The Dr and nurse I met were lovely, the receptionist was friendly and helpful. That's all you can ask for in my opinion!

Author: Mileva Pavlovic
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Asked for a telephone receptionist told to phon111 as they capable of seeing to my needs my legs and feet were swollen and also something for my pain as I'm fed up wit it 🙃 …

Author: Joe Bytheway
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I really think this is a great surgery. Reception are always super helpful, and I can get an emergency appointment if I really need one. The e consult function is also handled superbly by the practice and they sort things out that can be same day or next day. Always had very positive experiences. I’ve seen Georgi the physio twice now and on both occasions has been fantastic and is very personable, such a nice thing to be really heard.

Author: Valeria R
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice for almost seven years now and I feel quite disappointed. Unless I use the eConsult it’s practically impossible to get any support from a GP. If I try to get a phone appointment the minimum wait time is about five weeks. For urgent same day appointments I have to call at 8 am but it’s impossible to get through, in 7 years I’ve never managed to secure one! Even when using the eConsult, the GPs usually just respond electronically, without a quick follow-up call and there’s no way to reply to their messages. This creates unnecessary back and forth (with wrong prescriptions) and feels very impersonal. I haven’t seen or even spoken to a GP in ages everything is done digitally. Even in the past, when I said I wanted to raise a complaint they would just reply digitally again, asking if I was sure I wanted to proceed. This creates yet another round of unnecessary back and forth and puts you off from submitting yet another eConsult just to confirm that, yes, I do want to make a formal complaint. Very disappointed
