Practice: SEAFORD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G81029
Postcode: BN25 1DH
Google Maps title: Seaford Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Seaford+Medical+Practice/@50.772328,0.0971385,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df7bfa110151c7:0xa08dd7c77751a36!8m2!3d50.7723246!4d0.0997188!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vc_pmz4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81029-seaford-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Fern Young
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I cam never get an appointment, it's crazy! I can't even get a medication put on repeat prescription because i can't get an appointment to ask them to do this. I will have to change surgery but I'm worried the other one will be just as bad.

Author: Fizz Wigg
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The practice has improved since the triage system was introduced. However it’s still difficult to get regular medication either they are not logged onto or removed from the NHS app which is frustrating because it means a trip to the surgery to request the medication manually.

Author: Alan Burr
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very helpful staff when was trying get results from tests did all they could for me

Author: J T
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible GP practice. avoid.

Author: Stevie Ferguson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have a swollen, painful knee. On Monday, my husband visited the surgery at 8am to ask for an urgent appointment for me. He was advised my request would be triaged and to expect a call. It is now Wednesday and still no call.

Author: James Greenhalgh
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Me and my partner have recently moved away from Seaford, and one of our biggest worries was having to change doctors because Dr. De Clermont has been so incredible. Before we joined the practice my partner had been going to the doctor for over 10 years with severe pain and was never taken seriously. It was only when we joined this surgery, where Dr. De Clermont took her complaints seriously and listened to her. She knew straight away it was endometriosis. This led to surgery and a prescription that has changed her life, and allowed to her work full time with no problems which she wasnt able to do before. Thank you!

Author: Jordan Gibbs
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called on many occasions for last 2 weeks to get appointment as I have a chest infection and every morning I call get told reached max compacity for appointments ive been trying to get antibiotics for 2 weeks and its just getting worst

Author: Paul Stewart
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
My Daughter has been unable on several occasions to either speak to a doctor or get an appointment. Its only when I complain that things Improve. She is blind with cerebral palsy and relies on staff members to chase the doctors for appointments and medical issues. When on this last occasion the staff member called the practice they were told that the practice was not making any appointments until September even though Emily's issue has been going on for over a month unresolved. Emily was told that she would have to fill in a triage form as her problem has been going on too long and cannot wait. Emily will need a staff member to complete the form for her then return it back to the practice which is delaying treatment. this is an ongoing problem with this practice and very poor practice and patient care. Regards Paul Stewart

Author: Melissa Dance
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We moved from Brighton last year to Seaford and chose this practice. So glad that we did. Everyone is really efficient, patient and lovely, including the Reception Staff, the Nurses and the GPs. Thank you to all the Staff who work here 🤗. …

Author: Christopher Payne
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always impressed with this practice, my wife used to go to a doctor's in Lewes but changed to here when moving to seaford as I let her know it's really good I have always been impressed with the quick treatment and referrals and when I call up I can always get an appointment for the near future They are always friendly and I have found that everyone who works there is really helpful. A couple of examples have been where I was struggling to pick up a prescription and they helped to give advice and when I needed a travel vaccine at short notice they were able to fit me in
