Practice: MONTPELIER SURGERY
Canonical code: G81044
Postcode: BN1 3FS
Google Maps title: The Montpelier Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Montpelier+Surgery/@50.8270401,-0.152019,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4875856d7945e64f:0x88ab4626329ec748!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875856d7c2b7a09:0xb29000c3250ac7fe!8m2!3d50.8270367!4d-0.1494387!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vfn63jp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81044-montpelier-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Louise Hullah
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is the best gp surgery I’ve ever been to, can always get an on the day appointment and they’ve been so good to me over the years with my health conditions. I’ve had many appointments with dr Findlay, dr Lewis and dr gayton and they’re all such lovely, caring people. There are unfortunately some bad reviews of this gp but if you want to feel truly heard at every appointment, use this gp! Safe space guaranteed.

Author: c helps
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr Findlay and she was both professional and caring.

Author: Laura Wyglendacz
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have left this GP practice because of their inability to address my request for reasonable adjustments in a timely and professional manner. Receptionists and practice manager seemed to find it very difficult to communicate with each other and with me about my straightforward request for a conversation, which I had to make 4 times in the space of 8 weeks. By the time I finally received a voicemail from the manager, I had lost faith in their ability to handle basic tasks (it is a legal requirement to respond to requests for reasonable adjustments per Equality Act 2010) like this so have gone elsewhere. The nurses were great. Aimee was so good when I had a cervical smear a couple of months postpartum and with a history of pain. Some of the doctors were good, but others created a stressful and rushed environment during appointments, and I was always having to ask them to slow down and not interrupt me. Dr Catriona was always kind and patient whilst being straightforward and honest, thank you. I hope I can find a better run surgery elsewhere, which has a competent and modern approach to running a service and provides access to healthcare in an environment suited to my disabilities that I am entitled to. My request (if I had been able to make it) was simply to have the very bright artificial lighting turned down or off during consultations, and for Doctors to be made aware to slow down, let me structure the appointment the way it made sense to me, and not interrupt so I had time to listen, process and respond to questions and suggestions during appointments. I left more than one appointment without my issue being resolved because I was so overwhelmed, rushed, upset and frustrated and it caused distress over days on several occasions.

Author: Jules Toogood
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Completely ignored emergency prescription for my father, despite telling them it was emergency medication and needed immediately. THIS CONTRIBUTES DIRECTLY TO SUICIDE— SHAME ON YOU. Ignoring people in a mental health crisis is disgusting.

Author: Archie C
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was not expecting anything fancy, however, I have received very unprofessional conduct from the majority of receptionists and also senior doctors that was not acceptable. I have wasted a lot of time and have become distressed due to the surgery's inability to be organised.

Author: Kevin Byrne
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really don’t understand the negative reviews, this is the best NHS surgery I have ever been to, if you want a glass atrium with a fountain and a barista made cappuccino best go private

Author: Marcus Lee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
As a warning to others: this practice is extremely chaotic and poorly managed - incompetence at its finest. I have never felt the need to leave a GP before, but the poor service and complete lack of professionalism from the majority of staff made it unavoidable. It’s such a shame, and I’m genuinely taken aback by the experience. To make matters worse, my personal data was seriously mishandled, with multiple breaches of GDPR regulations and little regard for accountability. The reception staff hold a rigid and dogmatic attitude, which only adds to the frustration. I’m truly shocked. I wish I had moved to another practice much sooner. You have been warned.

Author: L H
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
L H2 reviews5 months ago

Author: Shiwa Akbari
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shiwa Akbari4 reviews7 months ago

Author: Greg McTaggart
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Pathetic service. Audiologist asked GP to write prescription for ear infection. Still waiting. Why can't a trained specialist write a prescription in their own area of expertise
