Practice: SAXONBURY HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: G81055
Postcode: TN6 1DL
Google Maps title: Saxonbury House Medical Group
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Saxonbury+House+Medical+Group/@51.0562829,0.1591009,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df5cde02b1dd05:0xf0de216263839096!8m2!3d51.0562796!4d0.1616812!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfz9gns?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81055-saxonbury-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: HJ
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been unable to get an appointment for over a week. I’ve consistently logged on at 7am, despite needing to make breakfast and get my son ready for school, only to find it already fully booked. On the occasions I do get through, the e-consult form often doesn’t relate to my concerns and ends up blocking me from proceeding. The reception team haven’t been helpful, and overall this doesn’t feel like a system that genuinely supports or helps people access care.

Author: Renato Vila
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Really terrible place, staff are rude, unable to see my GP with all the changes again. Before we had to call at silly clock in the morning, now we need to fill forms at silly clock in the morning and I feel for elderly/vulnerable people that are probably unable to do all this. NHS/GP’s are not anymore about help and support or continuous care, but rudness and unhelpfuless. I am angry that we keep paying for a service that it is unfit to serve its communities. I hope we were able to stop paying NI and spending money for a system that it’s failing its patients.

Author: Neil-Henry Bonnet
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Joke, can't get an appointment even online at 7:15 in the morning

Author: ethan davis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently became a patient at Saxonbury house (November 2025) & the treatment I've received has been excellent I had a health concern & an appointment was made extremely quickly and a referral made to ent I transferred from another crowborough surgery and my medication hadn't been transferred to Saxonbury I spoke to Saxonbury and within an hour it had been sorted I definitely made the right decision to transfer to Saxonbury Many thanks Ethan Davis

Author: M P
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This used to be a great surgery and I usually had satisfactory service. You could call them and book appointments with relative ease. Now it’s almost impossible to be seen. The ridiculous e-consult system is woeful, deeply frustrating and not fit for purpose. The surgery itself now feels unwelcoming and the front desk staff seem uninterested in proper customer service. Why be in a customer facing job if you don’t like it!?! Whether this is a wider reflection of the NHS overall or whether it’s simply lack of ambition from this surgery (or perhaps a bit of both), I don’t know but it seems like a steady decline. At what point do things improve? Or do they still continue to fall apart?

Author: John Burke
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unable to access the surgery via new e consult 30 mins after system opens no new requests accepted. Its hopeless Only differemce to phone system is you have to awake an hour earlier

Author: Nina A
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I used the services at Saxonbury and though I didn't need anything serious, they were friendly, serviced me fast (mostly within the same day) and in a professional caring manner. Thank you!

Author: Rachel Jane
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful e consult system. Surgery empty when I went in.

Author: Sue Willington
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Like many I joined this medical practice recently. They use the e-consult software system to request an appointment which is used as a triage system for this extremely busy practice. During my limited time with Saxonbury this is the only area of concern I have encountered and, as they have only recently transferred to the system back in March’25, I am sure the hard working practice manager will be working on improving the process(the reason for giving 4 rather than 5 stars). Once through that first process I have found the Centre itself to be extremely clean and well organised. The staff are some of the best I have ever come across in the NHS - they are extremely caring, professional, and knowledgeable individuals who obviously care deeply about the care they provide their patients - from Health Care workers to Phlebotomists, GPs to Practice Nurses; Wonderful. Once that bit of AI technology gets refined it’ll be the best - please be patient with the reception staff until then. Front of Office staff often bare the brunt of our frustrations.

Author: Chris Mackelden
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service and telephone Manor found the receptionist to the hostile and aggressive
