Practice: THE STATION PRACTICE
Canonical code: G81658
Postcode: TN34 1BA
Google Maps title: The Station Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 215
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Station+Practice/@50.8576202,0.5757515,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47df1ac70ca04287:0x896b16b335a9a586!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df1ac770a1ae87:0x3ed23a16adacbd86!8m2!3d50.8576168!4d0.5783318!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc7c5pc3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G81658-the-station-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aaron Chislett
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Recievwd a call back after a several hour wait to be told theres no appointments, i told the women on the phone i have a lump amd a family history of cancer and she just told me to ring back another day. Have tried over ten times on the phone and cant get an appointment or even speak to someone

Author: Anon
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Despicable. Too angry to even write. Will do when ive calmed down. I have given them a 5 star when i first joined. Ive been with them for 8 months but getting a letter from them was kafkaesque. Recieved on with typos, grammer problems and not even on letterhead. Was written like a 12 year old. Its was urgent and it took over 6 weeks for this first one. Had to send it back. I had already given them one written very professionally which they ask you ti do. The 2nd one was better (after i had ti show them how it should be done) but removed the main reason i needed the letter. I told them it was no goid to me. They then told me that I had to pay £110 to have a private Consultation with this Doctor Who I've never ever seen before. Just to get them to add in the bit that they didn't put in which was simply about reasonable adjustments ( which they had included in the initial letter if you want to call it a letter it was ridiculous. It wasn't even dated. It wasn't on letter. For some reason it had my entire medical summary before they started what wasn't even a proper letter didn't introduce who they were or who I was and what our relationship was didn't say I'm a patient if there's I mean seriously I've never seen something so badly conceived without any respect at all for the patient and simply no knowledge whatsoever of how to write a letter. . The treatment was unbelievable by reception, you name it absolutely abysmal treatment. I'm going to report them. Even when I said fine I'll take the letter Which? they were charging me £30 for, they then refused to give it to me. Absolutely disgusting behaviour

Author: Hazel Tillott
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I really needed to speak to a doctor about a chest problem,I phoned up and was put in a line of 20 after nearly an hour I was at number 17 so hung up and phoned 111 and was helped by the lady on the phone.she got a nurse from Ashford to phone me and he sent an email to them saying I needed to talk to a doctor but I had to phone them to get an appointment,I did this and was put in a queue of 18 so a asked for a call back,which they did after about 2 hours only to be told I couldn't have an appointment.i was given a number for the other clinic only to be told there very coldly that they had no appointments and couldn't give me one.i very rarely try and get an appointment at station plaza for this reason its incredibly frustrating when you need a doctor but its so difficult

Author: lisa-marie leach
Date: a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
Station plaza started off good when I first went here, but now it’s gone completely downhill. You call at 8AM to try and get an appointment, are in a queue for over an hour, only to get to the front and be told there’s nothing left and to try again another day! And when they suggest try booking online, there’s no appointments for the next few weeks! I’ve been trying to get a repeat prescription of my folic acid (3 months worth) for a whole week. But every time I call it’s the same thing every time. Wait, they ask for your details, put you on hold… then “sorry but we don’t have any appointments available, try again tomorrow.” I give it 2 stars because the staff are usually pretty good with me, but this is getting out of hand.

Author: Sue Raison
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
This afternoon I had a review appointment for a chronic health condition. Nurse Practitioner Betty was professional, friendly and very knowledgeable. I felt she was collaborating with me on my health and well-being, rather than giving me instructions. Thank you Nurse Betty.

Author: William Connon
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Waigumbulizi is very friendly and approachable and I felt she listened to me. The NHS itself is creaking to a standstill and it really shouldn't be so difficult to make appointments. Clearly overstaffed with admin but understaffed with qualified clinicians.

Author: Cee Doubleyuu
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
6 times ive had to call because they've put the phone down whilst im waiting in the queue.

Author: Kellie Kirby
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking! From the time I called to the time I spoke to someone was 40 minutes. I was placed number 5 in the queue as soon as I rang so I think this is a ridiculous amount of time for only being number 5. Then took 15 minutes from being told I’m number 1 to actually speak to someone. Told that other people take priority over sorting ESSENTIAL medication which an appointment will be needed for which may not be the same day. They have no concern regarding people who rely on certain medication to grt through daily life!!!

Author: Luluana
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve not really received bad care but as someone who’s constantly struggling with a number of issues not tied to each other all I can think about it having some kind of underlying health condition / conditions and I think when people come in and ask you to do deeper check into those you should be saying yes. I’ve asked a couple times to do check to rule things out because I’ll have over five or six symptoms of these issues and will be told they can’t do that for some reason. Also when I first joined up I was told I would have annual internal scans for my PCOS and haven’t received one at all! I can say truthfully y’all are so much better than my previous doctor who never listened to a word I said but when we are concerned we need to be listened to properly and have things investigated fully. Not to mention a few times I’ve come in the doctor changes and I don’t even know who my assigned doctor is at this point, also there is a high lack of empathy and emotional support from the doctors themselves, the only person who is so supportive has been Tina. Please do better and remember we are coming to you for our health care, not for no reason.

Author: Maya Turner
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would be 0 stars if you were aloud to do so as the Station Practice is a JOKE. I don’t normally go to the doctors unless I really need too but I’ve had a few serious chest infections over the past year and every time I seem to ring up I get told the same story by the receptionist there’s not any appointments left this could be at 8.05 when you’ve just opened or middle of the afternoon when you’ve just waited over an hour to get though just put it on the answering phone that you’ve got no appointments left how hard can it be. Anyway in December I was staying with my sister in Kent when I had another chest infection and thought I’ll just go to the pharmacy there to get some antibiotics to be then messaged by the Doctors Surgery Noting I’m now living/moved to Kent and should find a GP practice there. Are you not aloud to get Medication from a pharmacy outside of your area ? Are you not aloud to leave your area of living ?
