Practice: PELHAM MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82032
Postcode: DA11 0HN
Google Maps title: Pelham Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Pelham+Medical+Practice/@51.4396526,0.3594507,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8b60ffaa5e6c7:0x64258920c971358d!8m2!3d51.4396493!4d0.362031!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12xpy8p_h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82032-pelham-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jules
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude! Receptionists! Say 1 thing & change another the week after, look down on u, messing about with my partners medications after an operation!!!!!! Rubbish!!!

Author: Denise Mills
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I regret changing surgeries now, what with the wait time for calls to be answered, the new system of making an appointment which is a nightmare and leaves me to think Pelham Surgery does not care about its current patients and this is a way of getting rid of them. I’m therefore of the opinion Prelham surgery does not want patients at all. How the older generation deal with this surgery is a major concern as it is beyond inadequate.

Author: Cristian
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful and rude staff...

Author: Nindi Chahal
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst for appointments

Author: Tammy Gough
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tammy Gough5 months ago

Author: Dawn Clerkson Yoga & Pilates
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Until this month I have been fairly happy with the level of service from this practice. In the last month however one doctor, who seemed fairly disinterested in my condition, failed to refer me to Dermatology for a suspected skin cancer growing on my face and I had to visit the surgery two weeks later and ask the Medical Secretary to send him an urgent reminder. Another doctor spoke loudly and continuously over the top of me so that I could not really get a word in edgewise and then she sent me somebody else's blood test form. Maybe all the hot weather is going to their heads but I hope this isn't the beginning of a big decline in the level of care.

Author: Rebekah Pashley Cheshire
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had great experiences with this drs surgery, I've been with them for 30+ years and despite an issue with one doctor (who doesn't appear to be at the surgery now) I've had nothing but positive experiences. Always listen to me and take my concerns seriously, refer me when needed and very empathetic and understanding. Reading all of these negatives reviews made me realise people don't often leave positive reviews so thought would add mine. The reception and admin team have been helpful and extremely good at working around my work schedule where possible. My husband has recently changed to Pelham as could not get any appointments at his previous place. I think this new system is extremely efficient and I managed to submit a concern and get a link to book an appointment the next day, then managed to get an appointment three days later. Has also reduced the waiting times on the phone and can get through really quickly. The NHS is on its knees, you can't expect perfection. They are doing their best.

Author: Deborah Feast
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have found all staff to be excellent and really friendly. Their reception staff are particularly good, kind and very informative and have always given me great customer service. It's a really difficult job to do keeping everyone happy with limited appointments etc. Full marks from me.

Author: Little Big Door
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
So far as a new patent all i can say is that I have no understanding of the low star reviews. They have been nothing but kind, informative and extremely helpful. People should show a little compassion more than just jump on any bandwagon of negativity. So it might be a nightmare getting an appointment or waiting for your turn to be seen but this is the same EVERYWHERE!!! There are always going to be far too many surgerys, schools, shops etc for the amount of people in local areas these days - it is just the norm so get over it lol James Scott.

Author: pallavi sharma
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The experience is 0 . My experience with Dr. Sahota was very bad. I told him about the baby’s problem, but he got stuck on just one point. Even when I mentioned that the baby had a cough, he ignored it .He didn’t listen to the full issue. Instead of properly listening and understanding the situation, he seemed to jump to conclusions and gave advice that didn’t make sense. Overall, I did not feel heard or supported during the consultation. Very disappointed with the doctor.
