Practice: FAVERSHAM MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82027
Postcode: ME13 8QR
Google Maps title: Faversham Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Faversham+Medical+Practice/@51.3144572,0.8867183,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47ded31cf022e5ef:0x43dc4d56bd7340f6!8m2!3d51.3144539!4d0.8892986!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg80r97?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 8
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82027-faversham-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: E T
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
E T9 reviews · 3 photosa month ago

Author: CLaire Farley-Hills
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a dodgy mole and was able to get an appointment within 2 days which was great. Saw Dr Titterton today and was delighted with the help and advice he gave me. He listened carefully and understood ,my concerns. Very considered advice quickly delivered in a friendly manner. Thank you.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
That you for the great review. We will pass on your comments to Dr Titterton. 😀 …

Author: Katie Towersey
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited 50 mins to see the gp when I asked I was told it’s because of patients taking so long. We all know you get 10 mins with a doctor and if you think it’s going to take longer for that patient book them a double appointment! No sorry either. Was also told this certain doctor Smith can take up to 2 hours behind. So if your told your booked with him I’d request another Dr.

Author: Lindy Hayward
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Again, a much thankful patient for the care, kindness and patience recieved today at the Urgent Medical Care centre. Was seen in less than an hour, prescribed medication and on my way home. I only have the utmost respect for all the staff at FMP. Thank you for your hard work and commitment 😊
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the great review. Much appreciated! 😀 …

Author: Sarah Robinson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have received consistently excellent care from FMP. It’s clear they are under a lot of pressure. They have some very efficient and caring (!) GPs there, who actually listen (!!) Similarly the nurses and phlebotomists have been very good with my 16 month old. I’m grateful to them for their support over the past few years. Thank you all, including the staff behind the scenes, the admin staff, receptionists (that is a tough job) and cleaners
Practice response date: 6 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the kind and understanding review! Much appreciated. 😀 …

Author: Чубак Бекмырзаев
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hello, can I have a blood test done at your place?
Practice response date: 8 months ago
Practice response:
Hello, only if you are registered with the practice. You would need to see a GP first as well.

Author: Hollie Monk
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
For an urgent treatment centre there wasn't much urgency, my 82 your old nan cut her leg and we waited for almost 2 hours, no she wasn't in danger but why make a 82 year old wait to be seen with a hurt leg.
Practice response date: 9 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review. Sorry to hear about your Nan’s wait, but all patients are seen in clinical priority. When patients check in on the iPad, an automated triage is completed. There is a clear sign next to the check in iPads to say that patients are seen in clinical priority. We by no means make patients wait unnecessarily longer than is physically possible. Hope your Nan makes a swift recovery.

Author: Jessica Schofield
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Brought my three year old in as I thought her chicken pox is infected. Was turned away and told it is just chicken pox and was sent to the pharmacy to spend £30 on creams they advised. Had to call an ambulance Saturday night as her temperature spiked very high, later to find out once we was seen at hospital that her spots are indeed infected!!!
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
Sorry to hear what happened. Please contact the practice directly if you would like a more formal response. We can’t really look into this on social media. Www.favershammedicalpractice.nhs.uk/contact/ Regards FMP

Author: Sara Aldred
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Doctor was lovely, its the admin staff you need to deal with. So stroppy and have attitudes! Get a job you actually like and stop being so rude to people!
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
So sorry to hear this. If you would like to provide more details of your experience, please contact the practice on kmicb.fmp@nhs.net Apologies again, FMP

Author: Vicki Pitkin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I attended the UTC with my sister who had a nasty fall. Michelle saw us and she was very attentive, friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. She really gave us both peace of mind and my sister has made a full recovery. Thankyou so much Michelle.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Thanks for the great review. Michelle will be delighted to know your sister has made a full recovery. 😀 …
