Practice: KINGSWOOD SURGERY
Canonical code: G82016
Postcode: TN2 4UH
Google Maps title: Kingswood Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kingswood+Surgery/@51.1319054,0.2736996,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df4429e7670aeb:0xc7ed627740e0b609!8m2!3d51.1319021!4d0.2762799!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vxcvpx4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82016-kingswood-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jude
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
One star review is only because i cant rate a zero !! I was actually recommended this surgery and Dr by a co worker as she had problems with depression . My experience of this surgery was bad from the point of registering had been with my Doctors from birth and i am a middle aged woman . Receptionist i think people will know who she is had me in tears in a corridor saying You must know how to fill in a form !! . No not really as due to my family home being sold i had no option but to move Doctors due to new postcode . I then find out that i can in extenuating circumstances remain at my preferred practice Warders . I dont know but since registering with this surgery it was impossible to get a face to face appointment . I had to go to Pembury Hospital A and E to obtain a piece of paper that stated my mental health was suffering low and behold finally i get a face to face appointment with Dr Sharma then mistakes are made with my medication combination of drugs were wrong milligrams upped i believe too much . Maybe Dr Sharma is a great Dr with others otherwise my co worker would not have given me her name i can only post based on my experience of The Kingswood surgery not good . This seems to be recurring post of those of us that suffer from clinical depression ? Perhaps those that read this post could add their support regarding their experience of this surgery i think it could only help in ascertaining whether this surgery is for you .

Author: Chris Banwell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kingswood is a brilliant surgery in these difficult times. I have been with them for 10 years and find the doctors/nurses/support staff to be excellent. They have helped me through diabetes/prostate cancer and now CLL. I am also supportive of Anima and find it a very easy way to communicate with the surgery. Regards, Chris Banwell

Author: Katie McNamara
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Bob Bowes is a truly excellent GP- clinically, extremely caring, and goes above and beyond. Medicine is obviously a vocation for him. As a family we have been members of the Practice for 24 years and are v lucky to have him.

Author: Milla Yeatman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This doctors surgery is outstanding when it comes to responsiveness. Over the last year when contacted, they act straight away and never leave you waiting for an appointment if there is an urgency. The staff are efficient and friendly. An excellent suregery - highly recommended.

Author: Isha Chadha
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Our experience with Kingswood surgery has been very positive. We’ve always managed to get appointments and prescriptions timely. Everyone here is very helpful and polite.

Author: Luke Ailles
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Kids misdiagnosed twice. And just generally poor service. Wife 10 weeks pregnant and being given medicine which is not suitable for pregnancy. Doctor even used google

Author: Matt Nash
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kingswood Surgery has been a superb GPs for me and my family over the years. We rarely have to wait long for appointments and they seem to have really thought through their scheduling system. On one occasion I was called within 40 mins to discuss the issue I had as - unbeknownst to me - depending on the type I had it was either a minor inconvenience or a potentially fatal development and they called quick as a result. When we compare stories to friends and colleagues in London it becomes apparent the stark contrast in quality and availability of Kingswood GPs versus what a lot of people have to face and deal with.

Author: Derek Woolvett
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I must say that using Anima for me has been most successful. Although there do appear some irrelevant questions, if I plod through, the end result is very pleasing. Prompt, helpful, supportive and polite responses each time, well done the surgery.

Author: Jayde Purnell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
NO STARS! 1. Don’t go there!!!!!!! you’ll be judged, even if you’re trying To BETTER Yourself. Just remember People are going to judge no matter how well you’re doing

Author: Aileen M
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
GP & nursing team regularly goes the extra mile - a shout-out especially for Dr Wilcox, capable, kind and professional. Most of the admin team is as helpful, making you feel valued and respected. But a minus score for the receptionist who doesn’t understand disability and uses the blue badge parking unfairly.
