Practice: SUMMERHILL SURGERY
Canonical code: G82046
Postcode: CT12 6SU
Google Maps title: Summerhill Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 83
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Summerhill+Surgery/@51.3475204,1.4044216,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9534fc3318139:0x80b1a9f325e11eb4!8m2!3d51.3475171!4d1.4070019!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wrtc3p_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82046-summerhill-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Martina
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I brought my mum into summer Hill surgery and wow, fantastic service from a lovely lady I believe her name is clare, she looked really smart, and was so so helpful, jolly, and polite, there was staff sickness and she dealt with walk in blood tests Amazingly she got my mum in for a blood test and really put herself out to help! So thankyou x

Author: Maria FIscher
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant doctors

Author: Mark Taylor
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Update-Dr Chinedu Chuckwura told my mother she had her 10 minutes and she was the reason he was getting home late at night. I suggest he quit his job with that attitude, and go work alone as he zero people skills. Not a good surgery. Their communications with my father and his ongoing cancer care have been poor to non existent. They only started getting better after some professional leverage from hospice doctors and other medical professionals. If you want o join, don't. If registered with them already, change.

Author: stephen jordan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
worst doctors surgery patient treat like there in way and inconvenience they look thing on google and more worried about cost than what patient need should rename surgery go to A&E as this what there tell you 90% time complete waste time

Author: John Pressley
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Wouldn't bother trying to get an appointment. Phone them and they tell you to use their online system. Go to the online system only to be told that they are only able to offer appointments for certain issues. Just seems like they never actually want to help anyone anymore.

Author: Leah SK
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Deborah is comforting, supportive, funny & hard working. She truly makes a difference in the surgery and i leave feeling better. Brilliant service

Author: Vicky Fuller
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give zero I would. I came to Thanet to check on my mum …. What is this? You can’t get an appointment without being triaged over a phone? Does anyone realise an older person puts a brave face on things and gets on with things? Is it realised that by not being seen when they try to reach out (and elderly patients thinking there’s no point contacting a doctor because you can’t be seen anyway) unacceptable? Do doctors have super powers where they can see patients down phones so a phone call will do when they have a physical issue? Too many processes - older people getting lost in a system! And a doctor struggling to use a computer …I do not feel like my mums care is in safe hands. After going straight to hospital we have a 3 week stay, a rehabilitation centre for no idea how long and potential care needs afterwards. And I know this shouldn’t have happened. Oh and this was someone zip lining 18 months ago and walking 8-10 miles a day less than 12 months ago. To say I’m livid is an understatement ….

Author: Zoe Grant
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception staff are always so kind. Dr Prince is so kind and took extra time out of his very busy day to get me an urgent eye assessment. Thankyou Dr Prince.

Author: Daren Reed
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery for nearly 40 years. They are extremely over booked with patients. This is the government, not the surgery. They have no say in the matter. Dr Grover is the last of the permanent doctors and gives everything to this job. Most of the locums they use have been very good at their jobs and provide a good service. The staff at reception and behind the scenes work tirelessly to ensure the surgery runs well. Daniel is an amazing, personable and empathetic young man, that is to say a lot of the receptionists are too. The system they use is not everyone's cup of tea and can be frustrating, however, how other can they book patients in, without the knowledge of how many doctors will be running. In hindsight, they are over worked and still manage to do a great job. Yes, there may be the odd error or timely constraint but all in all it is a good surgery.

Author: Trish Blood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
One of the best GPs. The staff are always lovely; with great support and advice. They empathise and are amazing listeners. The doctors are also great. They use a person centred approach when speaking with patients, which make you feel listened to and heard. Thank you Summerhill For having such wonderful and great staff 😊
