Practice: GUILDHALL STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: G82091
Postcode: CT20 1EJ
Google Maps title: Guildhall Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 113
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Guildhall+Surgery/@51.082317,1.1747963,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47debed05a8a8917:0x4d2d729c7825b593!8m2!3d51.0823137!4d1.1773766!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hr4r6mn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82091-guildhall-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: fred child
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to extend my thanks to the receptionists at the surgery, in particular to Kathleen, who was helpful, patient and understanding when I needed help with filling out an e-Consult.

Author: Honza Bodys
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Honza Bodysa month ago

Author: Gianmarco Caputo
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was surprised to see such a low rating, because personally, I found the surgery to be overall very good. The staff at reception have always been polite and helpful, and so far I've only had positive experiences with the nurses, pharmacists, and doctors.

Author: Marian Cisar
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Marian Cisar4 reviews3 months ago

Author: Rowen Bodle
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have lived in Folkestone for two years now and am so happy with the health support I have recieved from Guildhall since being here - regardless of what the issue is. My GP and the staff have been very supportive, have been quick to respond to my eConsults and have just been so efficient in getting prescriptions sorted and anything else that I have needed which is related to my health. I have been made to feel like an actual person rather than just ‘another patient’ which has helped me to feel safer with wanting to find support and help from this surgery! Thank you very much!

Author: Matthew Taylor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely dissatisfied with the service I received yesterday. My toddler had been very unwell and awake all night, so I completed an eConsult at 7am to secure an urgent appointment. At 8:15 I was told the doctor wanted to see him today, and I was booked in for 9am at Sandgate Surgery. The text message I received clearly confirmed a 9am appointment today. When I arrived at 8:55, I was told that Guildhall Surgery had actually booked the appointment for tomorrow. Staff at Sandgate acknowledged the text message confirmed today’s date but said they were unable to correct the error. I then called Guildhall, and after a long wait to get through, there was no apology, no accountability, and no acknowledgement of the mistake—just an offer of a 14:10 appointment, which simply isn’t workable when juggling work, childcare, and a sick child. I went to the Royal Victoria Hospital, (the nurse was amazing with my child) where I should not have had to go after being told I had a confirmed GP appointment. The lack of care, communication, and responsibility shown made an already stressful situation significantly worse.

Author: karen thompson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been with this surgery for just over a year .I am pleased withthe effectiveness of e consult and then straight away get a email to say I will be called or telephone ..I'm a happy with the surgery bthe staff at the moment I guess in surgeries are just doing their job find it stressful which is understandable. Overall I am pleased with that service I received

Author: Diane Hodges
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We joined Guildhall Surgery 2 years ago whrn we moved to the area. Whilst the building may be old the staff from receptionists, to the nurses and doctors, are superb. Caring, efficient, proactive and responsive. No complaints at all

Author: Leonard Greenwood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an urgent need for an antibiotic. Struggled a bit with the eConsult (needs the "right" response to its questions). Submitted it around 7:15am, received a phone call at 8:00am arranging an appointment at the RVH clinic at 9:30am. Prescription given and antibiotics in my hand by 10:30am. Thank you Guildhall for your quick response; it can de done when needed.

Author: Derren Willie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would vote no stars if I could. Disgusting how they treat their patients. I've been waiting 3 days for important meds and when I ring ,they tell me it's with the doctor and will be signed off. I have been waiting for 3 days with them saying this each time. When I finally get upset with them ,they have a go at me. They have gone downhill so much. I have to have strong painkillers and mental health medication. What on earth are they playing at? Will be changing doctors asap.
