Practice: THE GRANGE PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82020
Postcode: CT11 8AD
Google Maps title: The Grange Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 143
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Grange+Practice/@51.3396794,1.4255001,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d954acdb753ec7:0x693530505e0114b!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d954acc94a58a9:0xa95e366ffa8fd1f0!8m2!3d51.3396761!4d1.4280804!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjdw560?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82020-the-grange-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zowie Johnson
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot praise the lady called Susan on reception enough. She was so helpful, understanding and empathic when I needed some help regarding my brother. Everywhere you go things seem to be made so difficlt to navigate or you have to go online to register or to do this or that or get certain bits of information before being able to move fowards. Its all an absolute headache and not even doable for so many people with mental health issues or brain injuries or other illnesses that effect cognitive function and so on. This lady was outstanding with her patience and articulately went through things with us step by step. She really did lift a weight of stress from my shoulders. We need more Susans in this world. Thankyou!

Author: Ruthie K
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been registered at this surgery for over 20 years and have always found the doctors and other medical staff to be kind, caring and extremely helpful, with very speedy action when I was quite ill a few years ago. I wouldn't go to another surgery unless I had to do so. In "normal" times my GP always seems to take time with her patients to ensure that she has the full picture and does not rush people out of her office, which means she sometimes runs a little late (but I would rather have to sit and wait for her previous patient to finish than feel as if I am on a conveyor belt!) The only time I expressed a concern, I received a very swift and assuring response from the practice manager. Yes, there is quite an odd system regarding appointments - I presume it is to make the GPs lives easier and save time for them but, in the long run it seems to have made it more difficult for genuine patients to access the care they need in a timely manner. I do agree with other reviews that reception staff are not in a position to ascertain what is urgent or not, but not sure how their current system would work if the receptionists didn't ask certain questions. I've noted other reviews on this site saying that "those who give a 5-star rating must be friends or family". I am neither of these! Other people may have different experiences, but I write things as I personally see them.

Author: Imogen Gerlack
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was in today for a small procedure, which personally wasn’t the experience for myself. However, the staff were amazing and made it as comfortable for me as possible. Dr Johnston called me after to check in on me and also booked a check up appt for the end of the day. Sabrina and Hannah (I think that was her name) were fantastic and when I came back later in the day, went out of their way to come and speak with me. Honestly could not fault the service from everyone. For something that was quite embarrassing for me, they made me feel respected and dignified. Thank you!!

Author: sharron winship
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Filled in a econsult yesterday afternoon. Had Dr call back today. Very helpful dr and the receptionist was very friendly.

Author: Connor Brennan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Connor BrennanLocal Guide · 12 reviews · 25 photos2 months ago

Author: Sami
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is so bad, they ignored a mental health crisis. The anima system is terrible, the admin are rude and ignorant, they have no due care, take no responsibility and leave you without anywhere to go. Imagine being at the of your line, begging for help and they tell you to go fill out a form. Mental health support.. not here

Author: john smith
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently became a patient at this practice, from my initial appointment with Maria to discuss my medication, to be been looked after by so well by marieanne the diabetic nurse and lucy I found them all to be kind knowledge and kind and understanding thank you so much warmest regards john smith

Author: Gareth Anderson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
1st thing I have to say my gp is fantastic and the nurses are brilliant when you can get an appointment and it getting harder every year to get one

Author: colyn caffrey
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are fantastic but my gp is at best a liar and hasn't had contact via txt phone or in person since may 2024 despite being urged 5o contact me from NHS111 then from my pharmacist & finally sep24 my consultant also wrote urging him to contact me ...nothing,! Been on strong meds over 2 years now, medication review nope. Have multiple health problems going untreated. Now to top all my health issues I'm now in a cycle of ptsd and mental health is rapidly declining. No care received and no light at end my journey.....will not name him incase it hinders any legal actions. Check all Yr GP before accepting. Staff in there are amazing real nhs caring people

Author: RYAN DARGAN
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
DR Joy has been nothing but fantastic with me. been Empathetic, caring, diligent and Genuinely feel cared for. thank you
