Practice: TONBRIDGE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: G82042
Postcode: TN9 1EP
Google Maps title: Tonbridge Medical Group
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tonbridge+Medical+Group/@51.1931912,0.2688747,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47df4f4ee9353ea1:0xfa03675ab525a1c8!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df4f8580f867ab:0xfb02c0b424e57c19!8m2!3d51.1931879!4d0.271455!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11qpvwx3hs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82042-tonbridge-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zoe White
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Incompetent staff, very judgmental GPs and records and test results are recorded incorrectly

Author: I B
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP is a joke. A fancy posh looking building but it’s an empty shell. Even though it is true that the NHS is underfunded this is used as a constant excuses to give an extremely poor service. As soon as you enter the building you are dealt with as if you’re an inconvenience. The doctors do not listen to anything you say. If you have legitimate questions you can hear their eyes rolling and whatever you do don’t you dare question anything that is said to you. For someone that finds it incredibly hard to go to the doctor my experience of this practice has put me off for life. The NHS seems to be operating on a policy of it’s better to let things devolve and for people to be properly unwell and then we will take you seriously and then we will help you. I’m not even going to go into the process of trying to get an appointment because they seem to be operating a system that is decades out of date. This practice is a total waste of time and money.

Author: SW Liu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Not my usual surgery but sent here from a different branch. Building is nice and wait wasn't too long. Would have been important to clarify at the time of booking whether the appointment made was with an advanced nurse practitioner (ANP) or GP, as the consultation experience would have been very different.

Author: Topo Dogo (Tim)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Under-funded and struggling GP service. Still doing the 8am appointment system but generally I have been able to get appointments. I have had good response with diagnosis and referral for hospital operation myself so would give 4 out of 5 for my treatment (that GP has unfortunately left the practise), However, for my wife, still in pain after a year, she has had a terrible time with diagnosis, treatment, getting preventative tests and failure to get treatment or seen by a surgeon, so would give 0 out of 5 for her, hence my average score of 2 out of 5. Anybody else finding men get a better service than women here?

Author: Liaa Lifts
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The GPs are poor at this service, unable to diagnose a common issue after seeing multiple over a number of weeks. I even saw the GP googling this issue in front of me. I rarely use the service but making me wonder if its worth my time and investing in private healthcare.

Author: Terence Cousins
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Just had my flu jab appointment and it was very well organised. Well done to all involved.

Author: Luke Bryant
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's a joke

Author: Flora Mega
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The TMG was asked by my specialist to be referred to Tunbridge Wells Hospital the end of January 2025 and my GP only send my referral end of June. I have to wait now another 6months to see if the hospital will accept me as a patient and I do on a monthly basis a 70mile round trip to a hospital in West Sussex taking a medication for 4hours that has some side effects and of course I work full time.Also, the blood test appointments with a nurse are timed for 4-5mins per person and if you haven’t got luck to find a parking spot, by paying I mean because the free is too small,and signal to get to Ringo, you are late and they send you home. I wonder what do they do with people that their veins aren’t that good or they are scared of the process.

Author: Nasir Ali
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The appointment system and policy is ridiculous! For someone hardly visits the GP or NHS in general, paid too much to the government all my life that heavily funds NHS cannot even get an appointment. If requesting for an appointment during the day, you are asked to use the helpline number and if you insist then there's no appointment slot available or if they do then it's about a month away, alternatively call back in the morning between 8am to 9am. Calling during these times is impossible to get through or call gets disconnected usually due to line is too busy or put on hold for a very long time! The system is designed to put you off from visiting the GP is unfair and this will have bad consequences in the long run.

Author: Zoe B
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic service from this GP practice. All staff have been so helpful in coordinating my recent appointments. Within 24 hours of completing an e consult I had a same day appointment (patient and thorough!) and a blood test booked for the next available visit, greatly reassuring and service beyond what I would expect as a fellow healthcare worker well aware of current NHS pressures. Parking was easy and a massive perk considering the town centre location (this is the first GP surgery I’ve ever been registered with that has even had this as an option!). Thank you.
