Practice: THE WELLCOME PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82056
Postcode: DA1 2HA
Google Maps title: The Wellcome Practice
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 72
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Wellcome+Practice/@51.4457962,0.2044599,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8b1ec6e01188b:0x7bfee3a95f90cef5!8m2!3d51.4457929!4d0.2070402!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg_8rc4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82056-the-wellcome-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ilona Ashmore
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Triage system does not work! My son tried at 8 and 1 for 21/2 days for a GP appointment with no result so I paid for him to see a GP privately and she has said that he probably has a Hematoma after a bad fall 4 weeks ago. She has suggested an ultrasound and we now await to hear from the surgery? I gave her reveral to the surgery today. ILONA ASHMORE

Author: Review The Front Step
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
One of The worse GP experience you can is here. They are trying to become the worse in the entire England by putting online everything but there online system is not even a level to communicate any thing straightforward. Absolutely rubbish

Author: As You Were
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Complete joke, can’t get appointment not even if I waited 2 weeks. Told need to call back. Been 2 weeks trying !!!! Still no improvement !!!! Nothing changed since my last post. Still can’t get appointments easily

Author: Mark Walkling
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Be suffering with depression and can't even see a doctor complete circus

Author: Dominic Fantham
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dominic Fantham3 months ago

Author: Peter Maffei-Crowhurst
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So, before covid, the GP was absolutely brilliant with only one or two odd problems on rare occasions. But now, they're useless. Booking appointments is practically impossible because you go to use the app and it's down, you phone up and they say "use the app" and if you say it's down, they pretty much just airball you. My dad, who is terminally ill, needs his blood pressure taken twice a day and when my mum phoned up on his behalf, the receptionist was rude and obnoxious. Telling her to either take him in his wheelchair twice a day to a place that now has at least a 3 hour wait time on a quiet day, or renting a blood pressure machine for 20 quid WITHOUT SPECIFYING if the charge was daily or weekly. We can't even get a doctor's appointment because the receptionists are either lazy, rude, or both. This used to be a great place to go if you needed even a regular check up. Now if you're ill, you have to have an appointment booked AT LEAST A MONTH IN ADVANCE. Oh I'm sorry, let me just schedule being sick for a month's time. Honestly ridiculous Since covid, this place has gone downhill. I don't want some half-arsed apology for the service, I want you to do better

Author: Charldon
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Probably the worse practice you be linked too.

Author: Russ Elmes
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are really good, getting to the doctor or working with the practice is impossible. They have an ongoing problem of not picking up the phone for hours. The practice manager ‘Heather’ is pretty much worthless at resolving the issues, complaints are ignored and not responded to within the timescales they set themselves. As a practice, Heather and her team have built a wall between the patients and the doctors. Very hard to get an appointment, they have a huge catchment in Dartford yet only release 6 or 7 appointments per day. I finally got out of there when my physio wrote to them and asked them to prescribe me some pain relief. They text me and asked me to make an appointment. I couldn’t get an appointment, why didn’t they just pick up the phone? Three months pass and believe me, they couldn’t have cared less. They failed to answer my complaint within the timescales they set themselves which led to a second complaint. Heather talked the partners into throwing me out of the practice which I had already left 🤷🏼 as the practice is worthless. Sad end really. I am sure Heather is a nice lady. Don’t expect Healthcare from this Healthcare provider.

Author: Jennifer Midlane
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really really bad. This used to be a great doctors surgery. I had surgery on Tuesday and was advised by the nurse to book a wound check at my GP, which is this surgery unfortunately. No option for ‘wound check’ on the website so I call up. I’ve now been on hold for over AN HOUR!! 26mins at ‘position 1 in the queue’ Screw the wound check, can’t seem to get one of those. I’m now becoming convinced that someone is doing this on purpose to make us want a private healthcare system…..

Author: Aminat Ekwoanya
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am giving this one star because of the receptionists. The receptionists are awful, they rush you off the phone and are very unpleasant. Also, every time I go to the GP, I see a different doctor, there’s no continuity or anyone who really knows my history, just new faces each visit. However, the doctors and nurses themselves, especially Nurse Tracy, are excellent. The reception staff really need to be addressed.
