Practice: WHITE HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: G82069
Postcode: CT19 4PU
Google Maps title: The White House Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 72
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+White+House+Surgery/@51.0873881,1.1434564,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47debf35817bbc71:0x542f244b553d936b!8m2!3d51.0873848!4d1.1460367!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thq4ks3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82069-white-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sue Van-Hill
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Can never get appointment, can phone in but never get through, or you are 17th in the queue, by the time you get through all appointments taken. An e- consult for me always states for me to consult a doctor. I KEEP TRYING!!!

Author: Jakub Bogdan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Called first thing in the morning 8am I was in a queue number 45min later we are at full capacity this is week 2 I tried to get an appointment for my son I will be making a complain

Author: Fatma Sharifi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I am not satisfied with the services of this hospital. The management needs to pay more attention to patients. I am seriously ill and have had several blood tests done, but no one has contacted me with the results — neither online nor by phone. My condition is getting worse day by day, and at the very least I should have been informed whether my results are normal or not. A lack of communication in such situations is unacceptable. If no action is taken regarding my case, I will have no choice but to file a formal and serious complaint. Patients deserve basic follow-up and responsibility.

Author: Pauline Hook
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Pauline Hook1 review2 months ago

Author: Sue Booth
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve had to use econsult three times just lately and every time the following day you get the same message you will have to wait another 2 days . You can’t even ring to make an appointment about results even when they txt you to say ring surgery to make appointment to speak to them ! You are not monitored properly for medication either they just do the prescription !

Author: francesca foster
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctor surgery should be closed d

Author: S Allag
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Urgent repeat prescriptions constantly need to be chased or aren't processed at all. The receptionist today was extremely rude and impatient, trying to rush me off the phone. I simply requested that she repeat the list of medication that I had requested back to me but she audibly sighed and read it out like I'd pressed the 'fast forward' button. Its very disappointing as I understand they can be busy but who isn't? This is clearly how mistakes happen.

Author: emma hearnden
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
getting an appointment is made very difficult by this systems in place at this surgery meaning many vulnerable are not being seen when needed because they do not or can persist to do battle with online request forms on hold on the telephone for days and to be told the appointments are now gone. There needs to be an alternative to this system even if it is someone in surgery that can help people navigate these online systems, other surgeries have this.

Author: Caroline Barton
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I phoned this morning just after 8 to ask for a Dr to call me. I was 14 in the queue but didn’t have to wait more than 10 mins. The lady on reception was very helpful and had a lovely kind way about her. I received a call back before 11 from Dr York. I have never met him face to face but he was very easy to talk to and most helpful. Having read some negative reviews on here I wanted to even things out a bit. Very satisfied.

Author: Adela Humphries
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely Appalling surgery No help at all with my Son both the Dr's and the Royal Victoria Hospital don't want to take the responsibility In dealing with my sons condition He's disabled unable to walk because his right leg Is severely swollen and can't get his shoes on the whole of his bodyweight Is putting severe pressure on both his legs. I wouldn't recommend this Dr's surgery to any of my family and friends. A.Humphries
