Practice: WHITSTABLE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82071
Postcode: CT5 3SE
Google Maps title: Whitstable Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Whitstable+Medical+Practice/@51.3410007,1.010433,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47deccca9f9254b3:0x9a00d3bb99751b4b!4m8!3m7!1s0x47deccb558b9b34f:0x550cb5df59e8ae57!8m2!3d51.3409974!4d1.0130133!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cssvfb6n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82071-whitstable-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Przemek Florek
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I arrived to the URGENT Treatment Centre at Estuary View Medical Practice around 12.15, and the waiting time was 50min. It's been an hour and 45min now, and I have not been seen. Probably because I'm a foreigner. New shiny Med Centre with really bad service. Edit It's been 2 hours now. I'm leaving without any treatment or contract from the staff. And still in pain...
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
We're sorry to learn of your experience and that you did not feel able to wait any longer. The wait times shown are an approximation and can change quickly due to the severity of cases, which we cannot predict. Unfortunately this is the nature of urgent and unplanned care. I can see from our records that the wait time did reach just over 2 hours during the time of your attendance. We apologise that the wait was longer than anticipated and please do make further contact if you still require medical assistance.

Author: Kim Baldwin
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My elderly dad is registered to chelsfield medical centre specifically Dr Marli he lives alone and has complex medical issues I don’t live local but the service dad gets from surgery is amazing this goes from ladies on reception to doctors Dr Marli & Dr Gold they ensure dad has medical needs available and as he is registered as housebound they ensure he is seen when required this is so important to me as his daughter that he is getting best care possible as I live in London this is a breathe of fresh air to me we don’t even know our doctors names so thankyou for continuing care chelsfield surgery gives my dad ….

Author: Rouz Valcheva
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very friendly staff, unique doctors considering my complex case, more specialists were immediately called and they didn't let me go until they relieved my pain. Thank you!

Author: Alice Warren
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
First visit and was rely good I got there early and didn't mind wighting but they saw me earlier and doctors was rely helpful was rely friendly and helpfully

Author: Sharon Scamp
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon ScampLocal Guide · 70 reviews11 months ago

Author: Patrick Murfet
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is probably the best medical practice I have registered with in the last 40 years, It is difficult to explain how from the entrance greeting right through to the smile and exit, this practice should be held up and shown to the other practices to show how it should be done, the gold standard, thank you, everyone, from cleaners, receptionists, Nurses and Doctors, the leadership and team spirit is obvious. Thank you

Author: Dawn Mason
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a day tripper to Whitstable from London I have to praise the centre 100% for their kindness, attention and after care. After a nasty fall on the beach and lacerations to my face and suspect broken bone to my hand the team set to work on me very quickly! I was regularly updated with what was happening and even given refreshments. As a lone traveler I felt comforted by the staff after experiencing such a shock. Many thanks to the team who looked after me and to the centre for their amazing care in A&E!

Author: Richard Stebbing
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having been a bit of a critic of not being able to get a GP appointment, I had cause to call this morning at 08.00 requiring some medical assistance. I got a call back from George Young in the Same Day Hub who got me to go in and see him almost immediately. I saw George, who I must say was better than any GP I have ever seen. I had a moan about how everything has changed and he took the time to discuss all my issues and gave me a thorough examination. He was interested, considerate and extremely personable. All in all I received a first class service today and left very happy and reassured. So thank you George for your time and very patient approach to this old cynic! You are a star and I do hope Dr Ribchester gets to see this review.
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback and rest assured this will be shared with the practice team, including Dr Ribchester!

Author: Ryan Daniel
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely amazing place from when I arrived and to the treatment I received for my fractured thumb. So quick to deal with it to being quick with the x-rays. All staff were so friendly and very kind to me. Thankyou for all your help!

Author: Maria Joiner
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Prompt service, I moved area and fought to keep my doctors due to the service. My usual doctor calls and he knows my history, continuity. In a world where people have problems getting through i am presently grateful.
