Practice: DASHWOOD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G82064
Postcode: CT11 9PR
Google Maps title: Dashwood Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 181
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dashwood+Medical+Centre/@51.3365842,1.4024728,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47deacb2f0096315:0x2b355147d2f8337!8m2!3d51.3365809!4d1.4050531!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pp2tymlt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82064-dashwood-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: C N
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Sadly this is the worse doctors surgery I have ever experienced. Staff are unfriendly on the phone. Everything is referred back to the “app”. Months waiting for an appointment. If I could move elsewhere I would. Think twice before registering with Dashwood as everything about this surgery is slap dash sadly

Author: James
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Attended an appointment in relation to angina, was told "Nooo its not that" and if your that concerned go and sit up a+e for an ecg, lmao, useless, so went home and changed doctors instantly c ya

Author: brian aylott
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was at CTU on Friday with acute UTI , the doctor I saw there was one of our practice Doctors, who told me to go to the surgery after leaving him , ask for a red top specimen bottle , give the sample in , and make an appointment for a telephone consultation for Monday to talk about a referral to Urology and to talk about the new antibiotics he had prescribed because I have problems with some antibiotics. I spoke to the receptionist at Dashwood House , who gave me the bottle for sample , while I was doing that she said she would organise the telephone consultation for Monday , when I came back to reception to hand in the sample ( my wife was with me ) , asked about Mondays telephone consultation, she said it had been booked and I would get a call on Monday . I just phoned the surgery to ask if I would still be getting my consultation as it’s getting on a bit late . Receptionist said there was no phone consultation booked , so I have no referral , I’m thinking I might have problems with the new antibiotics , with no idea what I’m to do next , I’m 72 left in the lurch

Author: Adam Miller
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Needed a sick note for work as had the flu and was off for more then 7 days. The stress to get a sick note from the doctors is a joke. Can't get though on the phone as too many people on the phone, no1 knows what they are doing and sick notes are not delt with by a doctor so they don't call you to discuss just say you can't have one. Added 19/1/26 went to the surgery to book an appointment to see a doctor has have had a cough for over 3 weeks and its become a struggle to talk and walk around the house without getting out of breath. No have to do an online anima form there is no support to do this form you just have to do it regardless if you have Internet or not everything is now done on this form there was 2 receptionist there when I went in what is the point in these now if they are not there to book appointments and everything is now done online? Finished the form and been told someone will be in contact in 2-3 working days, is this how doctors are going? It was always a pain to phone up and not get though but at least you was able to book appointments and see a doctor now you dont know if you will see a doctor when you need to or not. The inadequate rating CQC gave in 2023 hasn't improved even with the merge of another surgery and hiding behind their rating now

Author: Gosia English
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to say thank you to all staff working at Dashwood and Northdown surgery! You are all such a lovely and caring people. Dr Nadia Moahammed has help me so much in the past few months and I am very grateful for all your help! Thanks!

Author: Adriana Bolton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I genuinely cannot believe how ridiculously inefficient and genuinely dangerous this GP is. I have severe pregnancy sickness, and I called to get a prescription that I had to seek privately first because I was desperate, to then have them issue a one off prescription, only to have to continue chasing to get a repeat prescription, for them to make me speak to a GP, who then did NOT TO SIGN IT OFF despite them saying they would when I called earlier and repeatedly chased!!!! I will now be in a position over the weekend WITHOUT Xonvea, and will guaranteed be EXTREMELY sick on Sunday and Monday until they sign off the prescription. The level of incompetence, time wasting, and sheer danger of just not signing off a PRE AUTHORISED prescription is insane to me.

Author: Owen Wilkinson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If your to the area an are looking for a local GP I’d save your time I turned up without an appointment to ask if I was having an allergic reaction (which turned out to be hives) I was turned away by a rude receptionist and then went to Margate hospital where the doctor started googling my symptoms I’m sorry you work for the NHS and you don’t know what hives are that’s outrageous then I had to travel back to dash-wood medical centre to pick up anti inflammatory whilst I was having an outbreak and then when I arrived an had to wait in a queue for 15 minutes they then said the medication has been sent back and there was nothing they could do…

Author: Gary Thatcher
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Gary ThatcherLocal Guide · 27 reviews · 104 photos3 months ago

Author: jane fall
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking! My partner has been sending econsults for months and keeps getting fobbed off never seeing an actual Dr always a nurse or paramedic and has requesteda Dr. Are they aware of mens mental health month?? This is why patients end up becoming very sick because they are fobbed off by. untrained staff selecting who needs to be seen. Special measures. They need shutting down. November 2025 and still the practice is awful. I've sent complaint with no response, my partner has recently had a brain scan and been told he must see the Dr and has been offered an appointment in December. Uncaring, unprofessional service. Somebody needs to manage this place!!

Author: Sue Conboy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just had a blood test done by Raymond. I hate needles and he completely put me at ease I never felt a thing. Brilliant thank you Raymond.
