Practice: THE HERON MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82090
Postcode: CT6 5NF
Google Maps title: The Heron Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Heron+Medical+Practice/@51.3715396,1.1182923,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d9356f8e531907:0xf6e74cf8e13c8676!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+HERON+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+CT6+5NF!3m8!1s0x47d9356f8de55555:0xc7dbe7eed865dd9f!8m2!3d51.3715363!4d1.1208726!9m1!1b1!15sCiJUSEUgSEVST04gTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBDVDYgNU5GkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F11lky4p7yg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82090-the-heron-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Adam Davey
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
You are a minute late they refuse your appointment but they book appointment then are half an hour late to them absolutely useless

Author: Carolyn Wilson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We were very impressed with the service we got from Dr Nnando. We see him on Friday and had a follow up phone call from him on Saturday afternoon with the result of tests. Excellent

Author: Jasmine Winters
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jasmine Winters4 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Maggie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Heron medical practice for 7 years, & have always been more than satisfied with the treatment I've received. The doctors, medical staff & support staff go out of their way to help with any problems I've had. Recently I've had a few appointments with Dr Lupton, & I've been so grateful for the care I've received. I've found her considerate & understanding , she's taken time to answer my questions & explain every situation . I feel that nothing is too much trouble. My thanks to all involved.

Author: john lewis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff at The Heron Medical Centre in Beltinge Herne Bay are the very best in my opinion. Last year 2024 I went and saw a Doctor about a condition that had developed and with their knowledge and skills was immediately tested and sadly diagnosed with cancer. One year on 2025 and with the support of this amazing team at Beltinge, I have received the appropriate referral and treatment for this terrible disease. With my utmost thanks and admiration of all staff that assisted me with this difficult journey. I and my family are extremely grateful for the expertise and professionalism of all the staff at The Heron Medical Practice at Beltinge. Well Done and thank you.

Author: colin lee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Such incompetent staff they can't do what they're asked from another hospital

Author: David Russell
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My previous post was deleted but still remains, dont go with any surgery under this practice as not only do they mess appointments up with hospital but they also say they have prescribed meds that haven't been prescribed and make up appointments that I haven't had!!

Author: H LS
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Heron Medical Practice is an excellent GP Practice, who go above and beyond for their patients. You can contact the surgery online via their website so that you are not waiting on the phones at 8am. Brilliant service.

Author: Kieran
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give this surgery half a star if I could. Sometimes you need to be half dead just to be able to get an appointment to see a doctor the same day, Otherwise you have to book a week in advance. if you're able to call in at 8am and get an appointment the same day then you should try your luck on the Euromillions. Admittedly this surgery is the workplace of the best doctor in Herne bay/Beltinge and one of the highest regarded and skilled in the whole of Kent. (Mr) ( Dr. Q. Mangi ) But the surgery has many more good doctors there so I just don't understand why it's so difficult to be seen within 48 hours. Especially as there is another very large surgery just round the corner. I never had an issue with the surgery mentioned ( Park Surgery ) in regards to booking appointments and being seen quickly, I just wasn't happy with the level of care I was receiving so I decided to do a switcheroo. So yes, that is my review and opinion. Brilliant Doctors, Shout-out to Dr Mr Mangi, Boo to the borderline rude receptionists, And hopefully the rate of which people can get appointments and start receiving treatment improves significantly! TaDa Kiza

Author: Phill Morgan
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to take a moment to express my sincere thanks and appreciation following my appointment today, Friday 16th May. Nurses Starmer and Wood were outstanding in their professionalism, care, and, above all, their ability to put me at ease. I freely admit I’m probably one of the worst patients when it comes to needles, yet both nurses handled the situation with such calm reassurance and genuine kindness that the experience was far less daunting than it might have been. Their excellent listening skills and patient-centred approach made a real difference. It’s clear they are not only highly skilled but also deeply compassionate professionals who take great pride in delivering quality care. I would also like to take this opportunity to praise the entire team at St Anne’s Practice. The service I received on 16th Mar, and consistently in the past, reflects the dedication, efficiency, and empathy that define outstanding NHS care. Please do pass on my gratitude to Nurses Starmer and Wood and my thanks to the wider team. Warm regards, P Morgan
