Practice: CITY WAY SURGERY
Canonical code: G82051
Postcode: ME1 2AY
Google Maps title: City Way Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 214
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/City+Way+Medical+Practice/@51.3720462,0.5085379,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8cce158154811:0x49396ac6c43dfab0!8m2!3d51.3720429!4d0.5111182!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v4k5sfs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82051-city-way-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: D K
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
It's a complete joke not a GP! I supposed to give zero not even one star!

Author: Orchid Pride
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are not helpful . l will change my GP.

Author: Lee Price
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists who think they are GPs, GPs who don’t give a monkeys. Awful surgery whose staff are, clearly, only present to pick-up wages. Always someone else’s fault. Terrible attitude that is set by management but as they have plenty of ‘customers’ , the money keeps rolling in. Lack of options for patients and lack of consequences for poor service means they are sitting pretty no matter how many 1-star reviews they get (must be a record). PLACE YOUR HEALTH IN THEIR HANDS AT YOUR PERIL !!!

Author: Peter Markley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
E consulting form not accepted post code and receptionist not able to book an appointment so had to book via email

Author: Roger Knight
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Roger KnightLocal Guide · 9 reviews · 5 photos3 months ago

Author: Jacqueline Taylor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always seem to answer my questions, refer when necessary

Author: Jay P
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Edit: Used Anima to book an appointment, apparently the earliest is 4 days away. Unfortunately taking a star away. :( Edit: Oh dear... The woman that booked me a blood test at reception forgot to book me in. When I arrived she asked me who booked me in... I said "you did" and handed her the booking note. They still squeezed me in but it was a bit embarassing. Edit (22/07/24): After attempting to get my partner an appointment every day at a different practice (high park) and failing every day, it's truly made me appreciate City Way Medical Practice even more! Edit: 10 years! It's horrible to see the negative reviews. The reception stuff, in my experience, have always gone the extra mile to help me. I've continued to have zero issues with getting an appointment (Filled in e-consult at 9pm, managed to get an appointment same day!). Reading some of the 1-star reviews - it seems staff are following procedure and people are unhappy with the outcome, so they take it out on the surgery by leaving a bad review lol. I've genuinely never had a single bad experience since being here for the last 9 years. The reception staff are helpful and kind, the doctors, nurses, & on-site paramedics are brilliant.

Author: Ed Harris
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I asked for some cheap eye drops and she said what's wrong with your eyes, I need some eye drops! Why would I have to explain myself when I ready just have and she asked again. Is this sarcasm?

Author: Kwaku Agyemang
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kwaku Agyemang4 months ago

Author: Jim Wilde
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have a family member who is elderly and virtually bedridden. She has serious complications with her health, warranting a need for a visit by a doctor. Twice this week, a doctor has been requested, and they have agreed to come out. TWICE they didn't turn up. On both occasions, the surgery did not contact us to say the doctor would not be coming. Twice the doctor didn't even bother to contact us to say they would not be coming. This is totally unacceptable. Where is the courtesy of a phone call, or the duty of care. This GP practice is unfit for service. The staff require training in customer facing situations, and also in some of the basic requirements of Reception Duties. Every prescription request I have made has been either delayed, not there, or erroneous....every month. I have tried to bring this to the attention of the surgery, but they have little or no interest in maintaining their duty of care. Maria has an attitude problem, and needs retraining in the basics of health care. Her attitude to my wife today (16 Oct 2025), was appalling, and upset her.
