Practice: THE LIMES MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G82052
Postcode: CT9 1QY
Google Maps title: The Limes Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 219
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Limes+Medical+Centre/@51.3910555,1.3828247,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d953a54fe20de9:0xfa823abec8d46db7!8m2!3d51.3910522!4d1.385405!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12xq3pb4d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82052-the-limes-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: RandomViRuS
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Well, I left them five stars but they ruined it so one star it is. Done an anima to speak to a doctor twice due to complex health condition. First anima was a nurse practitioner and last time they sent of a test then forgot about me, the second anima asking for a doctor they send me to a pharmacy who won't deal with chronic conditions. Clearly they have a lazy doctor don't who doesn't read the anima or doesn't care. Also the management is appalling! Made a complaint but never heard back!

Author: Lesley Kemp
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I really don't recognise the negative comments I read in some of the reviews on here. I have received nothing but excellent care and service since being under The Limes from 2020. Staff are helpful and polite. The medical professionals, both the GPs and Nurses I have encountered go all out to find solutions and great care. So much so the team there and at QEQM were the ones who found a cure for a condition i was told by past GPs that I'd just have to live with. The patient access portal makes my repeat prescription ordering easy. The press of one button and I simply go to my pharmacy to pick it up. The anima portal makes appointment making easy. Just fill the information in and it is triaged at The Limes and I am called and offered an appointment with the appropriate medical professional. The Limes also offers a wide selection of services that makes staying well and healthy possible. Can't recommend highly enough

Author: Ewan
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
The main problem is the receptionist acting as doctors! There's a receptionist there, definitely sounding like middle-aged woman, and probably should not be working in a GP because she has personal problems at home or with herself, but.. She came across as: Overly assertive — speaking in a tone that felt dismissive rather than helpful. Rigid — unwilling to be flexible or consider your side, even on small matters. Entitled — giving the impression that her authority at the desk meant she didn’t need to listen. Condescending — her manner suggested she was “talking down,” as if you should already know what to do. I got the feeling that if I was offering her the same level of service.— she would be the sort of person who might make a big issue out of something minor, rather than resolving it calmly.

Author: Julia Mitchell
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice since I've been there has got progressively worse. Ive had to resort to paying private each time I've needed help. Yesterday was the worst time by far as they trashed their code of: conduct, ethics and The Hypocratic Oath. They pretended I'd filled in forms to see a mental health worker yet they had previously rung me to say I had an appointment with a doctor. When I got there and disputed this. I got gaslighted. At a doctors? Can you see the oxymoron there? Really? Previous to this I'd had two ECG's. I never got the results until I asked for my records. Both were abnormal. I had to go private to see a cardiologist. He told The Limes to give me an 'eco.' They told me they won't because I had private health care. Anothrt oxymoron. I had one smear in 11 years. The nurse told me it was my fault because "I didnt like the staff." Another vacuous, idiotic, moribund comment more offensive than the smear test itself. I had a private MRi. They lost it but the best one by far is yesterday when I saw the doctor who wasn't a doctor. The person i was consulting with said (when i told them I was disabled) "What's wrong with you then?" That's like saying to someone whose gay "Are you sure your gay?" Or "Prove you are black." Its offensive, glib, ignorant and arrogant. They broke their own code of ethics lying and gaslighting me. Its so appalling I can harding believe it.

Author: Kiki Coco
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Any medical establishment that has less than 3 stars should be investigated by law and shut down. Imagine trying to register with practices in Westgate/ Broadstairs because they appear to have far better reviews/ services but the ones in your local area are so garbage, you'd rather look elsewhere. I've not been back here for years only to find out that their service was terrible then and remains more or less the same now. Why do you have to sit by the phone first thing in the morning with the hope that those lazy 'Receptionists' may pick up the phone?? Holding for 40 mins at a time, but for what?! The place needs a god damn clear out!

Author: Mister and Mrs Ruth
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Concur with the low but honest reviews. The Limes is hugely struggling to accommodate the needs of patients. You’re asked to fill in an online form, then you go to fill it in and it says you can’t fill it in! What is this madness?! You can’t even fill in the bloody form to get an appointment! Sort it out Limes. Sadly, it’s years of government neglect deprioritising our NHS to leave things in this state, with overworked and stressed doctors trying to do a really tough job with a government who are putting money into the wrong pockets. Help our NHS. Help Limes. Because how it is at the moment is just not good enough.

Author: Lexi Wilson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lexi Wilson8 reviews · 2 photos3 months ago

Author: Natasha Warwick
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
A time wasting and stressful experience. get a text to say dr want to see/speak with me but have to fill out the online for again and again for follow ups. specify when i am available so they book when i am not available. No wonder A&E UTC is over stretched. GP surgeries are not helping.

Author: Adam Hogarth
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sad to say, but getting an appointment with a doctor is an absolute shambles. Everything needs to be done online, which is incredibly limiting for people that struggle with technology or do not have access to a computer. The receptionists are very unaccommodating, rude, and frankly, patronising. If you need a doctors, do not use The Lime's Medical centre. It is rubbish.

Author: G.P Moore
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
G.P MooreLocal Guide · 37 reviews · 4 photos6 months ago
