Practice: ASHFORD MEDICAL PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: G82080
Postcode: TN24 0HZ
Google Maps title: Willesborough Health Centre
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 203
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Willesborough+Health+Centre/@51.1367623,0.896307,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47dedafad27cf0bd:0x5c2d4bf9f3da57ed!8m2!3d51.136759!4d0.8988873!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tksh206?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82080-ashford-medical-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dan Cronin
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Abysmal. Absolutely abysmal. Have had regular ECG and medication review each year up until I've been at this surgery and they didn't make my yearly appointment so I called to remind them but the receptionist asked what medication I take and said there's nothing on the system about it, so she refused to help any further and said enquire on the econsult system. Obviously I was expecting her to just book the appointment and that would be it but she literally point blank refused. That means that now the surgery are refusing treatments to patients by fobbing simply saying "oh well I don't make the rules". Arrogant reception teamand extremely unknowledgeable in their profession. They never get back to you about blood results because they just assume because the blood test is normal that there's nothing wrong so you end up back at square 1 every time. No mental health help at all from this failing surgery.

Author: Merv K
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Its a shame you can't get your klinik working properly

Author: Jo Rickards
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been part of the AMP for two years and was very wary because of previous reviews. However I can not fault the three AMP surgeries and the systems in place and have always found staff friendly, caring and helpful and trying to do their very best in a very pressured environment. Thank you to everyone that works together to make me feel safe and supported.

Author: Mikhail Nobet Varceirch
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most incompetent doctor surgery in Ashford

Author: Sunita
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to give a feedback to warn everyone about Dr Rikesh Tamrakar. I had the worst experience with this particular doctor . I am in absolute shock with how unprofessional and extremely rude he was. He has really upset me with the demeaning way he spoke to me and am hugely disappointed that a person of colour such as myself would act like this to his own people. However, I would also like to take this chance to say a huge thank you to the reception staff who was very understanding of the situation and helped me get another appointment with a different doctor.

Author: Thomas Palmer
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always find the Willesborough surgery efficient, polite and the doctors that I have seen are all very accommodating and helpful, especially Dr Wong. A totally awesome GP. It does get busy but unfortunately that is just life.

Author: Dan Cronin
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent system for making appointments, it's much better than phoning to make an appointment. The online forms are easy to fill in and explain about the issues that patients need to see a doctor for or speak over the phone to the doctor. Ashford Medical Partnership is great, highly recommend.

Author: hollie
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
id give zero stars if i could, dismissive staff and takes weeks just to see a doctor. I appreciate that the nhs is under stress with not enough staff, but it shouldn't take over 2 weeks to get a prescription! especially if it's a life saving medication like insulin!

Author: David
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After using willesborough health centre. New Klinik on line for a doctors appointment. Told 3 days .so appointment made for a doctor to ring me .eventually a phone call 3 days later fro a nurse practicioner. Who was not a doctor.who could help me with my illnesses. Just telling me that my ct and mri scans are dealt with kent and Canterbury hospital even though had done at William harvey Hospital. And willsborough health centre doesn't have any information. And I have to ring kent and Canterbury direct.I told her that I'm unwell with the symptoms and need to.speak to a doctor at willsborough health centre. Not a nurse practioner who knows nothing about my health issues and why I booked on Klinik for a doctors appointment. She then informed me she has used up her 10mins call with me.and I would have to make another on line appointment. Evenue though this was my supposed call from a doctor to discuss my health I am suffering from.I have rang the willsborough health centre back and after being in a queue for 35mins to complain to a practice manager was told not available as at meeting at surgery I asked for a call back explaining the situation and was told I would get a call back the next day. WHICH HASN'T HAPPENED. This all took place on Thursday afternoon. Now Friday the 11 august 2.30pm and no call back.mr d brown

Author: pauline huckstep
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have twice been sent an appointment to see a doctor but when I get to the surgery it’s a phone call consultation twice it’s happened this time when I get home it says on my app.This appointment has now passed and will be removed at the end of the day so am I now on a black list because I didn’t attend as I was at the surgery at that time the text was sent on the 16th May and the appointment was sent to me 31st May which one would you think was right sorry but this is not acceptable someone needs to get there facts right and get it sorted I have been with this practice since 1970 so expect better treatment never been so insulted before the way the young chap on the reception St Stephens surgery made that it was my fault I said to him I know I’m old but I’m not stupid and he just looked blankly at me end of rant
