Practice: BALMORAL SURGERY
Canonical code: G82036
Postcode: CT14 7EQ
Google Maps title: Balmoral Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 83
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Balmoral+Surgery/@51.213828,1.396244,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47deaed87136d63d:0x6392339244f7e6e!8m2!3d51.2138247!4d1.3988243!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v2pphcv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82036-balmoral-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emma Riley
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Twice now I have seen the paramedic at Balmoral and both times after seeing her and ended up with severe respiratory issues. Not prescribing the medication I said I need along with doc jassai confirming the prescription without even seeing me, I was very poorly..I have complained about her in the past for the same thing and I think that has affected the way she is when I am out in with her. I don't like the way she is so quick to say there nothing wrong with you. And then I get seen as a priority at the hub and prescribed steroids for my lungs, and nebulisers. There is one receptionist who is always very short and rude. There is some lovely gps however, and thorough . Just not these ones

Author: Heather Corby
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Whilst I have always loved this GP today “ANIMA” has changed that. I feel that the NHS as a whole is trying to close it’s doors to prevent access to healthcare and this online system only aids that. I’ve had an injury that if it was a break would have healed by now (6 weeks) it’s not, so today I took myself to Victoria Hospital. I was told it’s too old to treat, I have to go to my GP. I can only access this online but as it’s my first time I will be able to get help from the GP reception. I roll up and the GP and they referred me back to the online booking, this is the way across the whole of the UK I’m told. Not wanting to make a fuss I fill out the soulless online form only get a text telling me they are at capacity re-fill tomorrow. I’ll just let the issue resolve itself I guess??? This is what we pay out taxes for people! The system is broken.

Author: Kali Sono
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They reject care to anyone who isn't old because surely young people can't have problems. Maybe think for a second that a young person might be at the doctor's because something is clearly wrong. People don't go to the GP for a laugh, get it together Balmoral. Unprofessional, neglectful, absolutely terrible.

Author: faith burke
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I contacted Balmoral via their anima online requests for a cervical smear test. I received a phone call from the surgery booking my smear test for a date in November. I juggled things to attend the appointment, but when I got there the receptionist told me whoever had phoned me had not booked my appointment in, so I had nobody to see. She was apparently off sick that day. I now have another month to wait as Balmoral could not offer me anything sooner. Let's hope I don't have cervical cancer, thanks Balmoral surgery

Author: Kitty
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the regular receptionist is short tempered and unapproachable each time I speak with her politely she can not find the details from my doctor i also see the same problems with other patients the receptionist will say I can't seem find tje details every time.e and it takes ages to sort out please can someone find out why this is always happening, I get anxiety each time I have to face her..

Author: Linda Tooms
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic surgery. Numerous ways of getting advice from a GP. All doctors, nurses and staff are friendly and professional

Author: Zofia Kicinova
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless clinic. Worst experience of my life. They let me suffer in pain for TWO YEARS, refusing to refer me to a specialist—just threw painkillers at me. I went privately to specialt and im almost pain free. Total negligence. Avoid at all costs.

Author: Patricia Moore
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Patricia MooreLocal Guide · 25 reviews10 months ago

Author: Holly Riley
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist staff are very rude and argumentive. Had surgery on Friday and left the hospital without my prescription. Rung the surgery and was told that I would have my prescription done by Dr eastbrook. Rung the pharmacy and no pain meds had been prescribed so spent all weekend in agony. rung today to get the same staff member with the bad attitude answer the phone which ended up in altercation because she wouldn't listen. Then I get a warning letter lol definitely looking at a new surgery

Author: D Kitching
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
D Kitching1 reviewa year ago
