Practice: GREENSAND MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: G82024
Postcode: ME17 4NU
Google Maps title: Greensand Health Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 132
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Greensand+Health+Centre/@51.2298664,0.3543598,12z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sGREENSAND+MEDICAL+GROUP+ME17+4NU!3m8!1s0x47df3116d8523ddf:0x9d7461620a6e5fca!8m2!3d51.2298664!4d0.5067951!9m1!1b1!15sCiBHUkVFTlNBTkQgTUVESUNBTCBHUk9VUCBNRTE3IDROVVoiIiBncmVlbnNhbmQgbWVkaWNhbCBncm91cCBtZTE3IDRudZIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmljmgFEQ2k5RFFVbFJRVU52WkVOb2RIbGpSamx2VDJ4S1dVMXJiRkJWTW1neldtdEpNR0pGTlZsVVJra3lWV3BTTVZReFJSQULgAQD6AQUIiQEQQw!16s%2Fg%2F1ts2zkb2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82024-greensand-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michelle
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Zero Stars.....Worst Dr's surgery I have ever had to deal with. Anima system is awful. Can't get an appointment for love or money. I had to call 111 once just so that they could contact the surgery to organise an urgent appointment. Greensands texted and said next available appointment was in six weeks @ Linton or i could go to Headcorn the next day. Considering I could hardly drive at the time it was a painful journey to Headcorn. How would they feel if their inefficient system led to someone actually dying do to lack of care.

Author: Ola Br
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
One month ago I completed all forms and showed id to add my son to my nhs app for his prescription and they texted me back to get another extra form .Receptionist don’t even know their job I asked if with the completed form on return she would need to see id again she said no but after I returned with forms completed she wanted the id what a joke

Author: A Bb
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience with this practice regarding my elderly relative has been very disappointing. Calls are often not returned when promised, and concerns about ongoing symptoms seem to be dismissed as anxiety rather than properly explored. For someone already struggling with severe anxiety, this approach has been extremely distressing. Patients deserve to feel listened to and taken seriously.

Author: Stephanie Clark
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stephanie Clark2 weeks ago New

Author: Wendy Brooks
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can not fault this surgery, I have had to use the walk in clinic twice already this year and although the wait has been long due to how busy they are I have been treated with kindness and efficiency both times. I can't understand all the negative comments and feel that if these people had been patients at other practice like college road as I have they really wouldn't be so critical.

Author: Margaret B
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My 85y old father-in-law who has dementia diabetes and can't walk , was turned back by your menopausal resoptionist because he missed his appointment by 15 minutes... do you call it duty of care? Maybe you should invest into some kind of computer replacing frustrated staff - the rating will go higher for sure. It can't be worse, can it?

Author: ROBBO
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Sarah ! Receptionist that is rude , uncaring and ill educated . Honestly in all my years I have never experienced a more rude member of staff …. Totally unprofessional and plays god with peoples health ….. runs like a baby to the practise manager and still none the wiser …. No matter how polite you can be nothing would work with this woman ! Avoid at all costs and seek a different member of staff with less peroxide black dye in their hair …. I could say a lot more but pointless . Shame as lots of great people work for nhs . This person should not be able to treat people she thinks are stupid in doing so …. Sad person who can’t cope in the job . . . Get a paper round and avoid people . 😞😉🤫🤫🤫

Author: Mandy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Had appointment at 11.40 today - temp traffic lights along Heath rd outside surgery then check in computers not working. Queued to see receptionist behind 4 people who took ages. Got to the receptionist who told me I was late (11.44 mins) I said I've been here queuing. Nope you'll have to make another appointment. Ok let's do that - oh no I can't do that she said you'll have to go on Anima. The times I've had an appointment & had to wait sometimes up to an hour. I don't recall telling the Dr ' you're late'. Unbelievable!! Thinking of changing Drs.

Author: Mrs A
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Premises are new and clean as you would expect from recent infrastructure build. Admin and support nurses in the most are doing their best. Unfortunately staff are working with hands tied behind backs. 1. Seems to be limited GP support onsite, particularly in busy holiday periods. 2. Appointment slots are only possible for general population via online booking system called Anima - perhaps “enigma” is more fitting given name. Anima is a poorly set up patient booking platform that clearly only just made it through "beta" testing! But wait, there's more fun. This booking system is just for Greensands. Don't forget that there are two additional "systems" Uk residents must navigate to deal with any health appointments/information. 1) The NHS app (for hospital based GP appointments and 2) PatientKnowBest system. Both are an absolute nightmare to deal with as a reasonably cognitive individual as myself. These are just 3 of the 'hoops' one must navigate - or at least what I know so far. God help anyone with learning difficulties or the elderly! The local surgery "systems" (like anima) + NHS App + Patient Knows Best are making navigating an already stressful health issue/s experience completely unsatisfactory for all. Please can someone use some "joined up" thinking make this a simpler and more effective solution for all? It would be gracefully received by many. Might even help Maidstone A&E waiting times - where people who have given up trying to work out the admin go....🤔

Author: Jithu Menon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been waiting almost 6 months for the medical records of a family member that passed away. Phoned almost every week to chase up and still nothing. This practice does not care one bit about their patients. Shame on you.
