Practice: STURRY SURGERY
Canonical code: G82082
Postcode: CT2 0EF
Google Maps title: Sturry Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sturry+Surgery/@51.3035635,1.1248953,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47deca8109708fbf:0xa04da470001c4dda!8m2!3d51.3035602!4d1.1274756!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tpzkd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82082-sturry-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Hoso Byambatseren
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Gotta arrive 30 mins before your appointment, no parking spaces you end up waiting and then your appointment is gone LOL

Author: Michaela Burdett
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Michaela Burdett1 reviewa week ago New

Author: Hollie Evans
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We have had numerous disappointing experiences at Sturry Surgery, from long wait times before our appointments to receptionists who simply don’t care. This week however was a new low, a £60 fee and up to a 6 week wait to have a form signed to enable my husband to have a private cardiology appointment after suffering an expected mini heart attack. We have now moved surgeries and within the week emailed the form and at no extra fee or ridiculous wait time.

Author: Desert Green
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist on the phone talks at a million miles an hour at the loudest tone, and doesnt let you finish a sentence, that for sick people it's nauseating to listen to and try and communicate... felt more sick after talking to her than before I phoned up. I can appreciate they have to rush to get through calls but it's completely unprofessional and exactly the very reason I never visit the doctor and haven't for more than 10 years but since I could have a bacteria infection I was urged to get an appointment otherwise I wouldn't bother and just self medicate at home

Author: Wendy Jones
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Flu vax morning. Awful experience. Couldn't park. 25 min wait in queue in reception Nurse was very unpleasant. Receptionist was very nice and apologised for the wait.Many people wanted lots of time for a chat with the nurses. It's a vaxination morning. In, questions, jabs, out. This place is so poorly managed.

Author: Denise Claytoneryrvesws
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent staff all extremely helpful.

Author: Lucian Howells
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude and miserable staff

Author: John Lovestein
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery is incompetent, main reception is utterly awful. Try to phone at 5 to 8 and you will only get "the surgery is closed" but call bang on 8 and somehow I'm 42 on the waiting list. Surgery is pathetic and needs sorting out, I mean why the hell do you allow older people to book days ahead? Everyone gets ill but no I have to call same day and be number 42 on the list. Pathetically run surgery, cannot wait to move, sturry is the worst!

Author: Octeavia A
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery reception is incompetent, do not listen and try to pass you off to the next thing as quickly as possible. It could have been a short call, but they were too interested in sending me off somewhere else and their next call to listen to what I was saying. If you have a new receptionists which I know they do,make sure they have bedside manor or any manors at all. Context:appointment for nausea,dizziness,stomach pain, nose bleeds, and minor headaches. Called this morning after doing an econsult. The econsult said they can not continue, and I need to call my gp as this is serious. Call my gp, and they say we don't have appointments as a doctor is out sick. Absolutely fine. I asked if I could book ahead of time for another day, ignored it, or just wasn't listening. They say, "Have you been to the hospital?" I said yes, and the hospital said to go to gp. Gp then said to do an e consult, which i explained I did, and the econsult said to call the gp, which I was doing. Gp then went to check my econsult, which you can not as it is serious, so it does not continue with the questionnaire. It ends then tells you to contact the gp. They put me on hold anyway to find my econsult. They then come back and say my e consult has gone through for hearing loss. I said no if you were listening, that is not at all what I called about, and that is a completely different matter. This is how I knew they were not listening to a word I said. They put me on hold again. When back they said well they don't have appointments, so I need to go back to the hospital. The same hospital might I add that said to go to my gp. If both avenues say go to the gp, you would think they wouldn't suggest to waste time going over them again. I then said AGAIN can I get an appointment for a future appointment as this wasn't even offered and was ignored when I asked it earlier. I have one for 2 weeks from now. If you are not going to listen to patients' concerns and queries, don't work at a gp surgery. Tou are playing with people's lives. Unacceptable behaviour.

Author: luke kyle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service from the reception who make up excuses for the extremely poor performing doctors to the actual doctors who don't care and just want you on and out as soon as possible .getting prescriptions done properly Is nearly impossible without having to make multiple phone calls to chase them up and then they still send the wrong prescription through to the farmacy so you have to again wait on hold for long periods of time just to speak to a receptionist who trys to make fake excuses why it wasn't don't properly .don't waste your time with this surgery it's worth more travel time to get a surgery that actually knows what they are doing
