Practice: LEN VALLEY PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82093
Postcode: ME17 2QF
Google Maps title: The Len Valley Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 85
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Len+Valley+Practice/@51.2375842,0.7209309,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df29bc44a800b5:0x29dc866bbb1606ae!8m2!3d51.2375809!4d0.7235112!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tlbhvlg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82093-len-valley-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ronnie Richards
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
It seems they have cornered the market on bad mannered receptionists

Author: kymm moore
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lots of parking plus disabled bays, ramps up to front doors and grab rails. Automated doors. Reception was very clean and tidy. Big tv screen showing who's being called for their appointment visible by everyone. A Children's area, and adult seating.It has it's on dispensary for prescriptions. Friendly atmosphere, my appointment was top class.

Author: Олена (Олена Т.)
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Олена (Олена Т.)4 reviews2 weeks ago New

Author: M D
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Asked for a private referral over a month ago. Bare in mind this just needs a triage to assess and referral letter for in going gout. In the mean time I've had 2 flare ups, im currently on crutches, spasms in my leg and foot discoloured and time off work and I received a "tough luck" from the practice over the phone, they cant see me and i'm told to go to Faversham urgent treatment centre or 111. 111 have told me to now go to Maidstone hospital as Lenham practice don't want to know. Update from my last review and im dropping a star. I cannot fathom that i have a blood test and result notification 2 months ago, im then told they tried to phone twice... (they didnt and theres no log of them trying) and couldnt leave a voicemail (nobody else has an issue with doing so) to then ring up to be told i have to wait ANOTHER month becaude he can't send me an email or leave a message and i can't make an appointment because he feels the need to speak to me on the phone to discuss the results.. well god help me if it's urgent because a doctor sure as my life, won't.

Author: Lee
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you for sorting out tablets so quickly!

Author: Charlie Hotel Romeo Indigo Sierra Mike
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just awful. Took months to get a pharmacy review telephone appointment. Punished me for not completing one by halving my repeat prescription amount therefore costing me double to get the same amount of tablets with the added inconvenience of visiting this place twice per month rather than once, one particular receptionist was unbelievably rude to me. Worth saying that other receptionists are polite and respectful. Always found it unusual that many comment on the difficulty in getting a doctors appointment, yet when I collect my prescription it is always empty in the waiting room, its bizarre.

Author: Wendy Manser
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After waiting 2 weeks for a telephone appointment which was arranged by the nurse. I waited for the call, on the day, after 2 hours and no phone call I decided to telephone the surgery. The receptionist said I had missed my appointment because it was down as a face to face appointment. After ensuring her it was a telephone appointment that was arranged by the nurse.She said she would come back to me later in the day. After waiting a few hours I decided to phone them.I was told I would need to make a fresh appointment and the earliest appointment is one months time to see that particular GP l just couldn't believe it 😂

Author: Peter Stewart
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We tried out the new booking system online this morning. In the time it would have taken to get through on the phone previously we had received the fit note electronically and a call back with an appointment to see the doctor. Excellent service! In our experience the new system is working well!!

Author: georga capper
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst doctors surgery in the world… cannot get an appointment at all, not even if you have a chronic health issue, they tell you to go down to book but you wait there 2 people infeont or you and they say all appointments gone??? You have to go through 111, I’ve been 40th in the queue before its honestly absolutely shocking

Author: Kezza Louise
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always been a brilliant surgery for our family. Hard to get hold off but what surgery isn't with over crowding
