Practice: THE NEW SURGERY
Canonical code: G82086
Postcode: CT19 5SR
Google Maps title: The New Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 176
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+New+Surgery/@51.0891068,1.1792211,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47debecd5a5f88bd:0xce91899f3218e22e!4m8!3m7!1s0x47debecd5a9a7b3d:0x56d70579cafba73e!8m2!3d51.0891035!4d1.1818014!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfz9gjq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82086-the-new-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kirsty Noonan
Date: 22 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a really positive experience at the surgery. The staff were amazing—friendly, professional, and genuinely caring. They were also really helpful and efficient on the phone, which made everything much easier.

Author: James Mellish
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
James Mellish4 days ago New

Author: Alexander Kanalos
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alexander Kanalosa week ago New

Author: Rebecca Choules
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing.very good surgery, admin staff very helpful.Thankyou

Author: Marina Zaidi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery for ten years now. I believe that the new triage system has changed the whole system. Previously phones weren’t answered and trying to get an appointment seemed neigh on impossible. I had to go there today after making an appointment. They phoned me after I had sent message via this system . Saw very helpful Dr who issued me with a prescription which I took to the associated pharmacy . All in all I have started my tablets already and am hoping to be better after a week. Highly recommend.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind review and for being with the practice for the past ten years. It’s really encouraging to hear that the new triage system has made a positive difference to your experience, especially compared to how difficult it used to be to get through on the phones or secure an appointment. We’re pleased that your message was responded to promptly, that you were able to see a helpful doctor, and that you could collect your prescription straight away from the pharmacy. Providing quicker, more convenient access to care is exactly what the new system is designed to achieve. We truly appreciate your recommendation and your continued trust in the practice.

Author: James White
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is something to hide it as this got deleted This surgery is dangerous. . They cancelled two appointments in one week last week then failed to issue they're medication which led to a massive overdose. Dr. Malcolm nearly had a death on his hands because of his incompetence.

Author: Marsh Marsh
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is beyond awful. Gave incorrect diagnosis, lots of medical innacuracies on records and failed to diagnose what was actually wrong. They didn't do appropriate referrals either. Thankfully my new GP surgery found out what was wrong in the first consultation and I'm now under the care of 2 consultants. Complaint to the icb. UPHELD.

Author: Jonathon Proctor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I'm finding this surgery absolutely awful to deal with, they don't seem to care and find myself arguing with their practise management nearly every other week. i have serious concerns relating to this surgery

Author: Natalia Balbi
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
They have been really good to me in the last two years. The eConsult service is great. I have been seen/spoken to quickly and had my concerns heard.

Author: Michelle Grant
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give a minus star review I would. How this surgery is treating possible Cancer patients in-between the referral and the 1st consultation is horrendous (which isn't an actual consultation but a chat so they can tick the 2 week urgent referral box). Refusing point blank to see someone that is scared and is still hitting a plus 8 on the pain scale IS MEDICAL NEGLIGENCE. Have these doctors forgotten the oath that they took you know the one that says "FIRST DO NO HARM". Imagine telling a possible Cancer patient that is in pain and scared that "If they don't like it they are welcome to go elsewhere". 😡😡😡. *I wouldn't register there if they were the last place with spaces and they offered to pay me, I certainly wouldn't recommend this place at all.
