Practice: LOWFIELD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G82143
Postcode: DA1 1HP
Google Maps title: Lowfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 92
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lowfield+Medical+Centre/@51.442083,0.2131151,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8b1920d42c49d:0x9b428e24f203c8ae!8m2!3d51.4420797!4d0.2156954!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1xg5rydb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82143-lowfield-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Courtney Haych
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
BELIEVE THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS!!! I recently joined the surgery and the GP's removed medication that i had on repeat prescription with no communication or assessment to see how it was working for me etc, even after stating it was the only thing that worked hence why it was put on repeat prescription from a previous GP. Which they ignored, so i was left without to suffer. They refused to approve medication that i had on repeat for over 5 years that i take every 12 weeks. They kept rejecting my request for it and was overdue which had an effect on my health. I had to leave and go to another surgery to get my medication. I was refused a telephone appointment and wanted me to see them face to face to have a DISCUSSION that could be had over the phone and after admitting that they would not prescribe me anything if i attend face to face, so it was all just a waste of time like i do not work full time doing long shifts. I was only with them 2 months me and my partner had to leave.

Author: Adriana Garcia
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I attended this practice calmly and seeking help during a period of significant mental health struggle. I am autistic and have ADHD, severe anxiety and depression. Communication adjustments are essential for me. On two separate occasions, I left consultations with Dr Mary Vinothini Sivarajakulendran in tears and feeling significantly worse than when I arrived. During my most recent appointment, Dr Sivarajakulendran told me that I had been “begging” for an ADHD referral. This was the exact word used. I did not feel given adequate time to explain myself before conclusions were made. I later saw in my medical notes that I was described as “accusatory.” As a neurodivergent patient attending in a vulnerable mental health state, this experience was distressing. The reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because on a separate occasion I was seen by another doctor at this practice for a different issue, and that consultation was handled with kindness and professionalism. It showed that compassionate, human communication is possible. I hope the practice reflects seriously on how vulnerable and neurodivergent patients are spoken to and documented.

Author: Kuldeep Arora
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I moved to Lowfield Medical Centre a few months ago, and unfortunately my experience so far has been very poor. It is extremely difficult to get an appointment, even when calling exactly at 8am. Calls involve long queues, and urgent medical issues are not handled with the seriousness they require. On more than one occasion, despite clear urgency, no appointment was offered. The eConsult system is also ineffective. Requests either go unanswered, are delayed significantly, or result in being told to call the surgery again—defeating the purpose of having an online consultation system in the first place. Overall, there is a clear lack of accessibility, responsiveness, and continuity of care. This has been stressful and disappointing, especially when urgent medical support is needed. The level of service is well below what I would reasonably expect from a GP practice.

Author: Samuel Pitkin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Literally impossible to get an appointment. Have tried numerous times over the past year and never managed to get an appointment.

Author: Jeroen Vannevel
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I see others complaining about the catchment area and I'll include myself in that. I'm in DA1 and this is by far the closest GP (<10min walk) yet I'm outside their area. For some reason the area stretches 4km south and only 400m north of the practice.

Author: Dagoth Ur
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The doctor was ok very blunt and that was it. To become a doctor you should care compassion you lack this go work elsewhere

Author: Judy Barranda
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful service and rude reception. I was told to come at 10:30 then send a last minute message to say 10:20 now I turned up before 10:30 greeted them 2 times and I was just ignored then later on was told I can’t be seen anymore because I was late. I have not been to GP for years thank God and more reason not to use their service really. Receptions don’t seem happy with their work and no empathy to people. Awful!

Author: Paul Ogunremi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m really pleased with the way my doctor attended to me. She gave me attention and wonderful medical advice on my situation. I’ll recommend this surgery to any one. Thanks. God bless

Author: andrew caird
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Child trust centre if you dont wanna wait like the rest of us then stay in your own country and not clog up out system at least without one least we get a chance to see our doctors and nurses dont like it removed yourself

Author: David Strachan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A breath of fresh air! Compared to experiences at another local practice the service from Lowfield Medical Centre was exceptional for the following reasons: The phone was answered within a couple of minutes when I called. The receptionist was polite and not intrusive. My appointment was booked for within 24 hours of the phone call. I was seen at the appointment time. At the appointment, the Doctor was polite, concise and clear. As I say, a breath of fresh air. A service that many in the UK yearn for.
