Practice: WOODLANDS HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: G82118
Postcode: TN12 6AX
Google Maps title: Woodlands Health Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodlands+Health+Centre/@51.180849,0.3823646,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df37f79ab1259f:0xa99cc6b8ec490c82!8m2!3d51.1808457!4d0.3849449!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tnmq_l8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82118-woodlands-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: L A
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
What a joke this surgery is . I work 9-5 and have weekends off . Can't book a blood test past the time I finish work . Can't book one for a weekend it's a joke . My partner needs blood tests doing who also works long hours with the NHS to be don't told they can't do it for over a month ! This is a pure joke and this the NHS and doctors surgeries are completely broken and waste of time . Looks like il be paying private from now on .

Author: Eliah English
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The new online triage system has been an absolute game-changer. Submitting matters is now quick, clear, and incredibly efficient, and I’ve been genuinely impressed by how fast everything is reviewed and allocated. Every time I’ve used it, my queries have been triaged promptly and dealt with far more quickly than before. It’s taken a huge amount of friction out of the process and made getting support feel seamless and responsive. A brilliant improvement — thank you to everyone involved in setting this up.

Author: Sumeyra Yaman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's near impossible to get through to reception. I've tried calling around 5 times yesterday to no avail. Today I've been on the phone waiting in the queue for 2hrs (!) and I've only moved from 10th place to 2nd in that time frame. And after ALL OF THAT TIME the GP just hung up on my call. This is just ridiculous. All I wanted to do was reschedule an appointment (that I couldn't reschedule any other way). It takes around 10-20 minutes to move a single spot in the queue, and I just really can't understand why. I can't imagine people are on the phone to reception for that long. I also work full time so having to stay on the phone for this long is really difficult. 2 hours on the phone waiting only to be hung up on. Absolutely disgraceful.

Author: Sue Beaumont
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My rating is purely for Dr Gilani personally. She has been wonderfully support, caring and efficient to the extent of follow up phone calls to see how i am doing. I have numerous medical issues and ahe is doing her best to make life bearable. If I rates rhe practice as a whole it would be a one star. It has be one very impersonal and telephone system diabolical.

Author: Martin Reeves
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No one is interested in the surgery I have recently had sepsis and had some problems after leaving hospital but the surgery offered me no after care whatsoever, I also have severe osteoarthritis in my left knee which I had to pay for privately because no one was interested i need another steroid injection for the pain but they again have palmed it onto someone else so it wont happen, this case is two years old now , ive been in agony for a year and a half but no one in the surgery gives a damn

Author: Paul
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
PaulLocal Guide · 91 reviews · 11 photos3 months ago

Author: S WHITTAKER
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was told by my doctor my hoarse voice was minimal and referred me to the chemist who referred me back to no avail. After the emergency doctor made an appointment with the ENT I was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer of the larynx. Not bad for minimal. Woodlands ha

Author: Natalie Baker
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Natalie BakerLocal Guide · 63 reviews · 54 photos4 months ago

Author: YI-CHIN wu
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to report an NHS nurse Mrs. Kayla Thorpe in Woodland health centre in 1-7 Allington Rd, Paddock Wood, Tonbridge TN12 6AW. I have been to the do the diabetes test which has been advised by the doctor. First of all, when I went in, she does not know why I was there for and try to refuse my test by telling me that I have done the test two years ago. I explained to her, my eyes went blind once and I had a few cellulitis in two month time , I ended up three courses of antibiotics. I let her know the doctor wanted me to check again, the test last time was out of date. She still tried to push me back by saying I don't need the test. Her attitude is like she doesn't want to do her job and she does not want to be there. In the end, after she pushed me back , she finally took my blood to do my diabetes test, she doesn't even have any cotton balls with her, she just gave me a tissue to stop my blood. Mrs Kayla, is an unprofessional NHS worker who does not want to do her job, and she refused to give the patient test/treatment. She should not be there to serve patients. Her service is no good.

Author: Hilary Rodrigues
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hilary Rodrigues3 reviews5 months ago
