Practice: WEST MALLING GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82135
Postcode: ME19 4JF
Google Maps title: West Malling Group Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Malling+Group+Practice/@51.2717167,0.3998864,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWEST+MALLING+GROUP+PRACTICE+ME19+4JF!3m8!1s0x47df35dcdaf63c59:0x86c0086a761ed273!8m2!3d51.2717134!4d0.4024667!9m1!1b1!15sCiRXRVNUIE1BTExJTkcgR1JPVVAgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgTUUxOSA0SkaSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11c1wrlnl1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82135-west-malling-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Daniel West
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Just so difficult to get an appointment - Once there all good, but actually getting to see anyone, especially with a challenging and limiting appointment booking platform is most frustrating.

Author: Faye Rodwell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I am leaving this review with deep sadness and anger at the role West Malling Group Practice played in my sister’s stage 4 cancer diagnosis. Over a prolonged period, my sister repeatedly raised serious symptoms and concerns. These were not acted on with the urgency they warranted. Opportunities for earlier investigation, referral, and escalation were missed. By the time her cancer was finally diagnosed, it had progressed to an advanced, incurable stage. In my view, this represents a serious failure of care, communication, and clinical judgement. The emotional devastation this has caused our family is immeasurable, and the consequences for my sister’s health are life-changing. Patients rely on their GP practice to listen, investigate properly, and advocate for them when something is clearly wrong. That did not happen here. I sincerely hope this practice reflects on what went wrong and makes changes so that no other family has to experience the same avoidable harm.

Author: Victoria Rodwell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give this doctors surgery -10000 I would. The worst doctors surgery misdiagnosed my friend after repeated attempts of telling them. She was ill, now she has been diagnosed with stage 4 oesophageal cancer at 31. After over 16 months of several appointments and them fobbing her off. Prescribing her with anti-depressants, laxatives and anti-acids tablets. An absolute disgrace. You have ruined her life with your incompetence.

Author: Liz Alexander
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shockingly rude! Unhelpful and defensive reception staff.

Author: Gemma Lamb-Hayward
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
2 really bad experiences recently on the phone Rude and unhelpful.

Author: H K
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude to my girlfriend on the phone for no reason because she couldn't make the appointment they just decided to give her in 30 mins with no way of getting to the surgery on time. To then have signs up asking to treat the staff with respect when we visit for an appointment is a bit of a contradiction. Jumped up little troll.

Author: Joanne stainer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Totally incompetent.. They managed to lose important paperwork and wanted to charge for the form to be signed which was reissued.!!! No apologies from the reception staff at all!!!! So much for compassion !!!!! 😡😡😡 …

Author: Lauren Hill
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wonderful people and an amazing practise that try to do their up most for people, and under such a huge amount of pressure! Being polite and understanding has always got me support and the care I need. Sharon you are amazing and thank you to all the team again.

Author: Bryan Benn
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Updated on 29 October 2025 as I don't seem able to write another review. I've needed help with an issue returning after many years. That has meant two appointments with Mrs Cooper the relevant nurse, the second of those today. Both times she has been very helpful indeed, carefully listening to my concerns and addressing them. Plus leaving me the option of a further appointment if I need that. Nursing at its very best, thank you so much Mrs Cooper and West Malling Group Practice. I'm only sorry I can't give another five stars. Now back to my original review: Yesterday I needed to get a non-regular prescription and, not realising that Anima had a 'message the doctor' facility, I dropped a note into the Leybourne Surgery. Within minutes I was getting calls and texts from Leyboune, to very nicely tell me that the request had been put on Anima for me. Then, not long after, a call/text I think from Kings Hill Surgery to say a prescription had been emailed to my normal pharmacy and the offer of seeing a nurse at a later date that I immediately booked. Wonderfully friendly and very helpful service from, I think, both surgeries. Thank you so very much ladies.

Author: Rachel Betts
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to leave some feedback re Dr Shetty who has been brilliant. I found a strange lump back in July and not only did I get a same day appointment with her, she has followed up with me on the next steps of my care. I now have a hospital appointment booked next month. Thank you Dr
