Practice: BETHESDA MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G82105
Postcode: CT9 3NR
Google Maps title: Bethesda Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 200
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bethesda+Medical+Centre/@51.391888,1.4039608,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d953855ef64893:0x53480c7356100c80!8m2!3d51.3918847!4d1.4065411!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td4nzhd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82105-bethesda-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mr Messy
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I remember when the GP's were a pillar of of the community. NOT here I was shocked how a young Dr spoke to me yesterday. Took weeks to finally see a Dr, then dispute me clearly being in pain she was areagant rude and declined to review my issues. Telling me to leave as she had other patients to see when she'd made no attempt to support or investigate my illness. Is this how they train young Dr's these days, to be arrogant and rude to patients. Non-stop excuses from reception as to why you can't be seen The whole experience is terrible and I suggest Bethesda Medical Practice is not fit for purpose.

Author: Sarah Body
Date: Edited 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking practice,they lie about texting you to cancel your appointment two hours before your appointment to cover their own backs,I even checked my text messages Infront of them,all there were was appointment reminders.

Author: Francesco Roych
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I hope this clinic will get closed very soon, they are unreliable and unprofessional. Avoid at all costs if you want to stay mentally healthy

Author: Joseph O'Brien
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely pointless place, unless you want there vaccine or flu shot you have no chance of getting seen. The guardians of the galaxy (receptionist) is there to stop you seeing a doctor. I have decided I don’t need these guys, I can make my own mind up to go hospital when it gets bad, as this is all they do. When there not starving our old people or denying them end of life medication, they don’t know what to do with themselves. Completely pointless maybe to get a sick if needed but that’s only after we self cert for the first week, do we need these centres.

Author: Kevin Heffer
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Wait 17 days for a urgent blood test

Author: Gabe “Gabe”
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Finally doing this after yet another miserable appointment. This time with Dr Karamat. She's abrasive, abrupt and in my experience, condescending. I'm fed up with my surgery. The worst experience was with the mental health nurse, who had disclosed that she was transferred from another surgery due to some 'misunderstanding' and also said I'd be lucky if I got any help, there's nothing out there! This is the most unprofessional response I've ever had from a specialist! She was also cold, bullish and unsympathetic. The third issue to raise, which is so insulting, is the receptionist still asking for reason for the appointment, whilst I'm in a queue in an open area with other patients! I don't want to disclose my personal concerns to everyone! And there's a small issue of client confidentiality which they seem to completely ignore! This happens time and time again. They expect us to all be polite and yet their own manners are appalling.

Author: Anna Tunstall
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Anna Tunstall10 reviews · 5 photosEdited a month ago

Author: Ruby
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking practice. Such long waits for appointments, and it seems they never have appointments for the same day available. I waited 2 weeks for an appointment for my child for a health condition that affects them daily, and causes us both a lot of distress. I then had this appointment cancelled on the day. When I phoned to rebook at 8:40am when you would assume they should still have some appointments left, they could not give me another appointment until 3 days later. I also will be waiting 3 weeks for a routine blood test (that I requested almost 2 months ago face to face and the Dr forgot to schedule) and 3 weeks for a smear test. I recently moved from London, where my GP practice would facilitate same day or next day appointments even when booking them at midday or onwards. How Bethesda operates is madness, I wish I didn't have to use this practice.

Author: Lewis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely rude staff with a complete lack of understanding of any medical issue or how a patient might be feeling even after being given a detailed description. They deny treatment to anyone with or without a diagnosed condition. Then when the patient is left upset and stressed staff then say they are being rude or abusive. I have never known anything like it in my life. Nor know anyone else experiencing such a thing outside of Bethesda.

Author: jason stephens
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Think it was Helen who saw me. Got an appointment that morning and she was great. God bless the nhs.
