Practice: KING GEORGE ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: G82108
Postcode: ME5 0TT
Google Maps title: King George Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 46
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/King+George+Road+Surgery/@51.3498661,0.5165077,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8cd2a53bdd631:0x8719a2a07a44ba66!8m2!3d51.3498628!4d0.519088!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4yj9t8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82108-king-george-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Max Kar
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
Sadly since the Pandemic the Gp service has changed dramatically in terms of availability and discretion that is given to specific medical needs for individual patients. I have been a patient of this practice for many years. I've always been polite and professional even when I've found the Receptionists to be unsupportive and treated as just another number when you call. On this specific occasion -with a history of long term blood disorder, I rang to see if I could get an appointment to speak with the GP...a two week wait or 3 weeks for a face to face appointment. Wow! Obviously, as I explained to the Receptionist , ideally, I need a blood test to check my levels . I was told there were no appointments of any kind and to ring back the following Monday!...its a known fact that receptionists can be inherently rude at times and off-putting to say the least . I understand they receive hundreds of calls and I'm just another number, another caller, etc. However, do they not accept that it's frustrating and very scary to be faced with not knowing who to turn to in a case where you are genuinely worried and that you were hospitalised prior as an emergency. I'm not a hypochondria but my health is paramount like many of us. A change of attitude is all that's needed. Certainly, receptionists should be trained in being more conducive towards patients who are polite and are not aggressive. I also have noticed that RECEPTIONISTS aren't always descrerete when dealing with patients. Id rather not be asked "Are you still taking......" in full view and I front of people in t he waiting Room. Either write it down or speak extremely quietly. I value my privacy but common sense tells you as a Receptionist in a Gp practice discretion and professionalism. Otherwise on the whole, a good practice .

Author: Danii R
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve recently moved to a new city and was genuinely gutted to have to leave this GP service. I can’t think of a time when they were rude or unhelpful. I always felt like they had my best interests at heart. All the receptionists, nurses and doctors are lovely. I’m really sad to leave this GP behind!

Author: Ben Blake
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to make an appointment for my partner as she had pailful ears for a few days now, hasn’t been sleeping properly to the point she’s had to take a week off of work, instead of giving her an appointment to make sure what is actually wrong with her, she gets a message saying that it could be an infection, do you have superpowers or you really good at guessing? How can you call yourself a doctors without actually seeing patients!

Author: Paula Prawl
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good staff at this practice very helpful.

Author: Darren Chown
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sadly I have had to use the surgery quite a lot recently due to illness, the receptionists have been amazing and the care I have received from the doctors as been incredible.

Author: Lisa
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have decided to leave this practice due to some experiences that made me feel unsupported, particularly regarding mental-health concerns. During a recent visit, I felt very uncomfortable when confidential information about my cancelled appointment was discussed at the reception desk in a way that could be overheard. Trust, compassion, and respect for patient privacy are essential, especially for mental-health care. Whilst I spoke to one of the GPs who was a bit more patient and understanding, overall the practice did not provide the level of support or privacy I need. For these reasons, I felt I had no choice but to seek care elsewhere.

Author: jck p
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm really happy with this GP practice. I know it can be a bit tricky to get an appointment sometimes, but they do offer options if you really need them. The reception staff are friendly and helpful, and they do their best to accommodate patients despite how busy the practice can be. They no longer seem to shy away from referring patients to specialists or arranging further examinations, which used to be the case under the “old regime.” They’re more compassionate now and actually listen to their patients. The practice nurse is a true professional, and her blood-taking skills are second to none. It’s a massive and positive change from what I remember this practice used to be. Thank you!

Author: Jacqueline Hughes
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
What a brilliant surgery. They are a small surgery but manage to provide so much of the care in house without patients having to travel miles. Dr Sofowora are just the best. So glad I switched.

Author: elainesims sims
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thankyou so so much for responding so quickly to a rush request for meds for a palliative care patient. You’ve all been so helpful through the process on this occasion and before.

Author: elena jayne
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant experiences so far at the Surgery. Kind and friendly.
