Practice: OTFORD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82125
Postcode: TN14 5RB
Google Maps title: Otford Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 69
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Otford+Medical+Practice/@51.3142808,0.1883344,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df4d7c9187628f:0xa55fdfec48dcbfc3!8m2!3d51.3142775!4d0.1909147!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdgjj_l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82125-otford-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Liz Anderson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
Since Covid, the appointment system changed to accommodate the situation - minimal contact; the Practice appears to be adopting the same ruling, 6 years on. The online booking system is not as efficient as speaking to a receptionist to book an appointment, and not able to put in a request, due to a 'cut-off' point in place, can be frustrating to say the least. Very occasionally the system works. This is not about the NHS, but organisation and better systems to make life easier for all?

Author: Luke
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Know your rights: You CAN arrange appointments and prescriptions over the phone. Do not accept claims to the contrary. For anyone at Otford Medical Practice to insist that you use an online form is not legally defensible. Stating this is usually enough to get them to back down. However, if they were to choose to debate this, feel free to cheerfully correct them on their obligations to the public. OBLIGATION ONE Otford Medical Practice is obligated, under the GP contract, to adhere to the NHS England patient charter. The charter states "You can choose the way you contact your practice based on what is best for you" and explicitly lists "Call them" as an option for how to do this. (Source: https://www.england.nhs.uk/long-read/you-and-your-general-practice-english/?utm_source=chatgpt.com#what-happens-when-you-contact-your-practice-to-request-an-appointment) OBLIGATION TWO Otford Medical Practice is obligated by UK law to provide "reasonable adjustments" under the 2010 Equality Act. You have legal protections under this act, if you have - a physical impairment (e.g. mobility, visual, hearing) - a mental health condition (e.g. depression, PTSD) - a neurodevelopmental condition (e.g. dyslexia, ADHD, autism/ASD) - a cognitive impairment (e.g. dementia) As such, employees of Otford Medical Practice are legally allowed to say "We normally ask patients to complete our online form...” but not legally allowed to say "You must complete our online form." (Source: https://www.gov.uk/guidance/accessibility-requirements-for-public-sector-websites-and-apps) COMPLAINTS The NHS England patient charter states "If you don’t feel comfortable raising issues directly with the practice, you can contact your Integrated Care Board (ICB)" For patients of Otford Medical Practice, details of your local Integrated Care Board can be found here: https://www.kentandmedway.icb.nhs.uk/how-to-contacts-us

Author: Gillian Roberts
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I am having problems trying to order repeat prescriptions on the Anima website. It is most definitely not tailored for partially-sighted or disabled patients. Ive been a patient at the Otford surgery for almost 40 years. Is there an easier way to get a repeat prescription without having to jump through so many hoops? My eyesight is poor and I am disabled and it is difficult for me to keep getting up from the computer to get verification. My mobile phone is not always on. Im not mobile, so I dont use a mobile phone in the house. I would be grateful for advice.

Author: Māyā
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most of the reception staff are extremely rude and unhelpful. Doctors are dismissive of your issues. Nothing ever gets resolved nor can you get in touch with the practice.

Author: Stephen Manley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I contacted the Otford surgery as l had a medical problem that needed an appointment with a Doctor. The online system was not working for me, so l contacted the receptionist who talked me through the system and l completed my request. I was seen on the day by the doctor and have hopefully a resolution to my problem. Everybody was helpful and courtesy, which was a great improvement over my last GP practice. WELL DONE.

Author: Marie Wise
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I couldnt have praised otford enough before but now with this new online form and not being able to do anything over the phone it is the worst People's life's aren't 9til5 anymore , having to get online at a certain time isnt possible for all , bring given an appointment without being asked when is suitable does not work The form online is to long and some people dont like putting personal information online for anyone to see

Author: Kirsten Winter
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy with the experiences I made so far

Author: Lisa Cutting
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Done my online request this morning at 10am got a call from the doctors at 11.30 to give me a 3.30 appointment today. Got to the surgery at 3 sat down and within minutes got called in. Was in and out with a prescription by 3.15

Author: Julie Spencer
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since moving house and changing Drs to this practice I can’t believe the difference . Appointment system works well and friendly and helpful staff . My rating may change though since my son has been asked to get his ADHD meds elsewhere 😡 watch this space ….. …

Author: Debbie Beckett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today had to call as asthma peak flow 150.. Booked in 12..then they call me back for earlier appointment 11.10 . I cannot express how the Doctors working so hard and wasted no time to see patients..even the nurse .after I saw my Doctor I went to reception to say good bye and thank you.I said I see you again tomoz for re dress on leg.. hang on I will see if nurse can do it today..so you csn rest the rest of the week ..amazing ..the nurse squeezed me in bless her. The reception team are all very helpful And thank you Julie for helping me so much As always ..Gold ⭐️star Otford Surgery
