Practice: REDWOOD PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82185
Postcode: DA1 2HA
Google Maps title: Redwood Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 112
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Redwood+Practice/@51.4458932,0.2045174,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8b1ec43a01a85:0xec4e88ffe6e8888b!8m2!3d51.4458899!4d0.2070977!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfpz2yj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82185-redwood-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Fiorini
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
David Fiorini4 days ago New

Author: Maurizio Romeo
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Mante is a brillaint doctor, always on the side of the patient. He is very professional ,competent and understading .. a great assett for Redwood practice. And also the staff in there is kind and helpful

Author: Helenia R
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
In 7 years with them I have always received an outstanding service . They are excellent in diagnosis and treatments,

Author: Sanju Poyyara
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sanju PoyyaraLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 8 photosa month ago

Author: Alfy Cullen
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not take an appointment with Dr Mante. He is incredibly rude and will rush you out the door.

Author: Laura Hurley-Barrett
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Without doubt the worst surgery in DARTFORD and it’s got worse and worse over the past few years. Some of the receptionists still blaming Covid !! They don’t answer and when you go to the surgery whilst still on hold they are sitting having a chat. Can’t use the new on line booking service as it’s always down or no appointments so it’s clearly another thing that’s not working , the staff are often rude and you can’t even get a routine blood sample result for 12 weeks. I can’t believe in this day and age that this is how a surgery can be run and managed. Horrendous service and it’s so upsetting and frustrating. It used to be such a wonderful surgery. But now the way they treat people is just awful.

Author: Michael Lee
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am a new patient here and I have been spoken to respectfully, treated kindly and everything has been clear and concise from the receptionists and the doctors.

Author: leonard barnes
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to take a moment to highlight the incredible support I received from Anita at The Redwood Practice. From the very start, she was patient, understanding, and genuinely committed to helping me resolve my login issue with the GP system. Not only did she guide me through the technical hiccup with calm professionalism, but she also went above and beyond by helping me book my appointment and even assisting me over the phone to complete the appointment questionnaire. Her kindness and clarity made the entire process smooth and stress-free. Anita is an absolute star 🌟 — the kind of person who turns a stressful situation into a positive experience. The Redwood Practice is lucky to have her, and I’m incredibly grateful for her help. Thank you, Anita!

Author: michael patman
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
michael patman7 months ago

Author: Andrew K
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst place in my neighborhood, if you need any help please AVOID!!! 2 stars on Google tell you everything! From the beginning, after visiting A&E Darent Valley Hospital and Eye clinic ( SEVERE EYE INJURY ) advised to contact GP and get a referral for an X-ray, ok I went personally to Redwood Practice - Dartford, I explain the whole situation at the reception. Emphasizing how serious the situation is, I heard that I have to go home and fill out the form online. Ok, I sent the form. I received a response from a doctor who hadn't seen me. That everything is ok, and that Redwood Practice - Dartford he sees no reason to help me. So I sent another form, and I got a call from the reception, that I should go to the eye clinic again, and bring the letter, then maybe someone can help me. So a professional driver, with a hole in his eye, an eye full of blood and tears, hears a refusal to help, from the woman at the reception who is drinking coffee and eating cake, and from a doctor who answers online. In the past, after a car accident, they also sent me home without providing any help. Every visit here is like this: the doctor enters your symptoms into Google and the game of roulette begins. It's much better to pay a few pounds and get professional help somewhere else. Redwood Practice - Dartford will make you a cripple, and then no one will fix it anymore. Please think very carefully before calling for help from Redwood Practice - Dartford West Health Centre, Tower Rd, Dartford DA1 2HA. It is also suspicious that the 5 star reviews are from friends of people working there, If you have a second check the people who work there and their friends on social media.
