Practice: HIGHPARKS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82100
Postcode: ME3 8HX
Google Maps title: Highparks Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Highparks+Medical+Practice/@51.4330648,0.4425114,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHIGHPARKS+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+ME3+8HX!3m8!1s0x47d8ceebdf6fae25:0xd0dca297ec53ac11!8m2!3d51.4565607!4d0.4970777!9m1!1b1!15sCiJISUdIUEFSS1MgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBNRTMgOEhYWiQiImhpZ2hwYXJrcyBtZWRpY2FsIHByYWN0aWNlIG1lMyA4aHiSAQZkb2N0b3KaAURDaTlEUVVsUlFVTnZaRU5vZEhsalJqbHZUMjVhTUdSV1pESldiRXAyVlVkV01tUnRhRmROU0ZaaFlWYzBkMDlXUlJBQuABAPoBBAgAEEo!16s%2Fg%2F1w0h6sdf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82100-highparks-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tony
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
A terrible medical practice. Spent nearly four hours trying to speak to a receptionist. Whether it is bad management or NHS overcrowding this medical practice adds insult to injury by condescending comments about abusive behaviour when ringing. Spent three hours trying to speak to a receptionist. No answer. No email, No call back available. The bottom of the barrel as far as medical practices are concerned.

Author: Freya Green
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Freya GreenLocal Guide · 3 reviews · 2 photos2 months ago

Author: Margarita Maxwell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent, efficient, professional Reception Staff at Cliffe Wood Surgery. In particular an extremely helpful, friendly techno- savvy Receptionist called Tracey who went above and beyond her duty of care to assist me with some huge problems I had with my NHS App. Regards M M Maxwell

Author: Danny Climpson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Amenable staff working under sometimes difficult conditions when dealing with the public.

Author: Matthew Clifford
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Matthew CliffordLocal Guide · 36 reviews · 3 photosa year ago

Author: Paul Butler
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Aside from the saga involved in arranging an appointment in the mornings. The practice through it's Doctors and Nursing staff provide a excellent service. They are on top of treatment needs issuing repeated reminders via texts regarding upcoming appoints etc They provide an expedient service for repeat prescriptions. This is happening at a time when there is gross under funding.

Author: Sapper baileybridge
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I will give the one star for the the receptionist who was polite, and nothing against her. After waiting for a month to have a five mins chat over the phone, only to be told to have a blood test. Managed a blood test quickly, however nurse was so rude. Needed to make another appointment for weight and height really I know that already, then needed to make another to finish the chat...in the first place..Then went to make another appointment, none available to book, online form closed AM due to full on two days in a row. Spent 2hrs in a queue that never got below 10 waiting. Lucky for unlimited calls Result by text, but results were nothing to do with what they they were for. I'm sorry but really!!! Don't bother needing anything as you get nowhere. I wish I could say in my job, it was not my job or not in our policy. Shocking, what happened to doctor's service. Please do not bother answer "your feedback is important and we you will reflect" As that's not true either. Shame as it used to be such good service.

Author: Charlotte Proud
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
(Posting under a false name) I called up the higham surgery to get my results printed out about my scans & blood test for fertility as I had a private gynaecology appointment, the operator told me to go into the surgery and ask them to print them which I did the lady at the doctors reception that assisted me was sitting the other side of the room and couldn’t be bothered to get up to come and talk to me at the desk so I was having to shout over all my personal information that everyone could hear in the doctors waiting room about my infertility problems the only time she could be bothered to get up was to put paper in the printer and to pass me the print outs, not good at all very bad service and very degrading shouldn’t have to shout your personal information all the way across the room because the receptionist wants to be idle, at the same time another receptionist was taking a call close to the front desk so no doubt whoever was on the phone heard all about my health problems as well as all the people waiting for their appointment, terrible really

Author: Joey D
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I wouldn't even give this one star but unfortunately to leave a review, you have too! I have been with Cliffe Woods and Wainscott surgery for over 15 years and had a problem pre-covid but since covid it is an absolute joke of a surgery, I gave it the benefit of the doubt through the height of covid but even today they just don't care and won't even see anyone. They surgery is shocking. I would never recommend this place to anyone!!!!!

Author: Demowe Demulder
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Demowe DemulderLocal Guide · 116 reviews · 2,406 photos4 years ago
