Practice: SUTTON VALENCE GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82229
Postcode: ME17 3BD
Google Maps title: Sutton Valence Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sutton+Valence+Surgery/@51.2112278,0.5914608,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df2fb03159d913:0xa78f760b7308e2f2!8m2!3d51.2112245!4d0.5940411!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w0p4xkk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82229-sutton-valence-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Melissa Comins
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful practice so regret moving to the surgery. But can’t get in anywhere else. Countless issues so much so I get anxiety going there.

Author: Michael Ambler
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Michael Ambler3 reviews · 7 photosa week ago New

Author: Adam Ormrod
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
New to the surgery but great service and lovely staff. Thanks!

Author: James Bailey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely Poor Administration and Patient Care Our experience with Sutton Valence Surgery since November 2025 has been nothing short of unacceptable. Our son is under the care of Great Ormond Street Hospital. In September 2025, they advised that he should receive the chicken pox vaccine as a precaution due to his medical condition. This recommendation was also confirmed by Maidstone Hospital, who formally wrote to the surgery. Following this, Dr William Sahadeo Mangar, a partner at the surgery, wrote to us inviting us to book an appointment for the vaccination. We booked promptly and attended the appointment, only to be told on arrival that they did not have the vaccine in stock and it would not be available until January 2026. The nurse was apologetic, but this should have been identified before inviting us in. In January 2026, I called again to arrange the vaccination. I was then told they would no longer administer it, despite the previous written invitation and the clear medical recommendations. I was advised to wait another two years until his next routine immunisations. Given our son’s medical history and specialist advice, this response was deeply concerning. After multiple phone calls from me due many broken promises from the surgery to call me back which caused considerable stress, and only after I insisted they review their records, they located the original letter from Dr Mangar and agreed to order the vaccine. An appointment was booked for 6th February. Due to surgery closure for two days, it was rescheduled for today. My partner attended today’s appointment only to be asked if we had the vaccine for them to administer, they had no record of ordering the vaccine! This has been months of miscommunication, contradictory information, poor record-keeping, and repeated administrative failures, all relating to a medically recommended vaccination for a child under specialist care. The lack of coordination and accountability is extremely worrying. We are now out of pocket and very close to being out of our minds due to the stress this has caused. Families dealing with complex medical needs should not have to fight this hard for basic follow-through. While there are some good doctors at the surgery, they are being severely let down by what appears to be consistently poor front-of-house administration. The recurring issues we experienced stemmed from reception and administrative handling, lost records, conflicting information, and failure to order the vaccine despite clear written instruction.

Author: Maureen Tibbitts
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned this morning after finding a lump, lady asked if an appointment in a few weeks was ok??? I said I would prefer earlier and she said I had to go onto the web site to get an appointment. Found my computer and went on the website, where it says you can phone for an appointment!!!! but it wouldn't let me book one online. says it was closed.

Author: Martyn Pope
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Still hasn't changed in terms of tardiness, sloppiness & insane can't be botheredness!!! Why do they bother? Just to get paid by turning up in the morning & pretending to do their jobs?

Author: C “Ccreations” B
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
One member of staff who I can’t thank enough is Kate Goode, makes effort to listen to your health concerns and helps as much as she can x

Author: Graham Hutson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wanted to thank you for the excellent service you provided me yesterday reviewing my results and getting me referred. I'm quick to moan when it doesn't go well so it's only fair praise when you when it does. Thank you.

Author: Esther
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely Awful Doctors 🥼 I have been on a waiting list for over 2 YEARS !!! I HAVE PULLED 5 teeth out myself!!! ..cannot eat talk and in pain not been out for over 5 years But one member of the staff LESLIE is ACTUALLY TRYING TO HELP PRAISE THE LORD …

Author: Mrbiccies
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have to wait a month just to get a telephone appointment, this is not acceptable. The NHS is truly broken.
