Practice: ST JOHN'S MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82205
Postcode: TN13 3NT
Google Maps title: St John's Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 119
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+John's+Medical+Practice/@51.2849706,0.1927385,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df4d8d275acc27:0x633a114a852dac73!8m2!3d51.2849673!4d0.1953188!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vnrpx2z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82205-st-johns-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richard Lewis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I use E Consult and it works perfectly, a phone back in 24 hours and a face to face consultation if required within days with very constructive conversations. Thank you.

Author: Katie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctor was extremely rude and unprofessional. Won’t be seeing her again. Went in because my skin condition has flared and she said nothing she could do and said just ‘wear makeup , get good makeup’

Author: Graham Turner
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP service ever avoid at all costs

Author: Richard Heywood
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wish I could give 0 stars or minus 10 they are shocking and the reception staff seem to belive they have the rights to ask what they want. they are exceptionaly rude and unkind what a disgrace they are you need a doctor and all you get is a snotty receptionist telling you there's nothing for weeks joke of a place I'm moving doctors 10000000 percent they do have great doctors and nurses when you get to see them but its interchangeable I would still change

Author: fraser
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Absolute shambles, given incorrect advice twice from front desk, left hand doesn’t know what the right hand is doing. More training and investment required. Seems like they just want you fobbed off and move onto the next one.

Author: Samantha Wardrop
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionists are helpful and polite.The doctors and nurses are professional and very good.Ive never had any problems at this surgery

Author: rosie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is an absolute nightmare. I’ve been trying to get an appointment for three weeks, and when I finally managed to get one, the receptionist had booked me under a completely different patient with the same surname because they didn’t even bother to check my first name – completely incompetent. Every time I call, I’m told there aren’t enough doctors, yet it’s the patients who are left suffering. The receptionists act like gatekeepers, making judgments on whether they think your issue is “serious enough” to be seen, which is both unprofessional and dangerous. After weeks of stress and frustration, I’ve honestly lost all hope with this place. I don’t even work, and I find it impossible – I can’t imagine how anyone with a full-time job is supposed to actually get care here. Patients deserve so much better than this shambles of a service.

Author: MotionlessShows
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I never seem to get apointments and i very rarely get listend to when i do manage to see someone

Author: Issy Richmond
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’d like to congratulate the surgery, particularly the prescription administrator, for being attentive and very helpful when assisting me with a prescription request. The service was swift, respectful , pro active and my issue was solved without complication and within a few hours. Thank you so much.

Author: Tom Housden
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I used to love being with St John's, in the days of Doctor Susan Toothill, as she was my permanent doctor and knew everything about my Cerebral Palsy and Epilepsy.. Nowadays I don't have a permanent doctor, and that's really frustrating! I wanted something done about my scoliosis so went to see a visiting physio at the surgery in February this year. I was promised a referral to a scoliosis specialist - December and still nothing. I had an MRI scan, as my arm was hurting, which showed an imflamed tendon in my right shoulder. Telephone appointment (not face-to-face) resulted in recommendation of painkillers, which in turn made my more wobbly and headachey, so I stopped taking them. I had that consultation in late summer, and was promised a referral to a physio, still haven't heard!
