Practice: THE MEDICAL CENTRE GROUP
Canonical code: G82604
Postcode: ME15 7LN
Google Maps title: The Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Medical+Centre/@51.2525004,0.5423812,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df31f1c8200e8b:0x82f2efa26e4bdf53!8m2!3d51.2524971!4d0.5449615!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11ggtgvqky?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82604-the-medical-centre-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alexis “Nicky” McCann
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve always found all of the Doctors, nurses and reception staff extremely helpful and kind. Great surgery.

Author: Tezza Pithers
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
These don't even deserve a 1 star rating. Iam a C.O.P.D patient and since moving to these doctors they have taken away life saving medication. Lost parts of my records about important parts of my health. Send me loads of asthma questionnaires keep making me do tests that have all ready been done. They refused to give an inhaler in an emergency and just put the phone down on my career. Overall the receptionists are rude and the doctors have no care or clue what they are doing. After being refused a inhaler due to emergency I ended up in hospital. This is the last straw for me. I will be finding a new doctors and will be considering going to the Kent Messenger so that other patients will not make the mistake I did as it could be life threatening

Author: Anne Chilton
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent as always great .staff, and doctors.

Author: Sara 987
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered at this practice for a few years and fortunately I am in good overall health. I am at an age now where I can receive annual flu jabs, and have received my shingles jab etc. I find them very efficient at taking calls and can get appointments easily although I generally attend at grove green surgery as I live close by. I get texts to invite me for a jab which saves time for all concerned and unnecessary phone calls. I wish other practices were this efficient !

Author: iva blagoeva
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
iva blagoevaLocal Guide · 77 reviews · 383 photos7 months ago

Author: Hari Bahadur Ghimire
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hari Bahadur GhimireLocal Guide · 25 reviews · 65 photos7 months ago

Author: Carol Jones
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve recently moved to this practice and I am amazed by the wonderful service! The receptionists are pleasant and helpful, and I’ve been able to see a doctor within a couple of days. I popped in yesterday with a query on one of my medicines and a doctor rang me within 2 hours. All the doctors I’ve seen have been really nice and I feel like I am being taken care of. Very impressed!

Author: Mark
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always get a face to face appointment and the doctors there are super helpful same goes for the reception staff

Author: Ryan Harris
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ryan Harris10 months ago

Author: Agata Lasecka
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Two days ago, I called to ask for an appointment at the GP. We currently live in Croydon and urgently needed help because our daughter has a severe allergy to animal hair, a rash all over her body, and shortness of breath. I received a message that if she wasn't registered with the GP, we had to go to the hospital. We went to the hospital, the doctor gave her eczema cream, but no one listened to her and told her we needed to find a GP to examine her. I called again, and Laura, who works there, said she could help us and told us to come to the GP the next day. She would be working the next day and would guide us further. I went to the GP specifically the next day, but the GP wasn't there, and there were three other women at the reception desk. I explained our problem, and they sulked and said they couldn't do anything and that we should call 111. I understand there were no beds, but why would someone tell us to come? I'm wasting my time, and then they refuse to help! Besides, my daughter is suffocating next to them and they send us away... it's sick and incredibly callous not to help a little one at the age of two!!!!!
