Practice: BIRCHINGTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G82666
Postcode: CT7 9HQ
Google Maps title: Birchington Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Birchington+Medical+Centre/@51.3761379,1.2951331,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d94d0921a881a5:0xb585ef7db21a2f34!8m2!3d51.3761346!4d1.2977134!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thxkbb8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82666-birchington-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: May Richardson
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
STAY AWAY DR HUGGINS IS A BULLY, A MENICE TO SOCIETY & A DIRECT IMPACT ON MY MENTAL HEALTH. HE DOESNT CARE ABOUT PATIENTS. HES ON A FULL POWER TRIP, I HAVE CIDEO EVIDENCE OF HIM BULLYING ME & HANGING UP ON ME AGAIN JUST BECAUSE HE CANNOT BE BOTHERED. I HAVE CONTACTED ICB, MY LOCAL MP AND WILL BE CONTACTING THE CARE & QUALITY COMISSION AS WELL AS THE HEALTH & PARLIAMENTARY OMBUDSMAN. AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE UNLESS YOU WANT ME HUGGINS TO BECOME YOUR 13TH REASON WHY

Author: Jan Brackenborough
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jan Brackenborough1 reviewa week ago New

Author: Jean Lynch
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Put in a request for regular medication I have a new doctor declined it because he hadn’t bothered to read my notes causing me anxiety

Author: Christopher
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Practice manager at Birchington Medical Centre who dealt with my serious complaint is a godsend. I come from a background with some significant medical knowledge and medical negligence history so i was very pleased with the swift and professional manor, as well as real empathy and understanding i received from the manager. Already in a few days referrals and scans that I should have had are being arranged to quickly expedite matters. Well done. Chris

Author: Jade Rist
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jade Rist4 months ago

Author: Elise King
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So disappointed. One star is a star too much. Saw the very unhelpful Dr Huggins yesterday. I wanted to discuss my adhd. My active mind is keeping me awake at night and I’m getting about 3.5 hours sleep a night. Dr Huggins spoke over me and told me I was here to discuss sleep issues. He told me in a loud voice and brusque manner that if I needed to discuss my mental health I needed a different appointment. I pointed out calmly that my neurodivergence wasn’t a mental health issue and I didn’t appreciate him raising his voice or being rude. I also added if I did have wellbeing issues then his attitude was neither helpful or kind. Dr Huggins then stated if I wasn’t there to discuss sleep I could leave, if I didn’t like how he spoke to me I could leave. So I left. I’d waited 3 weeks for that very unhelpful interaction. Maybe Dr Huggins doesn’t know much about neurodivergence, maybe he’s forgotten that he is supposed to to be supportive and helpful. Whatever his reasons, there is no place for aggressive behaviour, raising your voice and being condescendingly rude. Dr Huggins needs refresher training or observations to evaluate his aptitude for the role he is handsomely paid for. At least I know who to avoid in future. A small win!

Author: Penny White
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since moving to Birchington in April I've have nothing but praise for the medical center, every doctor, nurse ( especially Lara ) and other staff members have been lovely, treated me with respect and been very kind and professional .

Author: Antony Ding
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
You cannot get an appointment even if you try and phone up dead on 8am. Its easier to get seen at Herne bay UTC or Deal than here (I avoid QEQM completely). Have not seen any GP at the centre face 2 face since registering years ago, only the pharmacist and nurses (who are brilliant).

Author: John Hanna
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am writing to express my sincere gratitude for the excellent care I received during a recent health issue. Last week, I phoned the surgery at 8am and was 7th in the queue. I called back at 8.15am and was promptly given an appointment with Dr Osman at 9am. During the consultation, my medication was thoughtfully adjusted and blood tests were arranged for a few days later. Following the tests, Dr Osman took the time to phone me the next day to further adjust my medication based on the results. I greatly appreciated this level of follow-up and the attention to detail. I have nothing but the highest praise for the care and professionalism shown. Please pass on my heartfelt thanks to Dr Osman for her kindness and dedication. Kind regards, John Hanna

Author: Lisa Marley
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Sheldon Huggins was absolutely fantastic. He was thoughtful, thorough and professional. The Birchington community is extremely lucky to have such a great Dr and we are lucky to have Birchington Medical Centre.
