Practice: BRYANT STREET MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82631
Postcode: ME4 5QS
Google Maps title: Bryant Street Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bryant+Street+Medical+Centre/@51.3787496,0.5269966,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8cd0561564ab1:0xf6dde051b461a32c!8m2!3d51.3787463!4d0.5295769!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9vjx1n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82631-bryant-street-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: liam rees
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
EDIT so myself and my family have finally left this surgery, we wasn't here that long either, goes to show how bad it is there, just look at the reviews, that tells you all you need to know. The reason being, my partner and myself have a seriously complex 20 year old, who had numerous conditions, and she is immune surpressed, meaning she can get puemonia, which she has had a few times, and she has nearly died twice from it, the last one being last July where she caught it on both lungs, and also had sepsis with it. Now 2 week's ago she showed the symptoms of it again, and us as parents know what to do because we were told by the best SURGEON'S in the UK to get antibiotics into as early as possible to treat it quickly, my partner rang the surgery and once again DR Khan saying she would need to see her so bring her down, umm no taking her out will make her worse, she needs antibiotics to help her stop it, the absolute rudeness she got and unprofessionalism from her was shocking to say the least, her attitude stinks totally, there seems there is nobody there that actually looks at notes or files on people, because she didn't check anything about her that's for sure, my daughter can die from catching a simple cold!! But it's her whole attitude with it, zero professionalism, Zero people skills, just a shocking person who's supposed to be a GP. And as for the GP practice manager, you can't be doing what you need to be doing if your letting a surgery being run with such bad practice there, needs a total overall in my opinion!! Avoid at all costs, like I said below just walking up to the building tells you all you need to know, looks a right dump!! I wouldn't even give this place a star but I had to, the GP here is absolutely rude, DR Kahn has zero people skills here. Ive rang up and each time and total rudeness, I suffer with mental health issues, I've lost 2 brothers to suicide, and also my brother in law, I struggle myself, and sleep is something I've struggled with for year's, I've rand and tried explaining I need something to help me sleep as I am suffering badly, and it affects my overall mental health, the rudeness I got from her was shocking, from someone that's supposed to be professional and show some compassion to the patients, how can a GP treat people with so much blatant attitude, someone should show her how a good GP practice is run because place is shocking, the building itself is enough to say avoid, it looks like a hut and totally run down and outdated, just like the staff people skills!! the surgery has loads of bad reviews for the same GP being rude here, I seriously can not wait to change GP and how this place hasn't been reported and GP pulled In line is absolutely shocking!! Change your profession if you don't like your job. The receptionist is the only one with any manners in the place. Shocking shocking surgery I would avoid it at all costs

Author: Sarah Wills
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with this surgery many years & never once had a negative experience. The Practice Manager Lisa Wellfair does a fantastic job at keeping this establishment on a very high level both with staff & patients.

Author: Lisa Dolan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Removed me and my disabled son as we had to move address due to his accident. Been there 27yrs and my son 17. Absolute Joke !

Author: Niki
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
receptionist lady has absolutely no manners and sounds extremely miserable, not even a thank you bye at the end of the phone call just hangs up! if you don’t like your job maybe you should quit it than be miserable to patients!

Author: Job Oyebisi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Job OyebisiLocal Guide · 11 reviews2 months ago

Author: Saarah Hasan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff there are so rude, unnecessary attitude for absolutely no reason in general conversation. Not fighting for an appointment or any issues, just having general queries are met with such poor people skills. Had numerous bad experiences with family members too. Every GP surgery is strained and it is a hard job, however if even small things like politely asking if there’s later times or any other days available are met with a harsh attitude and hanging up without even confirming the time the appointment was booked, then that’s not a strained NHS issue, it’s a staffing issue.

Author: Anonymous
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist is a nasty woman. Restricted my bipolar medication as I didn’t attend an appointment they didn’t let me know I had. No one is ever working. Couldn’t care less about their patients if they tried. Abhorrent practice.

Author: Nic
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgraceful practice, stated an allergy to penicillin so what do they do…prescribe penicillin for a child!!! When question we are told ALL antibiotics contain penicillin. Then send the wrong dosage to the pharmacy, and send an adult’s dosage for a 3 year old, my advice to anyone needing a doctors….. AVOID THIS ONE

Author: Anne Kirby
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Anne Kirby1 review4 months ago

Author: Kerry Deacon
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Ali is extremely rude and just will not listen. I cannot even figure out whether they do blood tests there or not. The mental health practitioner didn't even know who the sole practitioner of CBT is in Medway. Doctors ring up but unless you answer on the second call tone, having told you they will call either morning or afternoon they put the phone down and you have to wait weeks for another appointment, which is just disgraceful and the delay could be dangerous. Not against phone calls instead of face to face appointments, but give us a chance to answer! I am not sure how they think they themselves would answer a call when then are working but it shows the lack of empathy. You are still going to have to call back after the next appointment so let it ring a bit longer!
