Practice: MALLING HEALTH FOUR
Canonical code: G82681
Postcode: TN12 0LB
Google Maps title: Staplehurst Health Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Staplehurst+Health+Centre/@51.1610904,0.5479469,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47df3ab6dfc0aa31:0x8682f48cb7ebb9f5!4m8!3m7!1s0x47df3ab77314ef09:0xdadb41e98ff1e579!8m2!3d51.1610871!4d0.5505272!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg8j032?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82681-malling-health-four.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rebecca Shean
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
When waiting in the queue the reception lady was giving the lady behind me a dirty look for no reason at all.Its really quite unprofessional.I get it’s a hard job but there is no need to be like that.

Author: Alexander Caple
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Both myself and my partner feel worried about this surgery there is something not right about it we have no faith in it

Author: Zoe Roberts
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Positive = Alison, Kevin and one particular lady on Reception are helpful, kind and use their common sense. Negative = The common theme with most of these reviews is the rudeness of the Reception team which I agree. Such a shame because they represent this Practice and doesn't give you alot of confidence. The telephone system is abysmal. When dealing with a Doctor's error (so rather important) I asked for the Practice Manager to call me, but was told they can't guarantee she will. Surprise surprise she didn't! A Doctor had caused internal bleeding (needing a hospital stay) due to prescribing incorrect medication for a family member. Also medication was still being prescribed even though they had documentation by a Consultant to stop immediately. Errors have occurred over the years which has been detrimental to our health. This has now forced my family to move to another Medical Practice.

Author: Heidi Canniford
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Heidi Canniford1 reviewa month ago

Author: Andy Logan
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve been through a lot of surgeries due to moving around and this is now my permanent surgery and it’s the best I’ve used. The 2.4 stars doesn’t do it justice. They try their hardest in there. *** update*** since Mote medical have taken over the practice despite politeness the service is nosediving. I’m trying to find another practice as I’d like to live longer than the next 6 months. Mote have decided I can’t have medication that is on nhs as they want to argue about money! Saving a life shouldn’t be measured on £300 per month. Not following the Hippocratic oath in my views. With a heavy heart I post

Author: alex freitas
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Once again another fantastic service! Called Monday 22/12/25 to be told it’s not something they would deal with and nothing to worry about just go to the pharmacy and speak with a pharmacist who wouldn’t actually look at problem issue just gave something to buy for what she suspected it could be! Now I have had to spend the last 2 nights in a&e and have an emergency operation! Great job you guys! What a way to look after your patients! 2021-2025 we’ve been taking our daughter here about a constant throat and nose issue to be always told infections and other Christ knows what, have antibiotics, use inhalers and other unnecessary medications! After 4 years and constant arguments in person and via phone saw a paramedic who thankfully happened to be there as a one off that day they finally decided to refer her to the hospital and within minutes off attending the ENT specialist discovered her tonsils are enlarged which has been the cause! Thanks great looking after infants! Get yourself sorted! 4 years this has gone on for! Now have a preop for her when this could have been done years ago if you had actually checked properly! - I can keep other issues going such as not having gps to actually sign off repeats and using whoever is available who has no knowledge of any of your patients and not signing the correct essential medication

Author: Daniel Crockett (Crox)
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent gp. Heard it changed hands recently before I joined. Well I’m getting old (32!!!!) and have had to have about 5 appointments recently and I can’t fault them on anything and they’ve all been super nice. Everything on time and done right and properly. They do their own bloods in surgery whereas some send you to clinics now.

Author: Keri-Ann Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Diabolical!! Incompetent,unprofessional and rude receptionist’s. How this practice has not been closed down is beyond me. The front desk is the most shocking level of unprofessional I’ve ever experienced. They are very quick to tell people they do not accept verbal abuse and then they themselves abuse patients. Patients who have come to that surgery for help. I have removed myself from this surgery because of all of the above and much more. I wish I’d done it sooner!!

Author: Alex Hughes
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have requested to have my list of health conditions, that appear within the NHS APP, to show all of my conditions so that I can present it is evidence of these conditions when needed. This was not completed and I was instead issued with two informal warnings (1 via email) for saying the word "bloody" once.

Author: Carole Cogger
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I posted a repeat prescription in the letter box ,on a Tuesday , the chemist bid not receive it , so I went back to the surgery and was told they had stopped using the letter box over a month ago , there was no sign or any indication that it had been moved , it is on the side in reception , I noticed would have been helpful , or block the letter box up ,
