Practice: THE CHURCHILL CLINIC
Canonical code: G82697
Postcode: ME5 0DL
Google Maps title: Churchill Clinic
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Churchill+Clinic/@51.3591328,0.5298892,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8cd3961b1dab9:0x3113d9984cd53066!8m2!3d51.3591295!4d0.5324695!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1ww9x_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82697-the-churchill-clinic.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John Boorman
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
If like me you are a patient at this clinic then find a clinic that is incompetent in dealing with their patients professionally and fairly. I have been with this clinic all my life even before it moved to Churchill ave. To say the service is absolutely awful would be an understatement. It's a total shambles with unprofessional staff from the reception, administration and the GP 's who are never running to time and fail to call you on time even when they give you a 4 hour window. Same excuses all the time that they were busy, so you sit there waiting for a call that doesn't happen and you finally get the call outside of the 4 hour slot but apparently that's OK, and because you missed it its apparently your fault, what a shower this lot are. Being self employed I have lost a whole day's money because of these incompetent people but thats OK once again as it doesn't affect them. Well despite what the receptionist said who was as useful as a chocolate tea pot, we all have lifes to get on with and all have bills to pay and the world doesn't revolve around your so called call back service or none call back so it seems. The sooner I can find another GP the better. If i could give zero stars I would. I can't wait to be rid of this lot they couldn't run a bath!

Author: Lian
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
one star is far too generous L!! I've just had yet again, received appalling service from the GP surgery. This place is not fit for purpose. Receptionist I spoke to has no compassion or understanding, all she can do is give sarcastic umms and arghs down the phone, then slams the phone down on you as shes bored listening to your concerns, after you've just spent 45 mins trying to get hold of them!!! The phone seems to be off the hook most of the time and only occasionally do you get put in the telephone queue! this surgery do not care about any other health condition at the moment, other than covid and tell me no one is allowed in the surgery to see a Doctor!! disgusting, even 111 were shocked at what i've just experienced with this appalling surgery!! last time I had dealings with this surgery, back at the end of 2019, my baby daughter was seriously misdiagnosed with nappy rash and actually had to be rushed to A&E instead because of the incompetence!!! I will be making a complaint!! I have no idea why such people decide to pick a job, that requires compassion and care, when clearly they have none and do not care for their patients at all!

Author: Crayon Irons
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors surgery in medway for sure. They left my mum in pain last Monday and didn't even bother to phone her back until 8:00am the next morning and told mum she had to go there and see one of many doctors. We phoned 111 the next day and got her in for an appointment quickly. I will be using 111 in the future I trust them a lot more than my own doctor I will be moving doctors soon.

Author: MissIsle73
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are very helpful, understanding and accommodating where they are able.

Author: Lisa
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unable to deal with complex mental health issues or neurodivergent patients. One particular Doctor is very abrupt and blunt. One of the receptionists is quite rude. I had to leave.

Author: Sharn L
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The actual doctor is amazing Richard Dunn, who replaced my doctor after she left, name escapes me but she was amazing too. The other doctors are equally as good when I see them instead The negative is the lack of availability. Which I assume is nhs wide However the reception team, some are lovely and funny, there is one incredibly rude lady who likes to try and diagnose you and tell you your imagining things. Always accuses you of things and is generally a rude and condescending human. I even had a text from doc asking me to book medication review and the receptionist told me… we have no slots for the next four weeks, call back next month…. Fine no appointments but book in advance then rather than constantly telling us to call back, especially when you have to wait 40 minutes to get through to someone. We get it, you are strained and probably get a load of rude patients but there is no need for this one member of reception team to act like they know more than the doctor. When you have done 7 years of medical training I will believe you. Until then let the doctor do the diagnosing, and perhaps try and smile a bit. Edit: Dr Hilal! That was her name

Author: Deborah Bell
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This morning I knew I had an appointment at this Doctors (miraculous to get one I know!). Problem, I’d not written down the time and I expected a text message. I have trouble remembering everything lately, probably because I’m grieving the loss of my husband and I’ve got a job working nights to support my kids and i, so sometimes I need a little understanding that my memory is a bit frazzled, not to mention my reason for pleading for an appointment. I obviously called up the surgery, to confirm the time, stayed on the line listening to the repeat message of lines are busy, blah blah, but no telling of my queuing placement, press 9 for a call back, which I did, but it didn’t work after several attempts. Got through, some 24 mins plus later, only to find out my appointment was 3 minutes gone!!! Receptionist spoke to the Dr to ask if I could still go. Dr said he couldn’t see me now and to go to hospital if anything happens. Wow!!!

Author: mayowa olonitola
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been using Churchill clinic for the past 3 years, they will answer your request but just need to be patient with them , they have a lot they are dealing with with

Author: Sandra Shawcross
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sandra Shawcross7 months ago

Author: Jason Reilly
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Received a text to tell me I've missed an appointment, but was never made aware i had one?! Something not right at that clinic comms is awful. I feel sorry for the receptionists to bear the brunt of subsequent calls (when you can get through)
