Practice: NEW LYMINGE SURGERY
Canonical code: G82684
Postcode: CT18 8NS
Google Maps title: New Lyminge Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/New+Lyminge+Surgery/@51.1242903,1.0887368,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47dec70ee4194087:0x5a8c58aa62a42780!8m2!3d51.124287!4d1.0913171!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1hhh_7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82684-new-lyminge-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarah-Lynn Schubert
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to do an e-consult this morning at 8:30 (surgery opening time), but couldn't as the website said they are at capacity already! Called them right away and after a 20min wait have been told they can't do anything for us and we need to go to the urgent treatment centre. My partner had shingles coming up where immediate antiviral treatment is crucial as it can otherwise lead to long-standing neural pain. I don't mind doing an e-consult, but to be told they are full when I go online literally the minute they open?! Luckily the pharmacist had the knowledge and common sense to help us.

Author: Fleur Key
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fleur Key2 weeks ago New

Author: C MCKENZIE
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered with this Surgery for nearly 7 years and have never had a single problem despite having complex medical conditions. Every Member of Staff is kind, compassionate, caring and supportive. Thank goodness we are in the catchment area. I feel like we have won the lottery with this Surgery. Thanks to all the Staff, you are all diamonds in my estimation.

Author: Ryanturner342
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't call the surgery and talk to someone. I was running 5/10 minutes late due to an unexpected incident on the road. Tried to call and tell them but couldn't. Receptionist was dismissive and said I was too late and had to start my econsult again. Called oaklands in Hythe and got an appointment for later that day. If offered this place for an appointment again I would turn it down and wait to go to Oaklands.

Author: Daryl Coleman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have been unfortunate enough to have been at this practice for 3 years. I've never been able to see anyone apart from the fabulous nurse Sarah who is amazing. Everything is dealt with by Econsult. You have more chance of winning the lottery than getting a face-to-face appointment. For my last problem I had a phone call and it was a complete waste of time I got more help from the pharmacist at Boots who was fabulous and issued me a prescription. Hope to be moving out of the area soon and joining a better practice

Author: C
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't ever see a doctor. No appointments available. Whenever I call Im made to feel like I'm doing something wrong by calling them. Just told fill out an e construction. But it's I feel so bad after days of trying to get help my condition has got so much worse that even the econsult won't allow me to progress. Absolute joke. Basically made to feel stupid for calling for help I'll ask them if they can deregister me. I bet they will help with that though. Absolutely useless. What's the point in a surgery that lets you get so ill that their own econsult tells you it's now got so bad you need to go to the hospital after weeks of trying to get through. The whole NHS is broken. You'll only realise it when you need it most.... It won't be there for you starting at GP level

Author: J Green
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Great practice, friendly staff , nice surroundings, but you can't always get appointments No idea who runs the practice now , no photos or list if names in the reception

Author: Jennifer Brisk
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just joined this lovely surgery and I feel so blessed to have been within their catchment area. I’ve only seen the nurse so far for baby immunisations but the nurse was so kind and had knitted a mouse for our baby which she was thrilled with. The receptionist is a joy to talk to efficient but super friendly and that makes a world of difference. Also very clean and organised.

Author: Mikey moo
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Even ringing at 8.02 in the morning I can't see anyone. Already at full capacity. Ring tomorrow. Every day at full capacity. I've got an ear infection. I need to see somebody.

Author: K9
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
People that moan about this surgery don’t deserve to be registered here. I have found the staff members to be extremely friendly and very helpful and that includes the doctors and the nurses and the carers have always been very polite and very professional.
