Practice: THE MEDIC CARE SURGERY
Canonical code: G82698
Postcode: ME10 4DT
Google Maps title: The Medic Care Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 32
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Medic+Care+Surgery/@51.3346738,0.7339332,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47ded4df390792d7:0xca88f48a6c5c1c4f!8m2!3d51.3346705!4d0.7365135!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tmxdvht?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82698-the-medic-care-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Oznur Emin
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
What is the actual point of this place? Can never get an appointment. You call at 8am to be told to try again the next day. I was severely unwell and had to call 111 who advised me they booked a slot for the gp to call me back. Did they ever call me back? Of course not. As a pregnant patient, getting care is impossible. I regret the day I signed up to this place and will be de registering they’re the most awful practice.

Author: Marie Swainson
Date: Edited 6 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
Recently moved my dad to The medic care surgery. He has complex health needs so was wary about moving his practice. Since registering, over the last few months the reception team have been very responsive and efficient. The doctors are very sensible and competent.

Author: Sheila Read
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been very happy with the doctors that I have seen. Reception staff are lovely and helpful had another appointment today and the lady doctor I saw was amazing. 13/2/26

Author: Megan Turner
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Have just left a consultation sobbing after being shouted at by a heartless lady named Dr Martyns. She made it clear I was an inconvenience and when I asked why abnormal results were not being followed up she told responded that patients shouldn’t have access to our own results. I have lost 3 babies this year and found out the devastating news in this consultation that there were no findings from the tests of my most recent miscarriage. It means I have no answers and will never know if I was carrying a boy or girl. Obviously, this lead to me having a lot of questions and feeling upset. I tried my best to build an overall picture of my health to the dr and explain that I have been complaining of symptoms to the surgery for 4 years. Every time I asked a question, Dr Martyns looked very irritated, was extremely dismissive and then started shouting at me when I asked what further investigations were going to be done. I reminded her I am traumatised and terrified after losing 3 baby’s this year and she ignored this. At the very least I believe a health care professional should tell me they are sorry for my losses. To be honest, this Dr didn’t have a clue what she was talking about and was not willing to help me at all. She just didn’t want to do her job and I think this is what annoyed her, because I was organised and asking questions. She then proceeded to lie on my notes saying she explained things that she did not explain and that I got angry to the point she had to end the consultation. In fact, despite the devastation I have been through this year, I managed to stay calm and polite all the way through this appointment and Dr Martyns began shouting at me and then when I answered to remind her of how traumatised and anxious I am, she started completely ignoring me until I had no choice but to leave the room. I am gobsmacked at how unprofessional she was. I wish I had recorded it as evidence. It was unacceptable and this woman should NOT be doing any job that requires any level of CARE for a patient! To add : dr says they will ring you about some test results and you keep your phone with you at all times, for them not to bother ringing with no explanation. You could be left to die for all they care. This surgery have made the most traumatic year even harder and it’s so hard to continuously chase them up when suffering from ptsd. They’ve also made an error by putting the wrong patients details on a referral so I can see somebody else’s contact details - total breach of gdpr and unacceptable error. I will be changing surgeries as I can’t take this lack of care any longer. Disgraceful.

Author: sandra sillcock
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Calling daily! Cannot get an appointment for a friend who is quite poorly, receptionist really not interested. Where has the duty of care gone!!

Author: Sue Temblett
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've had nothing but excellent care and support from everyone at the surgery. The reception are always so friendly and helpful, both over the phone and in person. Everything is dealt with promptly, and I think Dr Nilan is the best doctor I've ever had. Thank you for all that you do there.

Author: Jamie Day
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give no stars I would. I've recently registered at this surgery after moving to the area and can't believe I've had no luck. I've called the practice 67 times this morning before I got put into a queue after waiting for eight people in front of me, I got to the front of the queue to be told there is no appointments by a blunt and frankly unhelpful receptionist. I contacted the surgery yesterday and was advised the next prebooked appointment was in ten weeks and to call back today, I did and now I've been advised to go to a walk-in clinic in Faversham. What's the point of the NHS and having a doctors surgery if you can not get seen, the doctors don't care anymore. If I knew I was seriously ill and it was life or death, I would let myself die than have to go through this utter nonsense of trying to getting an appointment!

Author: Mike Lock
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Nightmare getting an appointment. 5 weeks waiting time for a booked appointment ?! or you can take your chance to call up at 8am on the day and see what they have. Of course that isn't possible if you are working or have other commitments. This seems commonplace though so not just Medicare. I have used the E-consult service twice now and BOTH times they failed to call me or message me as they say they will within 2 working days. The first time I gave up and went to a walk in centre. The second time I had to call up to see what was going on. The receptionist said the referral letter I asked for had been done, but they were not sure if it was to be emailed or posted to me. 2 days later I got a text to tell me it was ready to collect. Sadly the service has gotten worse over the last year or so but again that seems common to surgeries these days

Author: Nigel Frith
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nigel Frith4 reviews8 months ago

Author: Teresa Lawrence
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Teresa Lawrence5 reviews10 months ago
