Practice: BROADSTAIRS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G82796
Postcode: CT10 2AJ
Google Maps title: Broadstairs Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Broadstairs+Medical+Practice/@51.3606165,1.4304034,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBROADSTAIRS+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+CT10+2AJ!3m8!1s0x47d9552e23a7285b:0x5d43e09ccb4a87b2!8m2!3d51.3605839!4d1.4328976!9m1!1b1!15sCiVCUk9BRFNUQUlSUyBNRURJQ0FMIFBSQUNUSUNFIENUMTAgMkFKkgEUZ2VuZXJhbF9wcmFjdGl0aW9uZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11gjm3vm81?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82796-broadstairs-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Steve
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service for my child very difficult to get an appointment, I was told to take her to A&E at Margate hospital? The place looks run down inside like a set from the Walking Dead, rude reception staff who seem not to care, doctors that don't listen the list goes on I would definitely not recommend this surgery.

Author: Mariann Szalai
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rubish. I went to the gp asked them vestigae why I have anemia and she didn't done anything no ultrasound I told her I have symptoms I feel sick and have dearhia and I bloating I went to A&e they said go to gp but gp not doing anything . She was talking about constreptive pill to preventív pregnancy. And I told her is not your bussines I told her I didn't come here for appointment discuse my private thinks I was át gp 4 Times to do some test I m about to make a complaint and go to ombudsman aswell I will sue them

Author: Ashleigh McCotter
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very pleased I have now moved surgery. You can never get an appointment, Dr Qureshi refuses to follow requests from other medical professionals e.g. blood tests, referrals. They lost my samples on numerous occasions. They will not contact you in relation to results. The list goes on. Very poor, negligent practice.

Author: Colin Foreman
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My wife and I have been with Dr Malik and his Broadstairs Medical Practice Team since he took over the then ailing surgery, and prior to that his Albion Road surgery, and we cannot praise them highly enough! We have always received exceptional care, and have never had reason to complain about the service. Due to our respective conditions, we have regular contact with all levels of staff, and everyone strives to ensure that we receive the quality of care that we need. We have frequent contact with the reception and back room teams, who are always polite and helpful. If someone doesn't know the answer to a query, they ask someone who does. The nursing and care team are a pleasure to meet, and are always thorough in responding to our needs, and offering appropriate advice. And as Dr Malik himself is our named GP, he ensures that we receive the appropriate care from an appropriately qualified member of the Team, including himself when required. A brilliant Team all round. We are very fortunate to be registered with such a caring and responsive practice. For obvious reasons I cannot name individuals, but to those members of the Team with whom we have most contact, we are truly grateful for your support and expertise. A massive thank you to you all!

Author: Rosie’s Retreat
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Takes 10 days to reply to an e consult, to be told to book and make an appointment. Now need to wait another 2 weeks for the telephone consultation. Ridiculous service. Happy to increase meds but not give blood tests to check levels first. Time to change I think gone are the days of a helpful doctor

Author: Nicholas Logan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to this surgery a year ago for a hernia. The doctor told me I was fat and it will go away if I lose weight. I’m 12.5stone. Today I went to a private hospital and the doctor laughed when I told him what they said and will operate asap as it’s deteriorated as expected. I should probably sue them for incompetence. 🙄 …

Author: Vanessa Mitch
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery has been amazing supporting my mother in law can not fault them at all Ty brilliant service

Author: Dave Mckenzie
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We find the recepionists both friendly and helpful and have a really helpful and listening doctor, they do their best in the current challenging world of the health service.

Author: Jill Wills
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This used to be my family Doctor's surgery, always helpful. Now it's like trying to get blood from a stone. You are greeted by a band of clerical staff, who have absolutely no medical training whatsoever. Not even as much as a paramedic. When trying to make any kind of request, you are challenged by their checklist, which has no humane side at all. All you get is "Computer Says No". But, as a person, what do you think, "No, Computer says No"

Author: Deepthika Lakmali
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Deepthika Lakmali1 review10 months ago
