Practice: CANTERBURY HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: G82802
Postcode: CT1 3JH
Google Maps title: Canterbury Health Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Canterbury+Health+Centre/@51.2743188,1.0804692,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47deca34a30b1339:0xa3768923a975e86b!8m2!3d51.2743155!4d1.0830495!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td5qk43?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G82802-canterbury-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: chris1963 “Linbrad” duffield
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went to see a doctor face to face couple of weeks ago. Made me feel like things were a little bit normal. Ive never had a problem with the surgery. Whenever ive rung, the staff, have always been helpful and polite. I have medical problems, but Canterbury health centre, have helped me, with my condition for the last 5 years.I would just like to say a BIG THANK YOU.

Author: Kieran C
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist staff are a judgemental nightmare very unaccomidating to patients with mental health issues and problems. You literally have to be very well spoken have a happy bubbly and enthusiastic approach when speaking to receptionist at all time. (YOU CAN NOT HAVE DEPRESSION WHEN SPEAKING TO RECEPTION STAFF) If you have suffered from a breavment or breavments in my case LISA HOWES (practise manage) will show a lack of understanding and empathy towards a very sensitive situation, doesn't value patience relationships they build with the Doctors. Receptionist staff are rapped in cotton wall and if one of them decides they don't like or you are criticism just once they will make your life as difficult as possible.

Author: Martin Bailey
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Martin BaileyLocal Guide · 24 reviews7 months ago

Author: Andreas Sutanto
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Andreas SutantoLocal Guide · 31 reviews · 5 photos8 months ago

Author: Dionne Heaton
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get an appointment and when you do even if the place is empty they still run over! Honestly if you want somewhere to come and waste your life this is the place...waited over an hour past my appointment and the doctor didn't have ANYONE in her room. Update,I was at the hospital,the hospital rang the surgery for an upto date scan form (im in ANE) instead of a fax to the hospital....I.....I....have to put the request in writing,even though im at the HOSPITAL....and you still dont get help from this surgery......do your job and help people!

Author: Martina Taddei
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service. A special mention to Louise who looked after me for a screening test and was a very thorough and amicable professional.

Author: Amir Gorgi
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I want to provide feedback regarding the medical referral experience for my 8-month-old daughter. On that day, we were referred to the clinic by 111 due to her vomiting blood. However, when we contacted the clinic, we were told there was no referral on file and were advised to “keep an eye on her and call in the morning for an appointment.” This response was extremely concerning for a parent, given the severity of the situation. It’s crucial that such serious cases are handled with the utmost urgency and care, especially for infants. This experience has been deeply distressing for our family.

Author: Lauren boo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I went to speech therapy with one of the therapists named Adele, she was incredibly helpful, professional, she made me feel safe, heard and helped me on my journey massively.

Author: Katherine Mullins
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Katherine MullinsLocal Guide · 15 reviewsa year ago

Author: Lauren Busby
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient here now for approximately 7 years and I have to say, I think they are fantastic. I’ve had a few things going on health-wise over the years and I’ve never had an issue getting through on the telephone to book an appointment where I have been seen the same day. Equally, my prescriptions have been sent out swiftly. Special mention to Dr Patel. He was the first doctor to ever properly listen to me with regard to a complex disorder I live with. He went out of his way to ensure I finally received the specialist care I needed. Cannot recommend the surgery enough.
