Practice: BURSTED WOOD SURGERY
Canonical code: G83046
Postcode: DA7 6HZ
Google Maps title: Bursted Wood Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 60
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bursted+Wood+Surgery/@51.4657749,0.1508332,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ae51ce067857:0xb707bb25fa1d532d!8m2!3d51.4657716!4d0.1534135!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzsxm2f9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G83046-bursted-wood-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: HR D
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Not been impressed at all, called for a GP appt as I was suffering chest pains and breathlessness; advised I could have an appt for the following week. Ended up going to A&E that weekend, after hours and hours of waiting for ecg and blood test results, I left. I have asked the GP to obtain my results instead and call me to discuss whether I possibly have a chest infection so could they provide antibiotics- no call and no response to my request for results. What is the point of having the NHS app enabling the ability to book appts with the GP too when the practise turns it off, so instead you wait ages on hold to only speak to reception who advise they havent got any appts for the week. I called on a Monday.

Author: Tilak Patel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service and greats doctors and staff!

Author: Tim Hall
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tim HallLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 1 photo4 months ago

Author: Alyshea Masters
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Drs are lovely and helpful and dont wait forever for an appointment

Author: phil snell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was contacted by the the surgery to arrange an appointment so I tried 4 Monday mornings in row being told there was no appointments that week so gave up. I then needed a nurses appointment so I filled out an online referral giving me a reference hearing nothing back. If you actually need to see a gp I would advise using a different surgery.

Author: Maeve Kenny
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Maeve KennyLocal Guide · 3 reviews6 months ago

Author: JRO
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've found the service very efficient especially with the e-consult service. The reception team have also been very responsive and understanding.

Author: Ian Pearce
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was promised a call back by Joyce (practitioner assistant or something like that). Been hanging on in position one in the phone queue for 45 minutes now - surely one call doesn’t take that long to deal with or is the phone left off the hook? What makes things worse is I was cut off first time I called after three minutes. Decided to drive to the surgery - arrived at 19:45 and found surgery locked up and in darkness and still in position one hanging on phone - what a joke! Practice supposed to be open til 8 pm on a Tuesday.

Author: Iryna S
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely desperate and heartbroken. I’m currently going through IVF—a physically and emotionally draining process—and for almost two months I’ve been unable to get a simple appointment to with my doctor to get my test results. The surgery’s system is completely outdated and dysfunctional, and the staff have been consistently unhelpful and dismissive. I’ve tried everything: submitting accurex forms, calling at 7:45 a.m. sharp, only to be told all appointments are gone within minutes. I’m nearly 40, and every week matters. This lack of care and basic efficiency is putting my entire IVF treatment at risk—possibly my last chance to have a child. I’ve never felt so let down by a medical service in my life

Author: Grand Moff Schnipps
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Several issues resulting in 1 star. If I could give less, I would. 1) Reception staff give inaccurate advice resulting in calls, online appointments, back to calls, to then be told they don’t decide on process. This leaves the customer to be forced to call at 08:00 for a same day appointment which never exist. 2) Reception staff read out patient details loudly so that customers in the waiting room can hear. This is a GDPR breach, as names, conditions, addresses and birthdates are read out so loudly that anyone in the waiting room can hear. 3) Triaging is done by the doctors. If you by chance ask to see a specific doctor, you have to mention this in the online form and then call the surgery after receiving the notification that your request cannot be fulfilled online. 4) The building is falling apart. The stairs outside the practice have been falling apart since before April 22, which is when I moved to the area. The interior of the building looks and feels like it’s an army barracks building from the 50s. It’s unclean, unsanitary and generally unpleasant. 5) This might be a general NHS issue, I don’t know: But who on earth still uses printed forms for test scheduling?! Is this the 80’s?! Why do I need a printed form, to call the test centre and book an appointment? Why can’t GPs do this when I am with them? This practice continues to exist in an age where customer service is expectantly bad and is in dire need of refurbishment. If you want quality service from a practice that feels modern and professional, look elsewhere.
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We’re genuinely sorry to hear about your experience, and we’d like to address the concerns you’ve raised. Weve been unable to recognise the name you’ve used on this review, we kindly ask … More
