Practice: ELTHAM PALACE PMS
Canonical code: G83015
Postcode: SE9 5DQ
Google Maps title: Eltham Palace Surgery - NHS GP
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 153
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Eltham+Palace+Surgery+-+NHS+GP/@51.4494009,0.0514849,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a9745f6fd09f:0x8615a3c2ff157ab2!8m2!3d51.4493976!4d0.0540652!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vntj4hc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G83015-eltham-palace-pms.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: James Blanco
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Legal action against Eltham Palace GP surgery is being considered by the care regulators, the CQC, after further scathing criticisms have been made in its latest inspection report. The issue relates to the Eltham Palace surgery based at he community hospital and is separate from the Eltham Medical Practice, based in Westmount Road but which also takes appointments at the hospital. Two years after the CQC reported that a toxic working environment at the Palace surgery caused by a feud between the two GP partners, Jorge Ribeiro and Esme Peters, the latest report states: "At our previous inspections in May 2023 and March 2024, we found there was a breakdown in the relationship between the two GP partners which negatively impacted staff at the practice. Whilst there had been attempts to improve the relationship, staff continued to refer to a toxic working environment. "At this inspection in February 2025, [published recently] we found a similar situation. Again, we were informed of attempts to improve the working relationship between the two partners; however, these were reported by leaders in the practice to have been unsuccessful". It adds: "At this inspection we found ongoing breaches of regulation relating to safe care and treatment, and good governance. In instances where CQC have decided to take civil or criminal enforcement action against a provider, we will publish this information on our website after any representations and/or appeals have been concluded." The report says this has been cited by staff who have resigned from the practice and hindered the recruitment of replacements. The CQC rates the surgery as 'requiring improvement' on all its aspects with a marking of 'inadequate' for leadership.

Author: Maria Teresa Matta
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This bad review is for the receptionist I spoke to this morning. My reception was poor and she/he was shouting at me and telling me she had to repeat the question over and over again. This person has no professionalism or empathy whatsoever, not clearly suited for this position. Totally unacceptable.

Author: Melissa Malunga
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Ok so this GP is a MESS. When I rung up to book an appointment I was greeted by a passive aggressive lady who, held a bit of hostility in her tone as I struggled to get my words out over the phone. I’m so relieved to see it’s not just me who had an issue with Dr Ribiero, who was also cold and almost robotic. Showed zero empathy and threw out condescending comments. Don’t remember what the name of the doctor I had today, however, after explaining my issues, I got asked what he should do about it, considering he’s the doctor I thought he should know ? Apparently that’s too much to ask for. I eventually got what I needed however, I will be looking to switch GPs promptly. Do not come here if you value your health .

Author: Lorna Ives
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I used to be GP receptionist/med secretary and one of most important parts of job was compassion. Went in today with a request as so v anxious about 2ww referral and no response except 'cant help u' in effect. Disgusted by attitude.I know the public can be difficult, even offensive but i am not and hardly ever bother you. Your receptionists need training in humanity. I would have been fired for attitude shown today. Anxiety is an all consuming feeling and needs more understanding. Wish i had never moved here. My nurse pract at Chislehurst was exceptional but doubt could get back as out of area. Dont like complaining as NHS has looked after me well but could have wept today. Maybe you shoud recruit older people who have more life experience. L

Author: Deniz BAYRAKTAR
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Do you want to get the worst healthcare service? You need to go somewhere else because you cannot get any here. You may got your appointment and showed up on time but they may tell you that you don't have an appointment because staff forgot about it. It happened to me 2 times already. You can go there with 4 hours of sleep because you work at night and they have only availability at 8 in the morning but they may send you home because you don't have an appointment but you made it already. Terrible.

Author: Daria K
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Love this GP surgery, they respond so well to requests and actually get you seen, heard and respect your wishes. Recently I have asked for referral to the right to choose path and the receptionist Daniel has been amazing at sorting the referral out for me; he was on top of it, making me to reassure me he has done the referral and asked if I needed help with anything else. As a patient, the last thing we want to do is keep chasing things we request for our health with Drs but not with this GP surgery. We have had referrals needed for three of my children to see different specialists and departments and all were speedily dealt with. Thank you.

Author: Elliot Barros Gnecco
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Has to be the worst doctor’s practice in the borough. If not, I really do worry for those patients. It’s impossible to get an appointment, I think you’d have to be moments from death to get any level of sympathy from the receptionists. Experience with new born baby has been bordering criminal, took months to get through to anyone, after being passed from pillar to post. We ended up going private in another country just to get pregnancy checks done. It’s been no better post natal, still no sign of a call or text after nearly 2 months. They should be shut down. Absolute disgrace.

Author: Jelena Bridle
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
An urgent letter requesting antibiotics will be actioned in 1 week ! No doctor on duty !

Author: Inesa Kazakeviciute
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Inesa KazakeviciuteLocal Guide · 18 reviews · 4 photos3 months ago

Author: Carole Brewer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
5 just for the Irish guy I spk to today c
