Practice: ROYAL ARSENAL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G83016
Postcode: SE18 6TE
Google Maps title: Royal Arsenal Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 297
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Royal+Arsenal+Medical+Centre/@51.4923891,0.0708577,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a8c327ac9455:0x11cb88d33188eb23!8m2!3d51.4923858!4d0.073438!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12ml2yww8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G83016-royal-arsenal-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aya
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited Royal Arsenal Medical Centre today for my new patient health check and to ask about how to book appointments online. I only moved to the area less than a week ago, and unfortunately my new flat currently has a serious infestation issue, so I haven’t even been able to live there properly yet. With everything happening and being in a completely new environment, I have been feeling quite anxious and stressed. What surprised me was how kind and gentle the GP was during my appointment. He noticed that I was feeling nervous and took the time to reassure me and help me relax. His kindness really meant a lot and made me feel much more comfortable. The reception staff were also incredibly professional and patient. When I wasn’t sure how to book appointments online, one of the receptionists kindly asked me to open my phone and walked me through the process step by step. I truly felt the care, patience, and dedication of the staff here. Everyone I met today was so kind and supportive. This was honestly the happiest moment I’ve had this week. Thank you so much.

Author: Sam Thomas
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
The woman on the front desk was very rude for absolutely no reason, all I did was say hello and that I had an appointment.

Author: Paula Gomez Granobles
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible phone service, I have been for more than 15 mins on the waiting queue to get an appointment. 15 mins!!! That's outrageous! On the place the service is ok, I never got to doctors but the only time I was there it was ok. I have to book this cervical screen and it has been more than a month trying to book but never pass from the "You are the number 1 in the queue" after 15 to 20 mins waiting I have to hang out. I cannot waste that much time on the phone.

Author: Andzelika Kucinskaite
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Today I had to get my urine test arranged by a doctor but they told me to see a doctor again and ask him about it again. That a is this? They are so unorganised and terrible.It is terrible service. We just received a information by text from this GP regarding chest pain, but we have requested about cardio appointment as it hurts heart, but not chest!!!!! Hello, you guys are mixed two different issues. That a ..... This service is terrible. Be careful, they can mixe a lot of things, not only the appointments.You have to book all your appointments by links that they send, even if is just a results and test you have made already. They are not to support/ help people, but to distract them and not have ability to see any of professionals. That they are working for? For them self's? Looks like and they are very arrogant and unsupportive. The worst GP practitioners I ever seen and had. You should be closed one day. Terrible

Author: ALEXSANDRA DE CASSIA SILVA DE SANTANA DA VEIGA
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been waiting for a fit note for over a month and I am losing my job because I can't provide a fit note, the doctors keep and sending emails for submission when I completed they instead book me for face to face appointment they're keeping and book hooks appointment or a ghost appointment. Awful, the new receptionist had asked me several t times for my phone number and she's didn't update my number on their systems, rubbish.

Author: Priya Pal
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
So many pointless administrative hoops to jump through to get seen. Risk assessments at the practice are not communicated timely or appropriately. I complete blood test in Dec 25 and get message to watch on cholesterol and take a blood test after a year. On visiting for my routine health review the health care professional noticed that requests to meet in person by doctor was missed! I complained abt heart symptom last week and requested to speak to doctor to get a referral to get a private ECG done ( yes indeed not waiting to die so happy shell money out of my pocket, though I pay for NHS). I get a phone call appointment assigned following Tuesday 7. 50am. On the day I wait until 8. 30 am ( late for kids school drop) and on me calling the practice the reception says "he might have missed it" The doc calls me at 12.05pm out of nowhere which I miss but call back immediately and cross the 10min wait for reception to tell u 'missed a call so fill form again"!!!. She didn't border to ask the doctor. It them who missed the appointment not me then why the hell should I have to be penalised. Getting worse every passing day. This GP is borderline medical, not long that a patient health will be at stake due to their incompetence. And I am amazed when they advertise we are taking new patients when they cannot manage their existing one. Funding to this practice should be reviewed

Author: Alex Cope-Norris
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is an absolute joke of a surgery. I've known a number of people that were misdiagnosed, told to go home and then discovered something either life threatening or life changing when they've gone elsewhere for a second opinion. Its abysmal. As with most surgeries the receptionists are trained to be as obstructive as possible.

Author: Sudarshana De Vittorio Ganguli
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I'm quite local hence for convenience sake still kept my registration here but in the last 12 years the service has steadily gone down. Receptionists were kind and helpful, now over the phone they are rude, robotic and unhelpful . The medical service providers are not always welcoming/warm and doesn't give confidence and feels like you're asking for a favour and as a patient doesn't give you a feel good factor which I feel is an important aspect of getting well - to be able to ask questions etc. The online form is inaccessible 24/7, so you can't book an appointment out of hours even with the online form. I did however receive good help from them in the early opening days of this medical centre, they have improved their enrollment and a few times this year I was happily surprised by their service, hence put up the rating to 2 instead of 0, but generally not impressed with them at all. I really hope they improve their services as location wise this is so convenient.

Author: Malika
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
When I was with them a few years ago, I’d have to wait a long time for an appointment. For telephone appointments, most times it would just be one phone ring and they would hang up after that or they’d never call at all. The receptionists were not understanding and lacked compassion. I’m not surprised to see all the other negative reviews, but it’s sad this medical Centre isn’t taking note and making improvements.

Author: Mubarek Kerime
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Mubarek Kerime2 reviews3 months ago
