Practice: THE WESTWOOD SURGERY
Canonical code: G83002
Postcode: DA16 2HE
Google Maps title: Westwood Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 76
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Westwood+Surgery/@51.4628004,0.0944247,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8aeb7c44238fb:0xbcc34041e70e1a0f!8m2!3d51.4627971!4d0.097005!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1ndcfy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G83002-the-westwood-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gary Edwards
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been at his surgery for over 15 years and can honestly say say I have never had a problem with any of the staff who are very polite and the Doctors who have been amazing for me with my conditions of fibromyalgia/ broken spine / diabetes they do a great job and don't understand when I see bad reviews

Author: Lei Wang
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dear Dr. Sian Wood I wanted to express my sincere gratitude for the invaluable advice you provided regarding my ankle fracture. Your guidance has been incredibly helpful. During my recent appointment, I truly appreciated your attentive care and the genuine concern you showed for my well-being and recovery. Your support has been a great source of comfort and reassurance. Thank you once again for your exceptional care.

Author: Felicia Aina Fuludu
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Felicia Aina FuluduLocal Guide · 4 reviews · 15 photos2 months ago

Author: Mari N
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Professional staff-Clean place

Author: Chandni Bhudia
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I'm writing this because I think constructive feedback is better than an unappreciative rant - please don't take personally! You are very much appreciated! I can't accurately give star ratings - so I'll just give 3 stars as a placeholder and please do read my feedback which is most important. Depending on the response I get from this practice - I may change it! From a patient care / family doctor POV these are the things to consider when GPs are supporting patients in the local area: - are you doing things efficiently? Great you are ordering blood for 1 thing, but are you reading patient history, understanding the patients demographic profile and their own concerns to get the blood tests they need? Having this in mind will save time, effort, money and most of all - improve quality of care. - have you ordered the correct blood tests? Often times patient care doesn't solely fall on the doctor, and proactivity on both patients and GPs is always better. So when the patient is expressing concerns and want to investigate proactively - do listen and order correct blood tests in line with concerns. Triple check you have definitely typed in the correct blood tests on the form to avoid delays in measure to improve patient care, save time, and save costs. - do follow up with patients to, with care, to discuss blood tests. Do review blood test first by reviewing patient history - and concerns over health and have this context in mind when interpreting blood test results, and offer solutions to support patient ailments. For example, a long history in itchiness may be address in vitamin B12 supplementation - as there is research showing vitamin B12 deficiency can cause itchy skin. Therefore, with low B12 levels - the doctor should offer vitamin B12 supplements over the counter to see if symptoms improve. This responsibility should fall on the doctor to make the connection and develop the care solution to the patient. - if a specific marker has worsened since the previous time it was tested - have you informed the patient this? Please do, do this so immediate action can be taken to rectify and prevent further harm to paitient and improve overall health. After this has done - offer progressive solution in how to improve health and potentially offering a retest in 6 months to a year to see if markers have improve. - review blood test in line with the entire set of bloods ordered to build a more accurate picture - and consequently follow up with a more accurate solution of supporting patient care. I appreciate i have the privilege of time and headspace to think about this - and the doctor maybe doesn't. But it still just feels a bit too inefficient, leading to poor quality of care - maybe that's just me, not sure and this is normal - but it's not a good way to do things and highly problematic. Let me know what you, or the local council in the Welling area thinks! Eg are you not able to consider the above in your practice, likely due to high demanding work of GPs, not enough time to review paitient history, not having time to review blood test holistically and in line with ailments and paitient history, being too rushed in appointments to key in correct bloods needed etc. just want to understand WHY so action can be taken to be better. Eg how can work policies be adjusted to allow a better job to be done by staff members? Thanks.

Author: Malcolm Riccardo
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I am waiting on a team decision regarding getting a sleeping pill prescription.My present housing is making this necessary.The junior doctor who saw me did not immediately prescribe a powerful sleeping pill, for some unknown reason. Although he is looking into some of the social causes for needing this drug, a decision is still needed as I cant sleep and an anti-histomine is not suitable or too weak.

Author: Wendy Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is appalling. They have let my Cousin down big time. She is housebound with many ailments which aren’t getting any better. For months we have been trying to have a Doctor visit her at home for a thorough examination only being told they don’t do house calls. She has now been removed from a Care Coordinator service due to a limit on the service of two years. She was also told her removal from this service was due to myself contacting the surgery with my concerns for her health. My Cousin’s situation is the same and still requires support. This review is not the end of my complaint, I will take it further.

Author: colzy111
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always have a good experience when I visit this surgery, and their sister surgery in Pickford Lane

Author: C Z
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP Surgery. The staff at this surgery are highly incompetent, they do not know anything and have no training. I have received incorrect blood test results, I have incorrect information on my medical notes. I do not understand as they would be aware I am no longer pregnant! I came for the 6weeks check for God sake. A simple prescription has not been done for over 3 days. It's a shambles. This place should be closed down because who are they helping?! Staff are Useless, incompetent clowns.

Author: Emily Mc
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I truly feel nothing but failed by this gp. I followed all their advice just to be rebuffed every time. Even throughout the complaint process. I have been abused by their receptionists and failed by their doctors and nobody has ever bothered to care about their failings. If I failed at my job to the level this surgery has let me down, I would be sacked. When I tried to resolve the issue, they told me if it was such an issue I should contact my MP. I ended up paying 20k in private fees for an issue the nhs should’ve resolved instead to save my life.
