Practice: DR DAVIES & PARTNER
Canonical code: G83033
Postcode: DA7 5HL
Google Maps title: Dr Davies & Partners
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+Davies+%26+Partners/@51.4724843,0.1385107,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ae55550e9e71:0x3fb65cb4d19ec71e!8m2!3d51.472481!4d0.141091!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bbrh468s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G83033-dr-davies-and-partner.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lesley Gray
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can’t get an appointment anytime with a doctor - just directed me to emergency care or a pharmacy Pharmacist said I needed to see a doctor….🤷‍♀️ …

Author: Andreea Sacaeala
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service! I have always managed to get an appointment when was urgent and the doctors that I have seen are very good and helpful.

Author: David Martin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Got seen same day all in all not bad service

Author: Rickie “Kita” Band
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I booked appointment online for next day within an hr received a call from receptionist cancelling my appointment saying I need to see a doctor not a nurse regarding my symptoms. I explained to her that even if I call at 8am I won't get an appointment she assured me that definitely they will do something. I did call and was number 6 only to be told no appointment if I want will wait till Saturday for the so called hub and book appointment. What a shame. What's the point of having a Gp the time I wasted on call was better to have started my journey to A and E.

Author: Lord T'Bag
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Pretty much impossible to get an appointment here.

Author: Jane Parkinson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have never had a bad experience with the surgery. Always been helpful to me and my mum.

Author: Patricia Parchment
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Patricia Parchmenta year ago

Author: Laura P
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have answered the phone any time I've called, managed to get same day appointments and always reply to my emails same day. Can't fault them! Updated 20.01.25 - just looking at some of these reviews I'm quite shocked. The reception staff have always been lovely when I have spoken to them, they are polite and helpful! RE appointments, your best route is to use the new online system, Accurx. I've used this 3 times in the last couple of weeks, I've had a call back within a couple of hours. You can use this for phone appointments and face to face appointments.

Author: Nicole Willson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Look folks, you’re not reviewing a branch of KFC, this is a doctors’ surgery that is dealing with a stretched and flawed system. All I can say is that a lot of the comments about rude reception staff do not ring true for me AT ALL. I’ve always found reception staff to be kind, helpful and compassionate, even under very difficult circumstances. I’ve witnessed patients shouting and swearing at staff and treat the surgery like their own private members club. The receptionists are not your butlers or bell hops, and I’m pretty sure you don’t tip them. Anyway, I think it’s more appropriate to talk about the quality of clinical care and the efficiency of systems at the practice. Dr Shah is superb. He is hands-down the best GP I’ve ever had. He is especially great with children but as a woman I also feel like I’m in a very safe pair of hands and don’t have any problem discussing sensitive issues with him. The practice nurses are friendly and informative, especially in respect to children’s routine jabs. It can be very difficult getting an appointment over the phone; however, the new callback system and Accurx form (replacing e-consult) has helped to streamline things, and the partnership with consortium surgeries means it’s easier to get out of hours appointments. Certainly I’d rather do this than wait 4-5 hours in urgent care. On a personal level, I’d like to express my thanks to the surgery for always showing kindness and compassion toward me and my son. When I was a new mum experiencing PND and feeding issues, I attended my 6-week check but got the wrong time. I broke down in tears on learning this. They told me to sit down in reception and Dr Davies came out and took me in at the earliest opportunity. I was so grateful for that flexibility, kindness and care. If I could recommend anything worth improving I would suggest a virtual check-in system so patients arriving for booked appointments don’t have to bother busy reception staff and don’t have to wait in line. Also, could you make more forms available online? I had to come into the surgery just to get the form to link my son’s medical record to mine.

Author: Organ Eyes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
30 mins waiting on the phone to talk to a receptionist with attitude. ..obviously way above her paygrade, got sarcastic when she was put in her place and needs to go for retraining. Though i think it'll be beyond her.
