Practice: ABBEYSLADE PMS (DR CHAND)
Canonical code: G83631
Postcode: SE2 0ER
Google Maps title: Basildon Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Basildon+Road+Surgery/@51.4880263,0.1050132,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8af3a3b8c0f4b:0xc2a3cc122f9bd973!8m2!3d51.488023!4d0.1075935!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfzg0d4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G83631-abbeyslade-pms-dr-chand.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Virgie Randrup
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Virgie Randrup3 weeks ago New

Author: Binder Basra
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
That’s horrible Gp my daughter in pain from last weeks and the lady doctor said it’s nothing and the school head teacher send her home twice because her fingers swollen and the gp said it’s nothing and went to pharmacist they told me to go a&e for blood test for something serious how terrible they are sitting in the chair and doing nothing.

Author: Thomas
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I got an appointment immediately. I had a lovely friendly doctor who was helpful. The interior does need some decorating and one thing that did scare me was some man came in with his pit bull. I had to walk past the dog as it was by the entrance. I was worried it would bite me but it didn’t. Anyway no pets should be allowed inside doctors

Author: Mark Palin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid if you can. Register with any other Doctor in the area, none could be as bad as this one.

Author: Charlotte Starr
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience with Dr Jo Chand has been appalling. She is consistently dismissive, shows a lack of medical knowledge, and demonstrates no accountability for patient care. Rather than understanding or treating the root cause of issues, her default response is to undermine and refer the patient onto someone else, with no follow-up or responsibility taken. Calls take over half an hour to be answered even when you’re first in the queue and the online page isnt an option for most elderly people. Patients, especially the elderly and vulnerable, deserve far better than dismissive attitudes and ineffective care. And after reading other reviews here, its clear to see we're not the only family facing the same issues with the Chand run surgery.

Author: Anuradha Oli
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A BIG ZERO STAR 🚫 I can never get an appointment,they keep saying the doctor cancelled,we are always fully booked(don't know how). Despite of being caller no.1 i had to wait for 23 minutes to attend. I had called them for the reference medical paper for blood test they couldn't even manage that,i was calling them for the same reason before as well they always denied my request by saying no doctors or nurses to attend and would give a month later date which is clearly not helpful. I'm sick now who know what's gonna happen in a month.They are not serious about none of us I wish i could give reviews of minus starts i would happily give.Clearly changing my Gp.

Author: Sanchita Subedi
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is not okay how Dr.Chand talked really rude today NHS is not the place people go to entertain themselves once they face issue with their health they go to visit of course I’m concerned about my health as it’s been more than 1 month I’m having tummy issues and it’s not going away and it wasn’t there with me before I came to uk. But today the way she talked to me was really rude. I don’t know why she is so irritated but this kind of behave is really not okay

Author: Nayaraj Limbu
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If their zero star i would give him . It's worst go I ever had they kept lying .

Author: Lacey Morris
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
They can be hard to get hold of but Sarah does a great job in there always so helpful and trying to get everything done as stressful as it can be.

Author: Kayleigh Burdett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
You are looked after once you get an appointment but don't even try to phone, you'll be waiting forever, if needed please call and hire me to answer your phones because clearly you reception ladies are swamped and can't answer them. Waiting over 20min as caller number 1 highlights that reception needs help.
