Practice: FAMILY SURGERY
Canonical code: G84009
Postcode: BR6 6BG
Google Maps title: The Family Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Family+Surgery/@51.3552872,0.087231,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ab56f0d713dd:0x181e30e9a18bd186!8m2!3d51.3552839!4d0.0898113!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdwd625?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84009-family-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Linda Fogarty
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Family Surgery is an absolutely first class practice, I have lived locally for 40 years, and am so grateful to be under their care over the past 3 years. Keep up the good work and excellent reputation you so deserve. Many thanks Michael Snell.

Author: Ashley Whelan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
After being with four different surgeries locally over the past 40 plus years, this is by far the best. All of the doctors are outstanding — professional, compassionate and genuinely caring. The whole team works so well together, and even the reception staff are top class. Big enough to cope, small enough to truly care. I can’t fault them.

Author: Alan Daniels
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Have been a patient at this surgery for over 25. Yes things have changed over that time but considering the amount of negative feedback about the NHS we are so lucky to still have this surgery based in the community. I recently visited for a face to face appointment with my dad and he saw Doctor King who was empathetic, kind and caring. She is a credit to the surgery and embodies what a modern NHS doctor should be. Thanks to the team for all their help and hopefully we don’t have to see you soon!

Author: Lorraine Dennis
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was very happy with this surgery up until about 3 years ago. I feel completely uncared for and when i talk i am not heard. I have no confidence in this surgery anymore.

Author: Brenda Hemburrow
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I love this surgery. No problems only praise for reception staff.

Author: Little jo Blonde
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Little jo Blonde1 reviewa year ago

Author: les gearing
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
always treated with respect and very friedly

Author: Barbara Russell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Couldn't do online triage as they were 'at capacity'. Went into surgery, receptionist never managed to stop eating her satsuma (with mouth open) while filling in triage form for me.

Author: j paten
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
j patena year ago

Author: Bethany clarke
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
An absolutely shocking lack of compassion or empathy. After an incredibly traumatic experience with the Laos poisonings in November 2024, I had initially emailed asking for a letter to give to my insurer on the 28th November. I had been advised that it would cost £30 which I had agreed to. I then had to email again to chase it and then was told it would be ready on the 9th December. I rang the GP later that day and was told that 'it wouldn't be done instantly' and that I would have to wait. I then called again this morning (17th December) to be told that it was still not done. Then I receive this message (see upload), and it appears it is now £45. I had already been told it could be sent via email as I was relying on family members for lifts, but it appears that I am not trustworthy enough and will need to pay before I can collect the letter. As I am now unemployed without a car and am extremely traumatised- this is completely unacceptable. Absolutely no compassion or empathy. Will be considering a PALS complaint and/or CQC complaint when I am fit enough to do this. I cannot imagine a worse situation than what I have experienced- absolutely the worst way possible of dealing with this. I would strongly recommend the practice manager coach their staff on how to deal with sensitive situations such as this. No one should have to deal with this! Update- I was called to confirm that it was £30. No apology for the confusion caused by other staff not knowing the correct price. Still no interest from staff about how this was handled or how I was feeling. Surprised I haven’t received any communication from the practice manager after making a complaint to reception on Tuesday.
