Practice: THE PARK PRACTICE
Canonical code: G84025
Postcode: SE20 8QA
Google Maps title: The Park Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 111
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Park+Practice/@51.4133007,-0.0657498,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+PARK+PRACTICE+SE20+8QA!3m8!1s0x4876016c67e4775d:0x8126d095d614d5ce!8m2!3d51.4132974!4d-0.0631695!9m1!1b1!15sChpUSEUgUEFSSyBQUkFDVElDRSBTRTIwIDhRQVocIhp0aGUgcGFyayBwcmFjdGljZSBzZTIwIDhxYZIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2VudGVymgEkQ2hkRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVVJQTWtwcE1ESkJSUkFC4AEA-gEFCJYBEEA!16s%2Fg%2F11fy4f41rt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84025-the-park-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Oussama Tebaili
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I want to thank Dr. Noori; she is very professional, attentive, and takes good care of her patients. I highly recommend her.

Author: Sharmarni Danials
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve been with this surgery since 2013 and to be honest I found it okay.. maybe that’s because I didn’t go much. However, after being pregnant and giving birth I found out how ‘helpful’ they are. Let’s start with the receptionist - I wouldn’t say she’s rude but she has a tone. I remember when I asked a question about my babies vaccines and her response was very much well make a decision otherwise cancel the apt.. instead of actually reassuring me. During my pregnancy the doctors were very reluctant to help with medication - even when I was given it by midwife’s or I previously had it before with them. They didn’t want to do anything and always said to go back to the midwife. Meaning I had to drive from Anerley to Orpington and heavily pregnant! I went for my postpartum check up and the first person I saw was fine. However, the nurse who was meant to give my daughters vaccines was another issue. I explained I wasn’t sure and wanted more information. I actually repeated how concerned and nervous I was multiple times. Her response was can you decide what you want to do as other people are waiting. Her way of explaining and reassuring was telling me she had 3 kids and her brother took the vaccines and everyone died it. She repeated told me to hurry up - I even explained to her how poor her response was and walked out. To be quite honest I only stayed with the surgery for convenience and because there is one doctor (I know she partially owns the surgery or is a director there) and she’s lovely. Whenever I had an issue with my newborn she got an apt the same day. Otherwise, everyone else is a lost cause. Now I’m looking for a new surgery!

Author: S G
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
S GLocal Guide · 6 reviewsa month ago

Author: Josani Dinis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family has been receiving care there for 6 years and we have always been well attended to by the staff. Whenever we need to, we can schedule an appointment for the same day, and the doctors are very good. Dr. Sally Calladine is wonderful; the care is impeccable. She asks about everything, does all the basic exams, and always shows great affection to my daughter. For me, she is the best GP ever 🫶🏻

Author: Marlon Cook
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best doctor surgery I've come across. I haven't got one bad word or criticism to say about this surgery.

Author: Grace Lefleur
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Aĺl I can say its a wonderful gp .I highly recommend their services.

Author: Claire Hayes
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
New patient to the Park Practice and have had a great experience all round. Sharon on reception has been especially brilliant - remembering me from a previous phonecall and chasing my prescription to make sure I had it through in time :)

Author: Dorrett Blake
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My Doctor is here. Pleasant staff. There is also a chemist next door to pick up prescription etc.

Author: Lauren Edwards
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient of this practice for some time, and I had an appointment today with Dr. Fagbohun. It was one of the best medical appointments I have experienced. She was patient, thorough, and warm. She took the time to listen to my concerns and addressed each one with care, leaving me feeling reassured and confident in the consultation. I believe it is important to acknowledge when a doctor provides such an excellent experience, and in this case, I felt truly well looked after. I would highly recommend Dr. Fagbohun to anyone requiring such good and compassionate medical care. The reception team are also super friendly, warm and helpful.

Author: Philip Burgoyne
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to Park Practice earlier this year. In comparison to my previous practice it is as perfect as it can be. I have only crossed swords on four occasions. Each time I have had an almost immediate and positive result. Bigging up Sonia in the office as it’s her name that replies to me. Sally Calladine for great advice and trying many things to resolve a problem. Every interaction with the team behind the glass is an absolute pleasure. What a great team they are. Thank you.
