Practice: ELM HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: G84027
Postcode: BR3 3FD
Google Maps title: Elm House Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 102
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Elm+House+Surgery/@51.405307,-0.0356211,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487601a25b8d7a9b:0xd3efd58230f4b3b2!8m2!3d51.4053037!4d-0.0330408!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hhx4tr5s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84027-elm-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Abbie Al-Omari
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Abbie Al-Omari11 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Frankie Wittevrongel
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP practice repeatedly refused to follow specialist advice under a Shared Care Agreement. They kept coming up with different excuses to justify not providing medical care. This meant there had to be a lot of back and forth between me, the specialist, and the practice to deal with their false arguments. They did not make any proper effort to resolve any of the issues or find an appropriate solution for me to receive medical care. Ultimately, it became clear that the GP practice simply did not want to provide this essential medical care, despite their duty of care and their obligations under the SCA. The practice also failed to properly communicate things with me, and made decisions that affected my medical care without informing me. This all resulted in a delay of over six months for me to receive essential medical care, and me having to switch to a different GP practice in order to receive that care.

Author: Mathieu Loiseau
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
This is a good surgery. It's large and has many services on site such as phlebotomy. The doctors I saw inspire trust. I don't mind the Anima system but it's not very user friendly, not fit for less computer literate people.

Author: Sumati
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Rabindra was excellent. I received a response within minutes of my request of anima.

Author: Kevin Tawton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Despite this surgery undergoing major upheaval due to the merging of Cator and Elm records to one main provider, my experience in a time of need was excellent. From reception staff to the emergency doctor, they were all excellent and provided first class service during a period of great change. Many thanks to them all and hope they continue to be the best!

Author: John Langridge
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The anima system is not fit for purpose. The elderly are at a disadvantage. I’m age 74, and a member of Elm House since 1951. Twice recently I’ve been offered appointments in 7 or 8 weeks time. I feel like giving up. I keep being told I have to book on line.

Author: Jenny
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Elm house surgery is one of the doctors surgery I ever been to. I started to come to elm house for 10 years after I got poorly. All the doctors and nurses I have seen have been so very helpful and caring. The reception ladies have also been so kind and caring and helpful. I would recommend elm house to anyone they are 100 per cent perfect. Thank you elm house for everything you do for me pleased to call you my doctors.

Author: Dan Miller
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m an infrequent visitor to this surgery but eventually attended an asthma clinic with Michelle. She advised changing my medication from ventolin and becotide to the combination inhaler Fostair. The new inhaler has been great for me - has a longer acting reliever than ventolin and I am breathing better even during hay fever season. I think the new inhaler is reducing systemic inflammation as my chronic Achilles tendinitis has been much better. Fully recommend visiting the asthma clinic here and ensuring you are on the most appropriate medicine.

Author: Saj Abbas
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a spot which I plucked with tweezers... Damaged the blood vessel under the skin... Bleed for weeks... The doctor went to get the surgeon who quickly offered to remove the dried spot and stop the bleeding, to which I agreed. The whole thing took maybe 5 mins. Zero pain. Zero bleeding and heeled in a few days - all without a wait time or hospital visit. Thank you! ✌️

Author: Daughter of Zion
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to Elm House Sugery last week Friday to find out why my prescription hasn’t been put through. I wasn’t given a code on a bit of paper to give to the pharmacy for the woman behind the counter. The code didn’t work and was out of date. so than I was running back-and-forth to the pharmacy and Elm House Sugery like a headless chicken, trying to figure out why my prescription hasn’t been put through. When I ordered it on Monday in the end, I still never got my inhalers. Not good service and not reliable
