Practice: BROMLEY COMMON PRACTICE
Canonical code: G84024
Postcode: BR2 9GT
Google Maps title: The Bromley Common Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Bromley+Common+Practice/@51.3880922,0.035903,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8aa58258f10ad:0x8f50062962b4cd67!8m2!3d51.3880889!4d0.0384833!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfk_gh6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84024-bromley-common-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bill abbott
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
they cAN DO ENOUGH FOR YOU

Author: Joanne Blackmore
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My partner filled in an accrue form on my behalf asking for a clinician to contact me, supplying my phone number, regarding my eye and swelling on my cheek. I received the auto reply stating 1 working day to hear back. That was 1 week ago and I've still not heard from anyone. Fortunately, I went to a pharmacist, on whose advice, solved my problem and prescribed antibiotic gel for an eye infection

Author: J H
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s honestly shocking that we can’t speak to a receptionist to book appointments anymore. I was actually refused a telephone appointment because I’m apparently “not old” and can use a phone or the internet. When you book online, it says you’ll hear back from the surgery within 24 hours — but that’s simply not true; I waited two full days for a response. On top of that, the receptionist was rude and refused to book an appointment for a child. It’s completely unacceptable. The hospitals are full of people who only need to see a GP but this is made so difficult by the staff at the GP.

Author: aimee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
10/10 surgery, Recently joined a few months back and can not fault the care provided. any enquiry / referral is sorted and completed very quickly and the receptionist staff are always so helpful with anything i have to ask. very impressed with this Dr practice and very happy to be under their care for my family.

Author: David L
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have a chronic health condition and I cannot fault the excellent and very responsive service. I see the same GP each time which really helps given the complexity of my medical history. The GP always gets back to me v quickly and I can usually get an appointment within a few hours or the same day. She proactively rings me when I've been in hospital to check up on me. Very quick in responding to blood test results as well.

Author: Mtenga
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After five or so years of being registered with them they suddenly decided that I out of area and despite initially telling me an exception had been made and this sorted, they threw me out a few months later. At the time I had started a phone consultation with a GP but they refused a second call. Administrators first, caring medical practitioners last.

Author: Enes Albayrakoglu
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My niece has been scratched by stray cat in Turkey and she is having 3 doses of rabies in Turkey and once she comes back from holiday she needs to have the 4th dose of rabies in here. My brother called the GP and they gave them wrong information. Then I called her GP and they said they don't do rabies vaccine in their surgery even though they have a in house nurse. They didn't even requested or took this as a serious incident as rabies can be fatal for all, especially for 6 years old. Since I have gone though the same procedure with my GP a month ago that they provided the vaccination schedule next day and took all actions per guidelines, I told them what they should do but they kept me waiting on the phone for 40 minutes and shut it down. The lady on the phone initially said there was a debate whether they do or not. There is no debate here, it's clear in the guidelines and it's registered GPs responsibility. This is the worst service that I have ever seen. Their attitude is terrible, they are dealing with health but apparently not taking it seriously for a kid. Let aside being helpful, all the suggestions they made e.g going to pharmacy or urgent care didn't make sense. They are not aware of guidelines , these people who shouldn't be serving for people's health. Their reviews on Google terrible already and I see why. Total disgrace to NHS service.

Author: Danny Kingsmill
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I find it unbelievable that I can probably book a table at a restaurant in Beijing right now yet I can’t book a GP’s appointment a mile away - I’m going to fill in a form and you’re going to get back to me urgently within 2 days 🤷‍♂️ seriously 🤷‍♂️ thank goodness I have private healthcare …

Author: I Love Pampering By Nicky
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very grateful for the doctor who referred me straight away when I had a telephone consultation. Thank you for really listening to me. I always appreciate everything this surgery tries to do even with the massive NHS pressures they are under that is affecting all sectors. Thank you for everything you do.

Author: Patrícia Costalonga
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a ultrasound appointment here, the staff was friendly and polite. The place was neat and well organised.
