Practice: POVEREST MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: G84007
Postcode: BR5 2DQ
Google Maps title: Poverest Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Poverest+Medical+Centre/@51.3895731,0.1011995,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ac7d99e38be9:0xf44756a72bd51641!8m2!3d51.3895698!4d0.1037798!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf9xpc3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84007-poverest-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: jeremy cridland
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to GP after a severe mental health event following a long bout of depression. GP refused to treat me. I complained about their attitude that pervaded the whole appointment but the practice never replied. Now moved to 0. Dr lied to me on e-consult. Said they had read e-consult and then asked for important details which were in the e-consult. Also said they had no access to A&E blood test results and then had to admit they did when I note they had been post 4 days prior. Previously had asked why I was e-consulting for an operation and I had to tell them it was following a A&E attendance via ambulance. Same Dr both times. Something truly wrong there

Author: Steve Beales
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
After finally getting a appointment because I am getting headaches and dizzy spells ( I had a brain haemorrhage a few years ago ) I got a appointment for 6.20 on Thursday night. Despite getting 2 texts reminding me when turned up at the surgery I was informed that my appointment had been cancelled with no warning. The staff were totally unhelpful, they seemed to think it was amusing !

Author: Trudi Brice
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Trudi Brice12 reviewsa month ago

Author: Rob KG
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
“Caller number 1” for 40 minutes! Make it make sense

Author: Krystal Prescod
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Greatly Improved! Reception/Front Line Staff - 5/5 - I have noticed great changes in the staff 🤩 It appears the ones that push back and don’t want to hear what you need to say and don’t want to help are finally gone!! (Hooray!!) I currently have some major medical events happening and have been thru to reception several times in office and on phone. I have found both Netta and Angie to be very caring and solution based. They have helped me the best they can and always helped me to plot a plan if it was something they could not fix. Thank you both!! GP’s / Nurse Practitioners - 5/5 they have always been amazing in my experience! Thank you!! Prescriptions! - 1/5 - I have had numerous prescriptions go awry that have caused me a lot of stress. Especially currently, I am still awaiting 3 prescriptions to be sent to my pharmacy. The first requested on 19th January and remaining on 21st. Total of 4 ordered and only 1 made it to the pharmacy. No one notified me of 1 being declined, although evidence of need provided now. No one updated the NHS app for me to see. I am down to my final 2 tablets of the one ordered on the 19th - where I need one tonight - possibly 2 and still not issued. I did this with plenty of time but because of issues within prescription team it has become emergent and stressful at a time where it is very important to my health conditions to be low stress. Every time I need to order multiple prescriptions direct thru the practice email, something is wrong. I am either missing one or given something different. Do they not double check their work? 🤷🏼‍♀️

Author: Shelley Whitbread
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This review is for Chantelle the receptionist. In all my years attending this surgery she is the friendliest most helpful receptionist I have encountered. She’s so kind and really wants to help so thank you!! Outside of this I can’t review as I never get to see a GP it’s always over the phone!! (And the surgery is always empty when I go down there so god knows who gets actually seen face to face!) But Chantelle I can’t thank enough!

Author: Leshay
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Whoever is on the reception desk needs to learn people skills took forever to answer then seemed to have an attitude when she had to pick up the phone as if that’s not her job …

Author: JULIE DRURY
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
As a patient in chronic pain was not invited for a face to face referred to pain clinic 3 months away without check up or consultation not even xray tried e consult again awaiting blood tests still no xray to see if any disc damage is this what I spent 50 years paying in full my NIC for I find it disgusting ?

Author: kay harris
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Whilst the receptionist I spoke to on 15th December was polite and helpful, my experience deteriorated significantly once I was transferred to the prescription department. The staff member I spoke with was discourteous, unhelpful, and displayed a lack of professionalism. Regrettably, I encountered the same behavior again today when dealing with the same individual. On both occasions there was a noticeable absence of empathy, compassion, and appropriate communication. As this is a repeated issue, I feel it is important to raise concerns regarding her suitability for a patient-facing role, as the standard of service provided was unacceptable.

Author: Peter Jones
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So unhappy with this doctors going Undiagnosed for years so i went to a private doctors got diagnosed 18/10/25 i found out that is a severe illness that can not go unnoticed and this doctor's surgery put me up for a mental health assessment when I come back with my proof of my illness and the nhs this doctors surgery are trying to section me so watch out when you come back with your diagnosis.
