Practice: CORNERWAYS SURGERY
Canonical code: G84018
Postcode: BR3 5LG
Google Maps title: Corner Ways Surgery
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Corner+Ways+Surgery/@51.4071327,-0.0228717,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487601c10117af8d:0x7570957e40a0fb7a!8m2!3d51.4071294!4d-0.0202914!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ydpq9hmm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84018-cornerways-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Helen Dixon
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I was registered with Cornerways for several years and the service seemed fine when I rarely needed appointments. However, once I developed ongoing health issues, the level of support dropped significantly. Due to long NHS waiting times I was referred to a Bupa specialist through my workplace insurance. For about a year, when my consultant prescribed medication, the practice would issue the same prescription on the NHS so I didn’t have to pay private prescription costs (which can be around £150). Recently the practice suddenly started refusing to do this and became extremely difficult to deal with. I urgently needed antibiotics before going on holiday and explained that I could not afford the private prescription cost. Instead of trying to help, I was told that if you go private you sometimes just have to pay private prices. There was little understanding or willingness to support a patient who was clearly unwell and trying to follow their specialist’s advice. The situation involved a lot of unnecessary back-and-forth, and at the last minute they decided they needed to speak directly with the consultant, causing further delays. Unfortunately the reception staff are also often rude, and if you need anything beyond a very basic request the tone and attitude can be quite poor. Overall, my experience has been that when you actually need support, the practice makes things unnecessarily difficult. I will be moving GP practices and would not recommend registering here.

Author: DB
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Surgery is superb, the GP’s really seem to care, they have had to deal with a large volume of patients but have ALWAYS performed for us. The reception team are organised and friendly to deal with despite the difficult patients that they no doubt encounter.

Author: Chris Scott
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I felt like the woman on reception today wanted to get me off the phone as quickly as possible. Definite lack of empathy and understanding for what was a very basic admin enquiry. You could easily tell she didnt want to help. I have also in the past had a doctor forget to do my prescription 3 times (3 days in a row) and each time I was told it had been done and went down to collect from the pharmacy. The pharmacy staff were shocked at how bad this service was from this GP practice.

Author: Keeley Turner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Been waiting for over 15mins on the phone to book an appointment as I can't do it online , clearly no one answers the phone , it's ridiculous

Author: SAM R
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
AMAZING! We are so lucky as a community to have this wonderful surgery and all the people who work in it. I have been with this amazing surgery for over 35 years and have experienced changes of doctors. I have had cause to use the surgery a lot for physical and mental health, especially recently, and I have never once yet had a poor or bad experience with anyone. Fit for work forms are also easy to obtain too. Unfortunately, through no fault of their own, rather the government’s, the system for booking appointments has had to change. It IS harder to speak with someone on the phone BUT be patient and the new econsult and triage service is AMAZING! Or just go down and talk to a receptionist! If you can’t complete an econsult form yourself ( the surgery provide a paper step by step guide) you can get someone else to fill it in for you in your family or the surgery staff will help you, either on the phone or in person. Once that is done you receive a text message to confirm submission. Your request is then looked at by a designated GP for that day and , if urgent, actioned immediately either by an immediate appointment that day ( my son had an appointment within an hour) or a phone call ( I was called at 6.30 pm by a doctor who recognised my concerns, chatted to me and prescribed medication immediately which I was able to pick up from the late night pharmacy and start taking the SAME night.) If it is not urgent they will send you a message with a link and you can book your own appointments to suit you - day and time- with your choice of doctor. Their communication is excellent and they just want to help. When you see a doctor, you can book a further appointment then and there. If you are still not ok; fill in another form and say it’s urgent, they WILL respond. The receptionists are so helpful and kind too. Thank you everyone for an amazing service.

Author: Tate Bedford
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You’d be lucky if you can even get through on the phone and actually book an appointment. I have been with this GP for 2 years now and not once have I been able to get through on the phone and be able to book an appointment. Even after sitting in the queue at position 1 for nearly an hour!

Author: h R
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with Cornerways for more than 25 years and I find the doctors absolutely fantastic, the admin team and the nurses wonderful and today I met the lovely practice manager, I cannot recommend the practice highly enough. A huge word of thanks to all the team at cornerways surgery for their fantastic care! I cannot thank enough the fantastic team of physicians, doctors and nurses and admin staff. Nurse Rebecca and the docors have been a life-saver. This is an outstanding surgery. (Ryall & Razii)

Author: Nikki Jewitt
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've recently moved from a surgery that have ignored my symptoms for 5 years. The receptionist are very welcoming and friendly, and the GP immediately booked me for tests and have now been diagnosed with a life altering condition. Sitting in the surgery today waiting for my appointment (i missed it by a day, and waited to see someone), a very rude abrupt lady ce in shouting at the staff, no matter what they said she got louder and louder, they handled it very well!

Author: Amanda Lawton
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Today I came in on my bicycle to make a repeat prescription and ask some questions in person as waiting on the phone for 20 mins plus is now common. Receptionist was impatient. Her tone of voice was sharp and I felt rushed. While several of the doctors are really good some receptionists are quick to tell you want they can’t do rather than what they can.

Author: Jonathan Cadogan
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They have switched to the NHS app / Accurx recently. This system is brilliant. No more waiting on the line for an overworked receptionist. I had a minor change needed on a repeat prescription. I carefully wrote what I needed at midday. By 3pm my prescription was updated. Brilliant.
