Practice: SUMMERCROFT SURGERY
Canonical code: G84006
Postcode: BR6 7AR
Google Maps title: Summercroft Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Summercroft+Surgery/@51.3676996,0.0568458,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ab17e053694f:0xf99b16c2baf58b2f!8m2!3d51.3676963!4d0.0594261!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdmd49y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84006-summercroft-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Cristina Martinez Fernandez
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Whist in the past our appointments at this practice have been very positive... today has been really stressful! I had an appointment with my 1 year old at 10.25 and arrived on time. My daughter had fever and a constant vigorous cough... she basically cough non-stop for over 40 min. On top of that, She dropped her water in the waiting room and was wet (I didn't have spare clothes). All patients waiting when we arrived were called and left, new patients arrived a were also called by doctors/nurses and left. So, I am just there standing for an hour in the waiting room with a feverish 1year old, on wet clothes and non-stop coughing I asked reception twice very politely and the receptionist was just.. It'll be a moment... a moment really was an hour. Then, third time I ask, I requested a complaint form or the opportunity to talk to a manager and none of them were given... At that point, the doctor that was going to see us just came out with a patient that had arrived way after I had done... how frustrating having to wait dor so long just to realise that other patients that had arroved after you had already been seen and gone (patients that show less urgent circumstances -at a glance- that someone holding a 1yo with wet clothes, fever and non-stop cough!). In any case, so disappointed that reception staff lack to provide better answers in terms of waiting time, that we were left behind and waiting dor 1 hour in such conditions and that I was not provided with a complaint form or Manager details...

Author: Janette Lo
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Janette Lo1 reviewa month ago

Author: K “KY” Y
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't understand why that's many negative feedback. I'll say all doctors and receptionists are good, friendly and professional. They tried their best to support and refer. I had a suspected cancer and various issues, they referred me quickly to the specialist team. Can't request more

Author: Zoe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unless you want to be traumatised, neglected, gaslit, given medication without the doctors reading your history, risking you of further suffering.. do NOT go to this terrible doctors. I was with Summercroft from the day I was born.. and after now 30 years, I have finally left and moved to green street green medical centre. In only a short time of being with green street green, I have received attentiveness, compassion and genuine care for the issues I have been constantly trying to receive help with from summerctoft, it should be renamed neglectcroft, even the receptionists at green street green have made me feel seen and heard. Summercroft used to be a great GP, and it has truly gone down hill now. The receptionists ( mainly Jane and another woman who sadly I do not know her name ) are completely and utterly disgustingly rude! Telling you how they aren’t “ medically trained “ when you are not asking them for medical advice… they speak over you, speak to you like you’re a child, they do not care whatsoever. Summercroft gaslit me, neglected me and traumatised me for the past year of me telling them I am in early perimenopause and need more than just the contraception pill alone. They even prescribed me a sleeping tablet that is risky to take with my adhd medication due to it being a stimulant and zopliclone + adhd meds causing a risk of declining mental health and possible thoughts of exiting life .. of which I experienced. On leaving neglectcroft, I even wrote a email of complaint which no true accountability was taken. Doctors have a duty of care and I do not feel I’ve had any care. The doctors had not even put half of my issues on my system, if they bothered to, they’d know I was a vulnerable patient with a history of ptsd, su*cidal attempts, depression, pmdd ( of which the doctor even asked me to educate him on what this was ) anxiety.. along with being adhd... they never ever treated me as someone who is a vulnerable person with serious difficulties. Perimenopause has absolutely been a horrific experience as someone with so many struggles and because my blood tests came back normal ( on that one day ) I was sent off with an antidepressant and contraceptive pill… not even referred to a menopause clinic. This doctors surgery has neglected other people too.. not my place to say who or why… but Summercroft.. it’s time to close down.. you no longer provide care, compassion or help.. you only provide trauma and neglect. Green street green has made me feel so seen, heard and understood. Summecroft had the audacity to send me a warning for speaking rudely to reception.. yet where is my acknowledgment for bad treatment by your receptionist and your doctors. You are a disgusting surgery. CLOSE DOWN. Glad to never have to step foot in such a traumatising doctors surgery ever again.

Author: Sheila Austin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't believe the service I received today after leaving an econsult for summercroft I had a call back within about 10mins and an appointment made. I cannot tell you how this system has improved the contact between patient and doctors. Receptionist who answered the phone was polite friendly and would put anyone at ease. I fully support this new way of contact. Well done Summercroft.

Author: Nadia Pond
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited Summercroft surgery to re-register a week ago. I was greeted by a receptionist called Carol who couldn't have been more helpful to my needs. She gave me the best advise to assist with my situation. I have to say I was very concerned prior to my visit having read some of the awful reviews but I was absolutely blown away by her kindness, persistence and the fact that she was being so extremely helpful, given I took up quite a lot of her time, too. It was an absolute joy to have met her and that I was very fortunate to have Carol deal with me. Thank you so much Carol for your time and effort you gave me. It's extremely appreciated and I look forward to becoming a patient at this surgery again because of You!

Author: Elina Kirova
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They gave my son wrong medication which could've damaged his liver and be careful to not tell them about your emotional state, because they will not help or treat you, but just raise concerns with social services and make many problems for you down the road, because of their non treatment, but triggering everything

Author: Matthew Thomas
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Matthew Thomas4 months ago

Author: Daniel Wawman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
For someone who avoids going to the doctor's at any cost, Dr Nadine Thomas made things feel very comfortable for me & I left feeling happy which isn't usually the case. Thanks Nadine.

Author: Laura Teague
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This new triage service is awful. This is the beginning of the end for the NHS. Rubbish, rubbish, rubbish
