Practice: WICKHAM PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: G84607
Postcode: BR4 9PS
Google Maps title: Wickham Park Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wickham+Park+Surgery/@51.3768347,-0.0256719,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487600387f641c2b:0x8e91a6c06d664709!8m2!3d51.3768314!4d-0.0230916!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdmjyzn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84607-wickham-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richard Wraith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
1 Stars is 1 too many! This place has gone from bad to diabolical. Their new "Triage" is nothing more than yet another way to stop people even trying to seek out an appointment. Now you have to "Apply" for a chance to book an appointment online, and only if they send you the link to book it. They're doing absolutely everything possible to ensure that their patients get the least amount of healthcare possible! Ten years I've been trying to get their doctors to solve a breathing/coughing problem! Yet One call with Dr Care Anywhere, and we have a solution! Something none of these doctors ever made mention of in the endless amounts of visits made, and tests that were not needed. If this were a business, it would have closed down years ago for failing to deliver anything of value. It's a community embarrassment.

Author: Markie Egan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a prescription for my mental health and was being given emails every month by this surgery to pick it up from my local pharmacy. After 4 months when i called to say i need a prescription again the receptionist said they have never done that and claimed i was lying so I asked to speak to the doctor who prescribed my medication and I got no where. Awful horrible staff who don't take mental health seriously and claim that you're a liar. I suggest don't go here unless you want your mental health to be worse than it already is.

Author: Lee
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lee3 reviews3 months ago

Author: Fran
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Fran3 reviews4 months ago

Author: Nirav Amin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazingly efficient and caring staff and doctors! Dr Mittal and Dr Mustapha have always been very swift, responsive and helpful whenever we’ve needed help. The new triage system seems to work well to improve efficient flow! Thanks to your team

Author: MJ S
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worthless especially for mental health. My counsellor wrote to them because he said my local GP would be able to provide face to face local support and advice on local services. How little he knew! He wrote to them after I told him it was pointless, telling them how bad my mental health was and asking them to signpost me for support. They offered nothing except telling me to go to a+e, no suggestion of any services I could use just "go to a+e and tell someone if you feel bad". Left feeling even more hopeless and depressed than when I arrived. Aside from all that, I don't think the doctor even bothered reading any of my notes or the letter that triggered the "urgent" appointment before I got there anyway, he certainly didn't seem interested in it while I was in there. He also asked me several questions twice, for which I had to repeat my answers, and then had the cheek to put on my notes that I wasn't "engaging".

Author: mira macanovic
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
disappointed

Author: Wendy
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Was left very disappointed been going to Wickham park for over 15 years and ever never experienced anything like I have today was due for a physio session was running abit late due to traffic never the less I called up and let them know I was going to be running a bit late ended up being 5 minutes late and was waiting to be called up waited 10 minutes eventually got called up to the physio doctor saying he couldn’t see me as he was fully booked which doesn’t make sense what so ever as I was only 5 minutes late and waited 10 minutes to be called up there’s usually a grace period of 10/15 minutes there was no one else waiting to be looked at the doctor didn’t even allow me to speak and just basically told me to get out very rude man alots changed at my GP which isn’t good it’s going down hill I will be reporting the following doctor and taking this matter further

Author: Chantelle Hall
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I am leaving this review specifically for Erin & Dr Mustapha. I have had some mixed interactions with the surgery over the years, but nothing too concerning however in April this year my health took a bit of a nosedive which has resulted in my making numerous visits to the surgery, Beckenham Beacon and the PRU. After some worrying test results, I called the surgery hoping to make an appointment to see Dr Mustapha very soon. Erin took my call and patiently listened while I explained my circumstances and why I needed to see my GP urgently. She checked my records and not only made me an appt for two days later, she also aligned it with a appt I already had for a blood test, so that I would only need to make one visit. Not only was it a relief to have such a quick response, I genuinely appreciated Erin compassion and understanding. My appt two days later with Dr Mustapha was also a really positive interaction. I had seen a locum a few weeks earlier who was unhelpful and refused to listen to me- instead telling me that he already knew what was wrong as he's seen it before... he was wrong. Anyway, I was keen to see Dr Mustapha instead this time. Dr Mustapha took his time to listen to and understand my health concerns and then laid out a plan to hopefully get me well again. I left feeling seen and heard (a complete turnaround after the experience with the locum doctor) and I believe that I am being taken seriously and have follow up care arranged. Thank you both for your kind approach to patient care.

Author: Roberto’s next chapter! X Oliveira
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dear [Doctor’s Surgery Name or Practice Manager], I hope this letter finds you well. I am writing to share some feedback about my recent experiences at your practice in the hope that it will help improve the service for all patients. Firstly, I have noticed that personal information is often discussed in an area adjacent to the waiting room, where conversations can be easily overheard. This lack of privacy can be uncomfortable and embarrassing for patients who need to share sensitive information. I would kindly suggest that the practice consider using a more private space for these discussions to ensure patient confidentiality. Additionally, I have found it challenging to secure an appointment within a reasonable timeframe. It often takes a week or more to get an appointment, and the phone lines are consistently busy, especially when trying to call at 8:00 in the morning. This makes it difficult for patients to access timely care. I believe that addressing these issues would greatly enhance the patient experience and ensure that everyone feels comfortable and respected when seeking care at your practice. Thank you for taking the time to consider this feedback. I appreciate the care and dedication of your team and hope that these suggestions can help improve the overall experience for everyone. Kind regards, [Roberto.
