Practice: BANK HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: G84609
Postcode: BR6 7BA
Google Maps title: Bank House Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bank+House+Surgery/@51.3591923,0.0676817,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ab47885910bb:0xd6fab49453d7ce99!8m2!3d51.359189!4d0.070262!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1w36jv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84609-bank-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Erin Grunfeld
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The people working there are lovely but there’s been two occasions now where they’ve referred me but not actually completed it leaving me waiting for over a month while in pain. It’s a shame they have to let themselves down in such a way

Author: Michelle Bennett
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Prior to this year whilst I was registered with the surgery I had very little contact . This year proved a challenging one health wise and I am grateful to Dr Sharma and the staff for their professionalism and responsiveness- I have had excellent communication from Dr Sharma and holistic patient centred care- care. I am and remain grateful to the practice for their care kindness and competence.

Author: Love Music
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
not nice surgery doctors not nice and staff

Author: G ransville
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My husband and I have been patients of Doctor V. Sharma for many years and we find her very caring and attentive. Bankhouse surgery Team is very easy to access and the reception staff are very helpful. We are very comforted to know that they will listen to our problems and direct us to the appropriate medical team member. We thank them all for their kind attention. N. W. Lyall

Author: Amie Fisher
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We had been with this surgery for 14 years, and it truly breaks my heart to say how much things have changed. Over the past year or so, the care has really gone downhill. What was once a warm, welcoming place with kind and compassionate staff has sadly become cold and unhelpful. It’s been such a disappointing experience, especially after so many years of loyalty. We’ve now moved our whole family to a new surgery, and even within just a few days, the care we’ve received there has been so much better. It’s heartbreaking, really — this used to be a lovely village doctors that we trusted and valued.

Author: Andy Brown
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My mum changed to back house surgery in 2019 due to a decline in her health. Since the she has been treated and supported consistently, with dignity, in a timely manner and overarched with her in the centre. Response times are excellent and an excellent relationship exists between Surgery and the Pharmacy , communication is always right. Great surgery run by great people and run for the community.

Author: Jimmy FisherTV
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If the shoe was on the other foot and doctors were making continuous mistakes, you would want answers. Yet they continue to be rude and unhelpful. Worse GP surgery around the area. Please employ staff that actually know what they are doing. Thank you.

Author: Callum
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Sharma is always brilliant with my family. Thank you!

Author: Andrew Preston
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Say what you like about Dr's receptionists, and plenty do, but I have to say that twice in the last two weeks the lovely, polite, kind, helpful and empathetic women behind the counter here have stopped what they were doing and got me out of a fix. Tracking down lost prescriptions, reordering urgent medication and doing it with a smile. I'm a happy customer.

Author: E Latts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
My daughters and I have been with Bank House surgery for many years and I've realised that I’ve taken the support of Drs Sharma and Kulkarni plus their great team for granted. I have many examples of calling for an appt and have either received a same day call back, with a follow up face to face it needed, or had the nurse or relevant Reception/individual provide accompanying advice. A recent example of the fantastic and reassuring support from Bank House Surgery was from when I was away on holiday and called the Surgery for guidance. The Receptionist was so understanding and I received a call back from the Doctor the same day and between the Doctors and Reception, a prescription was sent to the local pharmacy and avoided a bigger health issue and a trip to the (not so) local A&E I would highly recommend Drs Sharma and Kulkarni for all age groups. I have young adults who will happily call the surgery and feel safe and confident to discuss with Reception before being followed up by the Doctors or Nurse/support team – I believe this very important. Thank you!
