Practice: GREEN STREET GREEN MED CT
Canonical code: G84627
Postcode: BR6 6BG
Google Maps title: Green Street Green Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Green+Street+Green+Medical+Centre/@51.3542097,0.087434,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8ab56f0d4f56f:0x6c731068ab37b760!8m2!3d51.3542064!4d0.0900143!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf6wm57?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G84627-green-street-green-med-ct.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Діана Тупиця
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you Dr. Smith for your understanding

Author: Zoe
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
THANK YOU green street green medical centre, both receptionists and the doctors I have seen. After being with a previous GP ( not green street green medical centre ) for 30 years, after much stress and despair they caused me, I had to leave and find another GP. My neighbour actually reccomended green street green to me and I’m so glad. Green street green has RESTORED MY FAITH in GP’s. The receptionists are so lovely, attentive and understanding, they speak to you like you’re a human being who needs help, not a thorn in their side like my previous GP. In only a short time of being with green street green, I have seriously felt so heard and seen, I have had an ongoing issue that my previous gp refused to help me with. Green street green make sure to get things moving as fast as they can, already, I have had two referrals which were done in a matter of a week - 2 weeks. I won’t make this review about my old GP, but let’s just say, I am relieved to have found a doctors that has both doctors and receptionists who truly care and make you feel seen and heard. I have so far seen dr higginbottom and dr craven who have truly restored my faith in doctors. Dr Riley is also great, she was in dr higginbottoms dr office and she was very kind when I was having an appointment with dr higginbottom. Dr craven has helped me so much today, I left feeling so relieved and so heard and understood. And really took her time to answer my questions and go through my problem with her. Thanks so much dr craven and dr higginbottom who was also attentive and understanding. I have not felt rushed when having an appointment, they take time to understand and listen. I wish I came to green street green sooner. I also find that they process prescription requests in a timely manner, and their online process of requesting a doctors appointment is smooth running and easy to do. I haven’t received this care from doctors in a long time. After lots of stress with my experiences of my previous GP, I feel relieved to not be experiencing negative treatment anymore. Thank you so much

Author: Gordon Davies
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new Triage system has been accused of reducing the morning phone rush and making it easier to get an appointment - I have seen no evidence of such. I love the fun game where if you try and book an appointment 5 minutes after they’re released you get nothing - leaving hours early for work to ensure I am constantly refreshing the page the moment they’re released is the highlight of my day. Incompetency seems to be a requirement in the hiring process. I have had multiple instances of putting in for a repeat prescription, spending a week with the pharmacy telling me they don’t have it yet only to eventually be informed i need a f2f appointment to continue receiving it. If i need an appointment - tell me - don’t leave me in limbo for a week only to have to wait another 2 weeks to finally get an appointment and then another week to receive the prescription.

Author: Iolande Mendes
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I think that they nice and do all they can to help people ,the only problem is something wait time in there when you are there waiting to be assisted by the doctor.

Author: phillip currell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This new triage system may suit some patients but certain older ones who struggle with the internet and need to speak with a receptionist who can book an appointment for them and when you eventually get through your told they can’t make an appointment for you you’ve got to do it online. Unbelievable!!!!!

Author: rg
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery. Everyone has always been helpful and the GPs are brilliant. Receptionists are always kind and professional.

Author: Eli Payne
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have only ever had good experiences at this surgery, especially in the last couple of years. The reception staff are exceptional and the doctors very skilled - they listen well, make you feel heard and are experienced and very helpful. Yes it can be tricky to get an appointment at times but this is the case everywhere these days with an expanding and aging population. Compared to horror stories I hear from friends I feel very lucky to have been enrolled here.

Author: Andrew Malcolm
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
In my personal opinion this practice is not fit for purpose anymore. Had an awful experience there which meant I ended up in hospital for a week. Gone completely downhill.

Author: Carmen Gheoldus
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 stars I would! Incredibly inefficient and rude staff. Registration took months and it was only after multiple escalations that I was able finally to register. I also had to pay for free prescriptions multiple times, despite requesting the GP for the prescription to be issued to my pharmacy.

Author: siddhesh sawant
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Annoyed with the service. My wife had an appointment at 8:30, however she got delayed by 10 mins, due to school drop. She had managed to book this 2 weeks in advance just to realize that she can’t see the doc because being late. It was a genuine reason why she got late. There have been instances where my wife had to wait for hours after her appointment time, to see the doctor and what they do is just apologize. So why don’t you consider our apology when we are late and that too due too with a genuine reason why. This has happened twice now and now have to wait for another 2 week to see a doctor. Patients might just die due to this wait time.
