Practice: SYDENHAM GREEN GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85024
Postcode: SE26 4TH
Google Maps title: Sydenham Green Group Practice
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 252
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sydenham+Green+Group+Practice/@51.4290392,-0.0407415,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876018710fd6c77:0xa0b52857973be1cb!8m2!3d51.4290359!4d-0.0381612!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc7xxdcl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85024-sydenham-green-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zaz Life&love
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible service, I was told to come in today at 9am to register myself to the foot clinic. I can not register online due to dylexia and find it difficult. I arrived today, and the reception stated that the person is not in today. I asked why, as I was told they was going to be. She stated she comes in but does not have an actual schedule of her coming in. I am out raged, this is the same DR surgery that accused me and my husband of child abuse, and all my son had was a birth mark, the hospital laughed and was gobsmacked. Than a friend of mine, with the same DR accused her and her partner of sexual abuse, which was actually a nappy rash. Same DR surgery that said sorry after years of neglect of my disabled brother. Which lead to negative complications, the same surgery that caused my mums irreversible heart murmer that was constantly send away, when my mum was seriously ill with ammonia. I left these DRs but my dr surgery now in perry vale (amazing by the way) asked me to refer myself to sydenham green foot clinic. Hoping they have changed after 4 years. God no, still the same. I am so disappointed in your establishment. It needs either new management or permanently shut down. Why are you treating people as if they are worth nothing. We are your customers, you are not ours. Without our community your business is worth nothing. START RESPECTING the people. Stop making false accusations Give correct information 👌 Stop thinking your surgery, DRs are more superior than the patients And provide appropriate and more appointments to patients. Stop lieing and saying you have no appointments either as thats a lie, your surgery is always empty and other surgery's such as mine and my friends and family ones sees us within 1 week most times. Regardless we are seen quickly. U think we are stupid but actually we are not. And to those still at the surgery, I promise dont be afraid, there are better surgeries out there and you won't regret it. Sydenham green was once an amazing surgery back in the day (13 years ago) But now it's and continues to go down the toilet. To patients, Take better care of your health and family and put them first.

Author: Marika
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been a patient at this surgery for years and can see the changes,.There are a mixture of amazing doctors and some that cant get you out the room fast enough and give no eye contact, but the biggest change is on reception. The original receptionists are lovely and helpful and will try and find you an appointment, the new ones are rude and dismissive, i have stood in front of one who refused to look up and acknowledge me at all, to the point where I had to ask her if she could help me, she refused to look up and barked use the other window, at the other window I was glared at and grudgingly spoken to. The new receptionists never smile and are often rude, they also love to hang up on you mid sentence during a phone call. This really lets the practice down, and if you complain it just gets brushed off. Something really needs to be done about the way patients are treated by this team. 2026 wish I could say the receptionists have improved, but they havent, its embarrassing to hear how they speak to patients, they're so rude and condescending. They ignore you when you're waiting to speak to them, then become surly and unhelpful when they finally call you over. Who manages this team!

Author: I W
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had my blood test done today at this clinic and would like to commend Stephanie, the phlebotomist who took my blood. She was extremely kind, calm, and professional throughout the process. The procedure was quick, smooth, and virtually painless, which really put me at ease. Stephanie explained everything clearly and showed genuine care, making the experience very comfortable. She is a real credit to the clinic. The receptionists were also friendly and professional and directed me clearly on where to go. The clinic was clean and well-organised, which made the overall experience pleasant. Thank you, Stephanie and staff.

Author: Jay Pusey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Person on the phone really not helpful people don’t feel well. Don’t feel good and she’s really not nice person. I don’t know her name then want to but she needs to get a new job because she doesn’t like when she does.

Author: Silvia Lopez
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Silvia LopezLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 172 photos2 months ago

Author: katerina campbell
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kilink form removes all logical assistance. If you have children they will book separate appointments for you and your children with no consideration for your illness, they will make you travel back and forth for multiple appointments while you are ill and bring your children in for their individual appointments over the course of days (no consideration for working parents). The staff are friendly while they tell you it makes no common sense and they can’t offer you one appointment to be seen together.

Author: Laura E
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid

Author: Alison Baker
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist are rude

Author: gj
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is not a good GP. First of all, unsurprisingly, the receptionists are incredibly rude, but this would be tolerable if getting an appointment wasn't like the hunger games, even with the app, which they claim appointments are available from at 6am (a complete lie). On a good day, appointments on the app are available at 8am. Today it was 8.21, and only 9 were available. By the time you book it sometimes, someone else has and you have to repeat the whole process and possibly experience the same thing again. If you CALL to get an appointment instead, by 8:05 you are the 49th person waiting. If by some chance, after the hour and a half it'll take you to get to the end of the queue, someone answers the phone, they'll tell you appointments are gone, try the app. But most of the time as it reaches the end of the call, it transfers you to another line that just rings and rings and then cuts off. You have sick and elderly patients who deserve more. – And this is just trying to get a telephone appointment. I can't even imagine what one must do to get a face to face. —————— After about 2 decades at this place, I finally moved in 2025. Much of the persistent issues I complained about there which were not addressed are now being managed elsewhere, albeit slowly. While grateful, I am extremely resentful about what could have been. The significant impact on my quality of life was preventable with a more proactive and escalated management plan by doctors. Do not bother with this place if you’re looking for care. They will waste years of your life.

Author: Tina Bynoe
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tina BynoeLocal Guide · 19 reviews · 3 photos5 months ago
