Practice: NEW CROSS CENTRE (HURLEY GROUP)
Canonical code: G85076
Postcode: SE14 6LD
Google Maps title: New Cross Health Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 223
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/New+Cross+Health+Centre/@51.4771276,-0.0344438,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487602f6dde9c95d:0x6bef07852aa24149!4m8!3m7!1s0x487602f93e4c7265:0x7191a6c019bbcb3d!8m2!3d51.4771243!4d-0.0318635!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc61w1k8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85076-new-cross-centre-hurley-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aisha Turyare
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Aisha Turyare2 weeks ago New

Author: MARGARET Omondi
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The doctor i have seen us a very good doctor - Dr Kiran Ranganathan listens to patients needs and will take time with you and explain to you everything that you need to know. Very caring about my needs. I would recommend this practice
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind words and positive review! We are thrilled to hear that you had a great experience with us at New Cross Health Centre. Your feedback is incredibly valuable to us and motivates our team to continue providing excellent service

Author: Lady Suzy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Lady Suzya month ago

Author: Emily Ribeiro
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist are really rude , they are not helpful at all , when you call is like you just bother them, this is a GP were you need to be patient with patients , don’t know who’s hiring this people.

Author: Dicu
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't usually leave reviews, but after 1 year of incredible lack of professionalism, mistakes and rudeness I do have to leave a review. I'll be specific: The referral for a cardiac condition was lost. Yes lost. I got an appology afterwhich I had to phone in every week to make sure there are no firther refferals. Guess what- there were and after 3 months I was never informed. I was told however to wait every time I called. The refferal expired so a new one was issued after I saw 6 doctors for the same symptoms. I was sent to 3 different hospitals for the same test, Lewisham told me that was unusual and asked me to update the GP- I then had to chase and tell recepton to please open the letters- but every time I called reception for a prescription update or to pass on a hospital letter I'd need to make an appointment with the GP. No- not with them on the phone- online. because reception just wouldn't- I felt patronised and I could never finish my sentence. I once had to insist on a blood form because even after giving my NHS number there was no record... until there was. I was brushed off to make online appointments before even finishing my "Good morning"- The last drop was waiting again 2h after having an appointment and witnessing another patient who didn't speak good English, being told off at reception that they didn't have an appointment, after I saw them checkin succesfully on the machine. And there is this teenager "Daniel" answering phone calls, not listening as they're caught up in giggles with others yet still able to give you attitude. I would brace myself every time I called, to have to repeat my date of birth 3 times and was even told once when I returned a doctor's call- that there was no record that I was called. Of course I had been called- as my voice mail didn't lie and yes-it was important. I thought all surgeries were like that, pressure on the NHS etc. Then I discovered Deptford Surgery. and I literally felt like I escaped a toxic relationship where I had been gaslit to believe it is normal to be treated so disrespectfully.

Author: Joshua Mancini Lanzi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to my blood test appointment, but my GP provided only a digital form, which they would not accept. I was not given an option to print it. The NHS is collapsing; the staff were rude and did not want to work. This behaviour is unacceptable.

Author: Mary London
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Imagine brining my little brother who has complex learning disabilities and epileptic for an appointment. His appointment was 11:20 and we waited for over 40min and was still not seen. I approached the receptionist to asks the waiting time. She is speaking to me as if I had no right to asks. The most incentive, unprofessional approach to patients. Also she said is he is Next, however, five patients later we continued to wait in the waiting room with an adult with complex leaning disabilities without any reassurance. As a healthcare professional myself it was so sad to experience such incentive unprofessional individual. I would like to say I respect the GPs can run very late but it would be nice to keep patients informed and when patient approach to asks for an update they should feel comfortable to do so. Now I understand why my mum avoids attending this GP practice. The GPs are always lovely but admin don’t seem to reflect the service. My brother started to get agitated therefore, I had to take him out of the surgery. I actually feel empathy for those patient who have no advocacy. I finally managed to see the GP 2 weeks after the above experience of waiting to be seen. As mentioned prior the GPs and very lovely and empathetic. The GP who I saw really took into consideration my brother’s needs while assessing him. Although, I had a negative experience at the front door. I had a great experience with the clinical staff. I would like to say thank you 😊

Author: Dee Walton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always polite ,has time to listen to you

Author: vondell dixon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Fisher was very good

Author: Atousa Shiran
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Generally speaking, I really don’t like leaving negative reviews, I don’t think anybody does to be honest. However I’m writing this review here to help any patients who are looking for a new GP to make an informed decision. If you’re hoping to receive support or guidance regarding a health concern/issue this is not the place to go to. Don’t be misled by the term ‘Health Centre’ they could not care less about your health or wellbeing. The reception staff are incredibly rude, unhelpful and far from professional and are in desperate need of some training. Any training. Please, it’s frankly embarrassing for the practice. If you want to show up with a very simple health concern to then be told by an advance nurse practitioner ‘we don’t do that here’, to get passed around, have your time wasted and be treated poorly, then this place is ideal. However if you’re looking for genuinely qualified healthcare professionals who are competent and have basic care for their patients, I strongly recommend being kind to yourself and looking elsewhere. I will of course be filing a formal complaint aswell they are a joke.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for sharing your feedback. We are very sorry to hear about your experience and are keen to investigate your concerns thoroughly. However, the details provided are quite general, and we would appreciate it if … More
