Practice: VALLEY ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: G85044
Postcode: SW16 2XT
Google Maps title: Valley Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Valley+Road+Surgery/@51.428632,-0.1219694,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876069faedb7b87:0x4870b4eed90a972!8m2!3d51.4286287!4d-0.1193891!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6k_qqd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85044-valley-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Olena Hushcha
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered in two another surgeries before, and this one is the best for me. Girls on reception are the sweetest, always so polite and helpful, trying to do their best and stay positive after hard working day ( I usually come after 5 pm). Doctors are always polite, I don’t feel they are rushing and always happy to reply to my all questions and do their best to help me. I usually catch my appointments using nhs app for me and my son without any problems. Thank you guys so much ❤️

Author: Richard Fitzsimmons
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I love that place one of the best that's where I get me nearly surgery check it's amazing

Author: Shaun Michael
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was in desperate need of an asthma inhaler on one occasion (born with asthma allergies), and I had to remind the receptionist she is not a doctor and therefore does not have the right to deny me a prescription. A doctor finally called me back, and had 0 questions, instead said "lets get you that much need prescription, as you shouldn't be without an inhaler." The doctors are great, but the receptionists often indulge in Constant gatekeeping, unfriendly and unhelpful behaviour. Considering to move, after a call today for another health issue (i try not to call often due to the attitude of receptionists), after the similar unhelpfulness, i decided i guess i will deal with it myself.

Author: Ali Tahir
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff is very rude ( not all) they don't know how to talk and explain today my wife and my daughter have an appointment it's said between 11 to 11.30am the is 12.45 almost when I asked them how long more then she don't know how to talk

Author: Millionaire Noire
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery used to be one of the most fantastic practices, with exceptionally helpful and friendly receptionists. Unfortunately, my recent experiences have been quite different. I’ve found some of the reception staff to be unhelpful and seemingly gatekeeping appointments. I don’t believe it’s appropriate for receptionists to make decisions about whether a patient’s request for an urgent appointment is justified. Without access to my full medical history or records, it’s not possible to make that judgment fairly or safely.

Author: Davide Gostoli
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Davide Gostoli2 reviews5 months ago

Author: Subfantic
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception customer service poor. When I just joined I was impressed with the level of service. Not sure what has happened but it's as if they don't want you to call so they make the experience as difficult as possible.

Author: Valerie Jane
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Unfortunately had to drop from five stars to two! Have to book an appointment two weeks in advance. Only now receive diagnosis through a text. Recently had to go Leigham Practice (fab place) for treatment for a sprain knee, even they were shocked I hadn’t been given strong painkillers after seeing my knee. No one to one patient care anymore.. Receptionist are cold with the exception of one or two. Car park always full from the teaching staff at Sunnyhill School, seen disabled patients having to park further away and walk to the surgery! School ( I emailed the school) or surgery don’t seem to care.

Author: Carol Brunell
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
GP Dr Dobson of Valley Road Surgery, five star service from you, especially when all Dr's are under immense pressure, much appreciated. Carol

Author: Abigail Collins
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I am SO sorry to have to edit my review and knock off stars. Valley Rd is a GREAT practice, but getting an appointment has become impossible. You're still a 5 stars for care given - but not being able to access a GP for more than 2 weeks means that I have no choice but to look elsewhere :'( I'm really sorry to leave and I know the issue is because of the state of the NHS. But even with the process of registration I will have an appointment with the new practice sooner than if I stayed at Valley Rd.
