Practice: FALMOUTH ROAD GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85029
Postcode: SE1 4JW
Google Maps title: Falmouth Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 526
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Falmouth+Road+Surgery/@51.4967022,-0.0958543,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876035f82a5ca47:0x356b36f7606e002e!8m2!3d51.4966989!4d-0.093274!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tywxf73?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85029-falmouth-road-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anna
Date: Edited 2 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
This GP practice changed for the better. I’ve been frustrated tor years having problems to book appointments and get help. Recently, when I had to contact them about a health problem this was rather straightforward through the app, they also offered options for non urgent medical issues which is great. The staff is pleasant and profesional, apart from doctors I’ve been interacting with nurses and receptionists and the experience was always positive. Whilst with non urgent appointments there’s a 2-5 days waiting time for a call back, this is a positive change knowing that there’s always a follow up with the patient.

Author: Angel Heart
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This has got to be the worst GP Surgery I have ever joined. I joined this surgery over a year ago, and it has been one of the worst decisions I have ever made. I am disabled and I have a lot of illnesses. A couple of my disabilities leave me in excruciating pain, for which I was given various pain killing medications to help me control the pain. The surgery decided that they were not happy with the medication I was taking to manage the pain and referred me to the pain clinic. The doctor I spoke to at the pain clinic, decided that not only was she going to change my medication, but she was also going to rediagnose my disabilities and illnesses, merge them all together, and call it Fybromyalgia. She then completely removed one of my pain medications and instructed the surgery to "wean," me off the other medication. This has been almost a year since this happened, and I have been left with almost no medication to help with the pain. I have begged the surgery over and over again to find out what is going on and why I have not had a follow-up appointment with the pain clinic, or why I have been left unable to sleep or function properly because of the amount of pain I am in every single day, and I get no response from the surgery. It has gotten so bad that the mental health problems I have begun to spiral out of control. I have not been out of my home for months, I had to apply for a Cancard so I can legally purchase alternative help, so I can sleep and function a little throughout the day. It was either that or cutting my own wrists. I have told the surgery how this is affecting me, and I still get no response. So, if you are vulnerable like me, please do not join this surgery. My disabilities were the result of injuries I sustained during an assault. My experiences with this surgery have traumatised me all over again. This is not the first review I have written about Falmouth Road Surgery. The first one I wrote when I joined the practice in 2021, but they apologised and promised that they would do better, so I removed the review as a gesture of goodwill and because they asked me to, I regret it now, and I will not be removing this one. How can this be fake or misleading, just because I have used a name that they may not be familiar with, doesn't make my review fake. It is not fake, it is genuine, and falmouth road surgery know. This is not my first review about them, they begged me to take down the first one, and said they would do better but they haven't. So they need to stop trying to silence me, and start doing better.

Author: Lee Thomson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I have waited 4 weeks for blood test results. Two appointments booked between 9am to 12pm, the doctor didn’t call either time. Third appointment booked for 9:30am and I receive a text message at 8:05am advising my appointment has been cancelled. This “surgery” is refusing to give me my blood test results. The doctor’s here are monsters, go elsewhere.

Author: chinyelu ugoagbala
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service from this GP-Falmouth Surgery. The team (especially Dr Rogers, Dr Lee, Maureen, Ibtisam, and Sharif) are very diligent, compassionate, and efficient. They always create a positive environment for their patients, which is very therapeutic. Moreover, always give me a listening ear, ensure my health is taken care of, and are very swift in their service. Truly impeccable service!

Author: aurora moruzzi-lee
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Everytime I make an appointment with this surgery something goes wrong. They forget to call back, they don’t tell me when an appointment is cancelled, i don’t think you could get an unorganised as this doctors

Author: Michele (Goldi)
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
most painless blood test ever. Thank you Muhammad Ali Shuja

Author: Alexandra
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Ali provided excellent care.

Author: josephine chen
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
josephine chenLocal Guide · 12 reviews · 16 photos3 weeks ago New

Author: Anjanaa N
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Doctor was great, horrendous waiting time. Had a morning appointment and was seen 30 mins later and no consideration about the wait time being so long, impacting patients days. Can surely be improved

Author: Benzy Of Benzy
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Below is my review from about 7 years ago. Unfortunately it's a world away from the experience I have using this place in 2026. They are completely useless these days. There is no sense of personal interest in any issues we have. My partner regularly has prescription delays leaving her without medication for up to a week. On numerous occasions things have been delayed only for us to find out they are waiting for us to go in for a test we had no idea we needed... And then to find out we didn't need it after all. The last time we spoke to them on the phone the person openly said they had no idea what was going on with our case. The place itself feels more and more threadbare every time I go in. We've been on hold for up to an hour and been transferred to the wrong surgery. Sadly my recommendation would be to avoid this place entirely. ---------------------------- This surgery has recently been taken over and the experiences I've had have been excellent. Appointments will need to be booked quite far in advance as it is a busy surgery, but on occasion I have turned up at around 0740 and got myself an appointment that day before lunch. Not bad at all.
Practice response date: 6 years ago
Practice response:
Dear Mr Foster Thank you for taking the time to review our GP surgery. We are pleased that you … More
