Practice: TORRIDON ROAD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85032
Postcode: SE6 1RB
Google Maps title: Torridon Road Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Torridon+Road+Medical+Practice/@51.4400495,-0.0045937,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760207c7ce6eeb:0x627d346dbb0713b!8m2!3d51.4400462!4d-0.0020134!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td4d083?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85032-torridon-road-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dave Jarvis
Date: 18 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
Any GP surgery is as good as its doctors. Some doctors at this surgery have very poor medical skills, others have very poor personal skills, some have both. My experience over the last 15 years is that if you do not take the incentive to protect your own health with serious issues they can cause significant harm.

Author: adam S
Date: 21 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing GP

Author: Erun Idumwonyi-Dee
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Guia Cruz is amazing ! Shes so friendly and very welcoming. She made me feel very calm and at ease during one of my procedures. I’ve recommended her to a lot of people!

Author: Shan
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
I have always received a great service from the receptionists -who are very efficient & helpful -thank you- unfortunately only 3 stars because after seeing the GP yesterday- i took my daughter to Urgent care & was advised she should have been given 10 day course of Antibiotics instead of 5 or 7 as the last two GP ‘s have prescribed- poor service & needless suffering

Author: Stella Okoh
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to share my experience to other patient who visit Torridon surgery. Deaths could be avoided if one was seen by a GP urgently and referral would be made immediately. As an ex patient of Torridon surgery I had to take an immediate decision to change from Torridon to another surgery . I got transferred from my previous surgery to Torridon due to my moving home. For four and half years I was unable to see a GP at Torridon as I noticed lump and made all attempts to book an appointment to see a GP but to no avail. I got up one morning wanted until 8.55am I rang the surgery and I was the first on the line and at 9am when the receptionist answered I was told that it was fully booked . So when was the GP appointment list fully booked while I was told that one suppose to call on the day for an appointment. Another important factor was my medication, I will request for my repeat prescription a week before I finished my medication yet on getting to the chemist the prescription will not be sent through or if at all it came through it will be half and missing my most important medication. I will end up pleading to the chemist to borrow me a packet so they can it take off when my prescription comes through. Then I will walk to surgery to ask why my prescription was not sent through and no reason will be given. It happened again so I decided to transfer to another surgery. The week that I registered with another surgery that same week I was seen by a GP who looked at my lump and immediately referred me to the hospital. I can confirm that the hospital had ran six types of scan and with more scan to come. You can now understand why I started that some deaths can be avoided if you have a good and caring people working at a surgery. My fellow sisters and brothers, mum, and dad it could have been worst for me if I had remained with Torridon surgery. So always make a positive and speedy decision to safe your life as life has no duplicate. Therefore I join the other unsatisfied patients to confirm that Torridon surgery need to be overhaul.

Author: Bilal Chohan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr austin is not qualified to be working here. How is she a dr suggesting my sister to take 8 co codamol tablets a day and further saying it has no side effects apart from being "addicting". We consult with another Dr who tells us to never take 8 a day as it can damage your liver & lungs. Who hired this doctor, genuinely? No professionalism, no care for her job and suggesting inappropriate dosage

Author: Edward Scoble
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Refuse to provide BSL interpreter and claim they don’t offer such service despite their website and even the screen in the waiting room said they do.

Author: Viorel Peta P E T E
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Viorel Peta P E T E12 reviewsa month ago

Author: Abimbola Esther
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent

Author: Valerie Ighavbota
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid “Dr” Jawaria like the plague. Rude, arrogant and all round bad at her job. 3 times I tried to avoid having her in an appointment, that leads me to the reception. One time they left me on hold for over 20 mins, as if it wasn’t saying I was the only person in the queue. When I called them out on this I got a VERY passive “thank you ma’am have a nice day”. Yeah please stop going so they can all lose their jobs, none deserve it.
