Practice: HERNE HILL GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85016
Postcode: SE24 9QP
Google Maps title: Herne Hill Group Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 113
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Herne+Hill+Group+Practice/@51.4557498,-0.1017693,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487604747200d9b9:0xde3b3ddfcaaf00!8m2!3d51.4557465!4d-0.099189!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf79krv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85016-herne-hill-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Deepti Sastry
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
Just spoke with reception to book an appt, a nurse had asked me to do that. Was told I can’t do this at reception any more, which is fine. I was asked if I have the NHS app and said no. The receptionist- rather shocked that I don’t have the app for the NHS - seemed to think it was appropriate to ask if I had the internet. What is it about reception staff who seem to think that everyone knows how to use their systems? I haven’t been to see the GP in years and now I remember why I don’t

Author: Si
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Firstly, I just like to say, I am very happy with Herne Hill Group Practice. The staff there are so lovely! My issue is to do with the new appointment system…. I have now used the new system to book an appointment for my son. Absolutely awful service. Hacking is now a real thing! In order to book for my son, I have to put in my own details. We don’t have the same surname. Now we’re linked on a vulnerable site. If someone needs to book for me, I now need to disclose my business to them 1st before they can book. When calling it was only the receptionist then the Doctor. Now it’s loads of little boxes to fill out. Lack of GP’s is what makes the 8am appointment service treacherous because everyone is calling at the same time. By the time you get through, all appointments are gone. We need more GP’s to deliver a good service. Not making a new costly online service that’s awful to navigate. What is happening to human contact?

Author: Bny Murphy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
This GP is absolutely amazing and I feel incredibly lucky to have them as my GP. They do everything they can to help in times of need.

Author: Leah Whittingham
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been very disappointed with this surgery, for both myself and my daughter. There is a steady stream of new doctors, who all are stressed out and defensive. There is very little support from staff. You could get lucky and get a good doctor, i did once in the 20 years i have been a patient, but she left very quickly.

Author: D.E. Stenvoll-Wells
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
This practice has looked after me and my family for 9 years. Yes, they are overworked and understaffed like all NHS GPs, but they work hard to deliver for their patients, and usually do so in a friendly manner. I have had excellent care from their practitioners, and to hear my neighbours tell it, they compare quite well to the other practices in the area. I appreciate they are doing their best within an underfunded system, and feel with the proper resources they could compare with any private GP.

Author: Laura Lane
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always found the doctors here to be very caring and supportive.

Author: Charles Rice
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
On Friday I phoned for an appointment I was told I was 21 in the queue yet within half an hour a receptionist called back and gave me a telephone appointment with a doctor. By 11 o’clock the doctor called me and then asked me to come into the surgery at 12. I had a great session with Dr Lamb got my poo and blood test kits a forms. A brilliant polite and efficient service thanks to all of

Author: Robyn Michaels
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Robyn MichaelsLocal Guide · 16 reviews3 months ago

Author: Christina G
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
This GP has improved over the years and has seemed to have taken the previously negative comments on board with regards to their booking system. It's now much easier to get appointments even if they are over the phone. The nurses continue to be amazing and very good at their jobs (Yvonne in particular is superb and a credit to the surgery). I do feel their system needs looking into as there is sometimes confusion (letters and messages sent out in error - for example my mother was advised to come in and pick up a blood test letter and when she arrived on her only day off from work, was told the message was sent in error). They also don't really come back to me about results etc.. which is disappointing.

Author: London Resident
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist super helpful and understanding of my health condition, and enjoyed speaking to him on 22 Oct, but my requested GP has left practice, so had to book with different GP.
