Practice: WELLS PARK PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85114
Postcode: SE26 6JQ
Google Maps title: Wells Park Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 196
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wells+Park+Practice/@51.4305704,-0.0628943,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487601620c5d24f9:0xa479de7716da7162!8m2!3d51.4305671!4d-0.060314!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfbsc22?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85114-wells-park-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Karam IESSA
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
I have received good treatment at this practice and the staff have been helpful and professional. However, the information about disabled parking was confusing. The website suggests disabled parking is available, but the car park is marked as staff-only and reception confirmed it is for staff only. Clearer information or provision for disabled patients would be appreciated.

Author: Hannah Ashenden
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Joyce was so helpful with arranging an appointment for my son despite really tricky schedules. Thank you for your help today!

Author: Amy K
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
This is a solid GP practice overall and they have made improvements recently, which show. When you get to see a doctor, they’re really great – thorough, caring, and they follow up like they promise. Babies and kids usually get seen the same day for urgent illness and the nurses are fantastic with vaccines and routine care. Routine procedures are done well, and if you book ahead, you’ve usually got a few options for appointment times. Most appointments run on time, which is always a relief, though every now and then things run a bit late – totally understandable given how busy it gets. Getting through on the phone can be a pain, and the triage system isn’t super clear. It would be helpful to know straight away if you’re not going to be seen that day so you can book a private appointment if needed. All in all, it’s a good practice. Not perfect, but in the current NHS climate, they’re doing their best. Worth having them as your main GP, and if you can, keeping a private backup option handy.

Author: Trevor Edwards
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent proactive support from Dr Gupta and team.

Author: Lucy AG
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors have always been helpful but you cannot access them due to the insane booking system and no ability to access on site or on the phone. Avoid at all costs if you any urgent care needs.

Author: Leslie Gilotti
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
The only way you can get an appointment is via their atrocious online system which doesn’t work.

Author: Tariano Christie
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I contacted this GP surgery due to a knee problem that has left me unable to walk properly, expecting some level of medical support. Instead, I received a generic message stating there were no GP appointments available and advising me to contact NHS 111, a walk-in clinic, or a pharmacist. Concerned and confused, I went into the surgery in person to ask why I couldn’t be seen. Only then was I told I could get an appointment — two weeks later — something that was not made clear in the original message. If I had not physically gone into the practice, I would never have known an appointment was even possible. To make matters worse, the appointment offered is a telephone call, not a face-to-face consultation, despite the fact that I have a mobility issue that clearly requires proper assessment. This experience reflects a wider and worrying issue with GP access since the pandemic. Patients are being discouraged, deflected, and left in pain with vague messages and poor communication. People should not have to chase, argue, or physically attend the surgery just to be told the truth about appointment availability. Even the guy at the receptionist while talking to me he was fumbling over his words and he was not saying anything with conviction. It’s like a child telling a bunch of lies to get out of her situation. No direct eye contact nothing! Frankly, it feels like patients are being left to suffer, and in some cases, this kind of delay could have serious consequences. The system is failing the very people it is meant to care for. I know the kind of medication I need for this situation because I had to turn to Google to ask for answers so it’s not like I can go to the pharmacy and purchase this over-the-counter. I would definitely need a prescription for it if these people are working on behalf of the NHS then they need to do much better No wonder why people are leaving this country and going abroad because I recently visited Turkey and I could just walk into ANY pharmacy and get any medication I need but then again that’s turkey for you but this country is something else. And if I choose to go to A&E, I am not considered a priority. What these people don’t realise that anyone that has any sort of sickness or ailment will be scared and want urgent treatment but you have to wait two weeks to get an appointment that’s a Ludacris. I remember at least five years ago you could contact your GP and get an appointment next day. But I guess this Country is changing and changing for the worst. Extremely disappointing experience. No wonder why your Google ratings is what they are because I believe you should be trying to fix these ratings rather than pushing people to leave -ones. I think I will be moving to another GP

Author: Michelle Hemmingfield
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've had some bad experiences in the past, the every interaction I've had with the surgery for the past year has been brilliant. I've been seeing quickly and by talented and caring professionals ❤️

Author: Tiffiny Elise ivy
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The absolute worst doctors ever. They will put their life on the line just so you can’t get a doctors appointment even if you’re genuinely sick or need a doctors. Literally the worst Gp you’ll ever come across in your life. You’re better off travelling 10 mins down the road and going to one in Penge or Forest Hill atleast that way you’ll be in with a chance of getting an appointment and being seeing.

Author: Ilse I
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Difficult to get a booking. Once date is given its two weeks away.
