Practice: MAWBEY GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85130
Postcode: SW8 2UD
Google Maps title: Mawbey Group Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 145
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mawbey+Group+Practice/@51.4795854,-0.1304754,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMAWBEY+GROUP+PRACTICE+SW8+2UD!3m8!1s0x487604f13e119e13:0x4e6c7491e5d39db6!8m2!3d51.4795854!4d-0.1257118!9m1!1b1!15sCh1NQVdCRVkgR1JPVVAgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgU1c4IDJVRFofIh1tYXdiZXkgZ3JvdXAgcHJhY3RpY2Ugc3c4IDJ1ZJIBFGdlbmVyYWxfcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVymgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVU5xTFRrM1JWbG5FQUXgAQD6AQQIABBB!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9trjsf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85130-mawbey-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: What About-it
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Ableist practice who discriminate disabled patients. I highly suggest any patient in the practice hesitate in making a ‘complaint’, aka reporting negligence, to the practice manager, as you will be kicked out for doing so. The practice manager appears to be very vindictive if you expect her to follow through with an arrangement she herself made and then ask her why when she does not. Regarding the negligence? Well I haven’t been able to stand up and walk for a decade and my GP did not once refer me to the NHS wheelchair service even when I had to bring it up so, what other than negligence could that be defined as? I also have a congenital lump in my skull (which was meant to be regularly monitored for changes but never was) and had been experiencing intense pressure and pain in my eye while also feeling with my own hand that the shape has changed when I felt my skull. I asked my GP for the first time to be referred for a scan so this could be investigated, and what did my Doctor say? No. She refused to. So that was that. But when the practice manager ‘investigates’ negligence by simply going over your notes, do you think they will find that information? No. No doctor will log that they explicitly refused referring a patient with a changed lump in their skull and pressure in their eye on the system and have their name and therefore responsibility attached to it. Just two serious issues among many in a practice where managementclearly have absolutely no intention of being accountable or improving. To patients in the practice who have a gp that is not doing due diligence: get out for your own safety. Because while there very well could be another great doctor in the practice who will care enough and could help you as you should have been, the current practice manager will stop this from happening by removing you for expecting past and current serious issues to be addressed and openly discussed, which instead will have you removed to avoid doing so. Prospective people, if you value your sanity and wellbeing, run for the hills (assuming you’re able bodied as a Mawbey GP liked to assume of myself citing depression as the reason 10 years ago) but that’s just the standard woman’s experience in any healthcare system right? It’s all in your head and nothing a bit of philanthropy won’t cure! Expect nothing more from a practice where context and a person’s conditions have no bearing on what they determine to be a justifiable reason to kick you out. The moment you ask for evidence printed, the moment you ask why they didn’t follow through with their arrangement, the moment you have a condition and medication that will be costly, they will boot you. As I was. Oh and they’ll consider this, though it’s stating facts, as malicious as they perceive everything I say to be, and yet when I asked for one example that warranted being kicked out in my email communication, they couldn’t provide me one instead choosing to ghost me, what more would you expect from a GP practice who advocate for mental health while with intention damaging your own. Mawbey cities a ‘personal attack’ as their reason while then proceeding to attack me, my character, my manner, personally. The majority of reviews know what’s up, and yet for some reason Mawbey don’t. You can even see the vindictive tone in the responses reviews get, and this is the practice that will claim to feel under a attack for a few emails asking questions. You do not want to improve if you do not want to acknowledge your failings. There is nothing more twisted than a practice kicking you out for your ‘manner’ of speech when one of their own gp’s who is also a practice partner made intentionally derisive comments to me to cause harm during appointments at only 19 years old. Which it did. Unless you have a lifetime guarantee of good health, take my experience into consideration. Wishing all people with disabilities find a doctor who shows you the respect, care and listening skills we all deserve in a system set up to undermine us and make everything 10x harder than it already is 💕

Author: Chosen1 Rog
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This was a good Health centre when I first joined 20+ years ago, which got worse after covid. They have now surpassed their lack of empathy and understanding. You are regularly cut off whilst in their phone queuing system, only for a robot receptionist to fabricate a lie saying they have spoken with a GP and tell you that you have to submit a request online, in which if it is answered you will get an appointment for 2 whole weeks later and thats if they even bother to reply to your online request. Dealing with this lot is like signing your own death wish!!

Author: Fican Abukar
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fican Abukar2 reviews2 months ago

Author: Ned Elliott
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thanks for all the help this year with various tiresome ailments. Always gave the support I needed, much appreciated!

Author: Sara Petracca
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I called to have some information today and a woman laugh when i was asking questions. NOT profetional at all. People calling GP for health problems, there Is nothing to laugh about that .

Author: mbllivestock
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely disappointing experience at Mawbey Group Practice. Calls were ignored, the online system for medication does not work, and the reception staff were rude and unprofessional. This has been an ongoing issue for years and directly affects patients’ health.

Author: Mohammed
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very concerning experience at Mawbey Group Practice. Unable to get medication due to a broken online system, unresponsive phone lines, and unprofessional reception staff. This repeated issue poses a serious health risk.”

Author: Carlos Baquero
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dear Mawbey Group Practice, I am writing to express my deep dissatisfaction with the service I have received from your practice over the past two years. For more than two years, I have been requesting that my GP sign and send a referral letter to the Sexual Health Clinic, where I am supposed to receive treatment for a personal health issue. I have submitted this letter on four separate occasions, asking for it to be signed and forwarded, but this has never been done. Two days ago, I called the practice again to follow up. I was informed over the phone that there would be no problem — that I could visit the GP in person and have the letter signed and handed directly to me. However, when I arrived at the reception, I spoke with Daniella Valencia, who told me that the information I received was incorrect. She explained that I had to leave the letter once again and that I would be contacted once Dr. Camilla Gorad signed it, as no other doctor could do so. Since then, I have been trying to contact the practice by phone all day, but no one has answered. Additionally, I would like to raise a concern regarding my treatment for Helicobacter pylori. Last year, I had this infection three times. Dr. Camilla Gorad ordered the tests, and I asked her for a referral for an endoscopy, given that the infection kept recurring every three months. She informed me that if my last test came back negative, she would then consider it. Although the final test did come back negative, my symptoms continued. Despite this, she refused to refer me for an endoscopy and instead prescribed only omeprazole. I was forced to pay privately in my home country for an endoscopy, where the results showed that I have a hiatal hernia and several other issues affecting my oesophagus and stomach. I find the level of care and communication at this practice extremely disappointing. As a taxpayer who contributes regularly, I believe I am entitled to a more professional and responsive healthcare service. Moreover, the ongoing delay with the referral letter for the Sexual Health Clinic has had a serious impact on my personal life and well-being. This issue has affected me deeply, even leading to the breakdown of my relationship. It is unacceptable that I have had to wait more than a year for a simple signature and referral to be completed. I respectfully request that this matter be investigated thoroughly and that I finally receive the appropriate support and attention for both of these ongoing issues.
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback, which does sound serious. This matter is being investigated and a response will be sent to you in line with our practice complaints policy.

Author: peppino peppino
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rud staff at the reception they don’t know about their Job every day is different the think they said

Author: NC
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Jasper is incredible at his job.
