Practice: THE LORDSHIP LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: G85681
Postcode: SE22 8JN
Google Maps title: The Lordship Lane Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Lordship+Lane+Surgery/@51.4484289,-0.07583,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487603c25824d2dd:0xb8cf3148a2d0de86!8m2!3d51.4484256!4d-0.0732497!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc8w2lh8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85681-the-lordship-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mr M.S.Z
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been registered in this surgery for many years now. Bless them all. They are all so nice and polite and they trying to help in their own capacity. I'm so thankful to all from reception to all the doctor's and nurses. Many thanks

Author: Alice Johnston
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I registered with this GP shortly before my baby was born. At our 6 week postpartum check, which was meant to cover both my baby’s health and my own health and recovery, when I expressed concern about pain and swelling, the doctor refused to look at my body, and told me that if I wanted someone to look I would need to book another appointment, causing me to be in pain for longer. At another appointment for my baby, while we were waiting in the waiting room, the receptionist walked over, picked up my baby, and walked away with him, leaving me following with the buggy and our things, wondering who this woman was and where she had taken my baby. There was no explanation and there was certainly no asking for permission to touch my child, and this woman stayed in the doctor’s room with us, holding my child, until I took him back. At first I thought she must be the doctor, then discovered she was the receptionist. I was so shocked and appalled (and completely sleep deprived) that I didn’t know how to react, and changed GP practices immediately. This is a completely unacceptable, unprofessional and invasive way for a member of staff to behave. I then registered with another nearby GP, 306, and have had much better experiences.

Author: Aaarndrew Booowzarrtrr
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best surgery staff polite kind sincere Very helpful and knowledgeable

Author: Erica Sainz Moreno
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am so happy with this GP. Dr M A Iqbal and Mrs Sandra are great professionals. They care about their patients.

Author: Filiann Bowater
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing and very helpful knowledgeable and very polite kind sincere staff 😀 Doctors nurses and admin and reception staff are all easy to approach and very helpful 👍 👏 😀 Salamat Thank you all God bless Andrew Bowater

Author: soumia lounis
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you are thinking of joining this surgery please don’t. I was on hold for an hour just to book an appointment and the earliest available was a month away. This is not the first time this has happened and wait times when you do go to your appointment are often over an hour.

Author: K W
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The nurse is so rude. I’ll never understand why woman with such attitudes and so cold to there patients go into nursing or if the passion has died, move career.

Author: Grace Curry
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Does this office ever answer the phone

Author: M. O.
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m extremely disappointed with this GP practice for refusing to provide essential travel vaccinations that are clearly offered free of charge under NHS guidelines. I specifically requested vaccinations for Hepatitis A, Typhoid, and Tetanus—all of which are listed as free travel vaccines on the official NHS website. Despite this, I was told the practice does not offer them, without any valid medical or legal reason. According to the NHS, general practices must provide the following travel vaccines free of charge, as they are considered important for public health: Hepatitis A Typhoid Tetanus/Diphtheria/Polio (combined booster) These vaccines are not optional or private—they are part of essential public health services. Denying patients access to these free vaccines is a breach of duty and forces unnecessary out-of-pocket costs on individuals, which is entirely unacceptable. As a result of this refusal, I will be making a formal complaint to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman, as this practice is failing to meet its NHS obligations and putting patient health at risk. I strongly urge others in the same situation to do the same. This is not just an inconvenience—it is a serious neglect of responsibility and access to care.

Author: Natalia Ochnicka
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I will never understand why NHS employs receptionists that clearly cannot be bothered to work at a surgery, you should employ young - lively individuals that have passion for work. Once you get through to this surgery, you will probably only meet with what feels like disinterest or even hostility.. No one calls a GP for fun—it’s usually because something’s wrong, and being met with an unhelpful attitude can really add stress to an already stressful situation.
