Practice: THE OLD DAIRY HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: G85706
Postcode: SE21 8SZ
Google Maps title: The Old Dairy Health Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Old+Dairy+Health+Centre/@51.4364793,-0.0935987,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487604074f50247f:0xf18f36994fc4a90d!8m2!3d51.436476!4d-0.0910184!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hm49hswy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85706-the-old-dairy-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Idowu Oweye
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
Idowu Oweye6 days ago New

Author: Tabitha Molloy
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family and I have always received excellent care at the ODHC. Enquiries sent online are always dealt with promptly, and if ever we've seen a doctor in person they've been patient, thorough and friendly. Dr Murphy was particularly lovely when we took our daughter in recently with a chest infection - thank you!

Author: Saidat Balogun
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saidat Balogun1 review3 weeks ago New

Author: p pullman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Progress with this surgery and the NHS has never been at its worse. I recently desperately needed an inhaler because I was gasping for breath with a chest problem, I'd had an inhaler prescribed about 2 years ago but only needed one short term. Could I get one now? No? You'll have to get a phone call from the doctor. But I'm desperate, how long will it take? About a week. It was getting worse and worse but at the end of the week I rang again and was told the doctor wouild ring me on Monday, I waited all day but no call. Another long weekend and now this! Come Tuesday all I got was a phone call from the local pharmicist who I've never met, he was offering 'advice' but couldn't prescribe an inhaler. I could hardly walk to the A&E who I had to turn to in the end. It took 4 hours faffing around, taking my blood pressure... more faffing around and waiting. Eventually, finally, having been seen by nurses or physician assistants (or whatever they are called but they're not doctors) I was seen by a young doctor and he agreed. 'Oh, erm yes, I think you need an inhaler.' It's actually very frightening when you can't breathe but I didn't want to overburden the A&E department. All GPs seem to do nowadays is pass you on: to the end of a phone call, to a nurse, to the pharmacy, to A&E, anything but actually see, talk to and treat their patients. And they want a pay rise! (yet don't know anything about the hippocratic oath: first do no harm, which is what they are doing). Before this surgery was set up, it was a single doctor who ran the practice from his house - very popular, very reliable.You might have to wait, but you could walk in any day and would be seen. For urgent cases, he even saw patients on Saturday mornings (and made home visits!). The only reason he retired early was because the NHS started to say he needed to build disabled access and a lift, though they weren't interested in paying for it (there was another doctor nearby who could have taken patients who couldn't manage the staircase btw). He closed and his patients had to be seen by another doctor in a portacabin. Eventually the Rosendale surgery was opened (costing thousands); yet that was a poor investment as they moved again, to the Old Dairy. There are a few good reviews on here (also one or two who are apparently doctors or medical people themselves - but is a fellow GP really going to give a negative review on a colleague?) but most are justifiably poor. The good ones where you give 5 stars because the staff were polite and/or helpful are silly, being polite and helpful is a normal part of being professional and doesn't warrant 5 stars or calling something outstanding. In most cases those giving 5 stars have only seen the doctor once or twice and are new to the surgery, reviews from patients who have been with the surgery more long term are far more valuable.

Author: W S
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The young lady with the piercings was great. However-The reception manager came from the back and rudely interrupted the conversation I was having with the young lady! The way she spoke to me felt very uncomfortable and lacked professionalism, coming across as confrontational. She was also being intrusive and asked “can we get a reason why’ after I said I wanted to be seen by a certain doctor for my next appointment. I mean that’s just out of order. Even more concerning, she referenced information from a private phone call I had with my doctor the day before… She then loudly called up the next person behind me without any basic courtesy like thank you or good bye. I had to ask myself to confirm if my next appointment was even booked. The next person looked unsure about whether to step forward as she shouted for her to come forward when I was still at the front desk. Chaotic.

Author: Sophia Willcox
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am new to this GP practice and have been really pleasantly surprised considering the reviews. I haven’t had to use for an urgent appointment yet but have been able to request tests/get a routine appointment with no issues at all. The receptionist I saw was friendly and then the doctor I saw was caring and thorough- I couldn’t really ask for anything better. Also lovely building! Would recommend this GP surgery.

Author: James N
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The service from this GP is terrible, you can’t book an appointment over the phone or in person and are instead forced to use an online submission! My partner can book quick appointments at her local GP using the NHS App and has very efficient service but this surgery doesn’t use the NHS App and forces you to use a different system. I’ve needed forms signed by the surgery and it takes them weeks to get it done as only one person is qualified to deal with them as it seems they’re rarely at work! I have attempted to change appointments over the phone with good notice but have been told to do this online as the receptionist is not trained to change appointments. I’ve had to register to this surgery twice in 2.5 years as my details were deleted as I hadn’t used the surgery in 2 years after initially registering. I went to book an appointment which was delayed because I had to fill out all the registration forms again!!

Author: Jasmin
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never left a review for a GP but this is the best experience I had on the NHS with a GP. Prompt and friendly replies and staff that actually care about you and take time to listen. I’ve called about two issues that other GPs in the past have not taken seriously and was promptly referred to specialists. Doctors and reception staff here actually have empathy which is unlike the money making private companies administering bad service to make money off patients. I always found there are short waiting times, and resolved medication shortage issues for me caused by private companies messing up and leaving me hanging. Highly recommend!

Author: MIke Jani
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful receptionists. I feel sorry for ill people. The practice is going downhill.

Author: ben wildblood
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Efficient and extremely friendly practice my medical issue was dealt with within 48 hours by telephone and immediately followed by a face to face appointment.
