Practice: BRUNSWICK PARK FAMILY PRACTICE
Canonical code: G85726
Postcode: SE5 7RF
Google Maps title: Brunswick Park Family Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brunswick+Park+Family+Practice/@51.4745442,-0.0866998,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876034a820d6795:0x75354b645eef7140!8m2!3d51.4745409!4d-0.0841195!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11t1j_r5hm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/G85726-brunswick-park-family-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lola Saj
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist and Dr Kishor Vasant are so rude and unprofessional (Avoid! Avoid! Avoid!) Only stay here if you have to. Dr Hunte and Dr Rosemen are great and really do care/try. They definitely make up for the horrible experience.

Author: Julie Little
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Again seen my doctor roseman and after being told my 2 inhalers and emergency antibiotics and steroids for my asthma and copd have been sent to pharmacy (which wasn't done)I'm left waiting till later today to see if it can be done today,couldn't see a doctor just wait for a call back.fuming at the lack of care

Author: Oladele Olasiyan
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have know Dr Vasant for more than 30 years and I find him to be very helpful in all circumstance. I thank you and the rest of the team for your professional advice. I am very happy with the support received from the practice and from Dr Vasant. I wish everyone well and happy during this festive period. Thanks
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Mr Oladele Olasiyan, Thank you for your kind words and longstanding trust in Dr Vasant and our team. We truly appreciate your support and are grateful for your feedback. It means a lot to us! Best wishes, Cindy Mootoosamy Practice Manager

Author: Jo “praisehim” B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Hunte is a kind, compassionate and patient doctor. He takes time to get to the root of an issue and never makes me feel rushed. He listens! He does not force his opinion and works with you. He has shown extraordinary patience and kindness whilst dealing with a patient who was clearly in a mental health crisis and got very personal. He is an asset to the practice and my family all love him! Joanna is also a star!

Author: Eladio Ceballos
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Every time I’ve been to this GP, the service has been terrible. There’s always only one receptionist who actually tries to help, and the rest don’t do anything for you. For example, three days after I broke my ribs, I went to the doctor because the area was very swollen. They only prescribed me painkillers and did not give me any anti-inflammatory medication, which was what I actually needed. As a result, I spent 3 weeks in pain with constant inflammation and no improvement. When I finally went to a private doctor, I was prescribed anti-inflammatory medication, and after just 4 days the swelling disappeared. That means I suffered unnecessarily for 3 weeks because of a basic medical mistake. Also, when I went to renew my sick note after those weeks, I simply asked for help filling out the form (I just needed to confirm what date to write). The receptionist on the red side was very rude and told me I had to ask on the “other side” because my doctor belongs to another receptionist. But it was a general form, not something that depended on a specific doctor. I left feeling that they really don’t want to help patients and have no empathy at all. Very poor and unprofessional service.

Author: Chloe D
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice practice, well organised, can easily book appointments online and by phone. Doctors and reception team are nice and caring. I would recommend this practice
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Miss Chloe D, Thank you so much for your kind words and positive feedback! We’re delighted to hear that Dr Vasant, Joanna, and our reception team took great care of you. Your appreciation means a lot to us, and we’ll be sure to share your lovely comments with the team. Wishing you all the best, and we look forward to supporting you again in the future! Kind regards, Cindy Mootoosamy Practice Manager

Author: suntesh holding
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
There was issue with my prescription and the receptionist there, Shujah got it all sorted with Jonna’s help. They were both so calm and helpful and made the whole thing way less stressful.

Author: Lucy kerr
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This practice is the best I've ever been under I have complex medical problems I am a pensioner and disabled but I feel safe in there care the doctors are brilliant the nurses the receptionist staff and Joanne who is in charge off perceptions is an absolute diamond she cares about every patients needs and I am a nightmare for her but Joanne has ever let me down if you want a good GP practice then the st Giles family group practice is the team to be under I thank everyone there for your dedication you all give in my care thank you everyone Lucille cope

Author: Paulette Laing (P)
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I rang with a concern regarding communication between a Gp and a Hospital.Joanne, the receptionist I spoke to. Listened, gave me the time to explain my concerns then took the most appropriate action. On the same day my concerns were addressed. To be honest I felt much better after speaking to Joanne due to her calm and thoughtful manner.

Author: Michael Reed
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had my first appointment here as a new patient yesterday. Karen the Healthcare Assistant was brilliant: friendly, helpful, efficient, reassuring. We did a full blood count test and I got the results this morning – well under 24 hours. Amazing. If this is the level of service I can expect at my new surgery, I’m absolutely thrilled. Thank you Karen, thank you to the practice, and thank you NHS!
