Practice: NORK CLINIC
Canonical code: H81011
Postcode: SM7 1HL
Google Maps title: Nork Clinic
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Nork+Clinic/@51.3260866,-0.2190205,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875e29354456b01:0x4a9260b94eaa9124!8m2!3d51.3260833!4d-0.2164402!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgwm4qt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81011-nork-clinic.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aedan
Date: 18 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an appointment made quickly, which was difficult given my working hours, but the staff at Nork Clinic were very helpful to allow me to be seen, referral was also handled super efficiently,

Author: Fotis P
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I contacted the surgery online due to abdominal pain, Dr Sarang called me after a few hours and arranged for some urgent tests. I found the service to be efficient on this occasion. Thank you.

Author: Adriana Suma
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very dissatisfied with the clinic/booking system.

Author: Jake Bexley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Hopeless in getting any appointments - the website offers contradicting information about booking appointments. Doctors do not seem interested in face to face appointments. Receptionists are rude to you when you try to call the surgery for answers, or to make an attempt at booking an appointment that is otherwise not shown on as available on the website. I once called asking for an appointment urgently (I have mental health problems) and the receptionist had the nerve to say that the phone lines are “mostly used for the elderly”! Disgraceful. The only good thing about this GP is limited availability of appointments on weekends.

Author: Sue Hallett
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sue Hallett6 reviews · 15 photos7 months ago

Author: Siddharth Nath
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Recently moved to the area, awful clinic. My daughter went for a blood test and has a awful bruise due to the nurse expertise, can't get a face to face appointment now to show it to a doctor. Amazing. Looking to change the surgery.

Author: Linda Woolnough
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Linda Woolnough1 reviewa year ago

Author: Ğëmmä Híłł
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful clinic, I ended up in A&E for 5 hours after trying for 3 days to get problems with a uti sorted. I am now at high risk of it becoming a kidney infection. Not to mention I am now having to switch to a different surgery as I have been blocked from seeing anyone but 1 particular doctor that I have no interest in seeing or speaking to. They have been trying to pressure me into having a face to face appointment to talk to a male doctor about my mental health problems that have been caused by issues with men in the past. When I finally agreed to have an appointment with him I ended up becoming overwhelmed and agitated so I left as it was what was right for me at the time, a receptionist proceeded to follow me out and harass both myself and my Nan trying to get me to go back in and stating she would “sit in the appointment with me” while I am sat in my nans car hyperventilating and crying hysterically begging her to leave me alone and to let me go. I would never recommend this clinic to anyone as all it has done is cause me more stress and made me wish I had never reached out for help in the first place.

Author: Nigel Kingswell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hi my name is Nigel Kingswell 13 07 1945. I am writing just to thank your receptionist Karen ( i think ) who helped me so much on Friday last to chase and expedite a prescription for me which could have caused a problem for me, not only did Karen organize that the script got sorted she took the trouble of phoning me back to say it was all sorted. In the days when everyone seems to have a hard time with GP's i can only say that my experience with Nork clinic over 40 years has always been superb so thankyou again Karen and the whole team. Nigel Kingswell.

Author: Lucas Wojcik
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
"My experience with the NORC clinic has been nothing short of frustrating and disappointing. Even if you follow their instructions to call back at 8 a.m., there’s no guarantee of getting an appointment. To make matters worse, the first step is usually a phone appointment, which can take up to two weeks to schedule. For anyone struggling with health issues and the stress they bring, this system is completely unprofessional and unacceptable. The attitude of some staff members only adds to the frustration. They’ve even threatened to report me simply for expressing my dissatisfaction with their service over the phone. What exactly can they report me for? For pointing out the obvious flaws in their system? Instead of addressing valid concerns, they resort to dismissive and defensive behavior, which is entirely inappropriate for people working in public service. This clinic desperately needs to reevaluate its processes and the professionalism of its staff. Patients deserve efficient, respectful, and compassionate care—not unnecessary stress and dismissive attitudes. Management must take immediate steps to improve this disgraceful situation."
