Practice: HEATHCOTE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: H81070
Postcode: KT20 5TH
Google Maps title: Heathcote Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Heathcote+Medical+Centre/@51.2924787,-0.2285055,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875e399633f4e21:0x268cd37609574402!8m2!3d51.2924754!4d-0.2259252!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11rwpnzp9f?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81070-heathcote-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sophie Neill
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors ok. Receptionists don’t want to help

Author: Mona O
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception staff at this practice are consistently unprofessional and discourteous. They often appear rushed, make patients feel pressured to end calls quickly, and show little understanding if someone is running a few minutes late. Even when approached politely, their tone and attitude can feel dismissive and unhelpful. This is particularly disappointing because the doctors and nurses are consistently professional, kind, and supportive. Unfortunately, the negative atmosphere created by reception significantly impacts the overall experience and reputation of the practice. Although the phone system encourages patients to seek assistance if unable to use online services, doing so often feels like an inconvenience to staff rather than a supported option. Families with babies or young children are also made to feel uncomfortable, with unrealistic expectations placed on keeping children quiet. This is especially sad as the reception team used to be warm and welcoming. I strongly encourage management to review this issue, as it is seriously affecting patient experience and the image of the practice.

Author: Lydia Lola
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The rudest receptionists ever 🤣🤣 …

Author: Penelope Stevens
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctors Goma was the most brilliant beautiful human being. I felt absolutely terrible with what I can only say a trigger point leading me into a mental

Author: Graham Henderson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not go to Ms De Souza. She is not a doctor and has mis diagnosed cancer, and failed to prescribe antibiotics that were prescribed the next day by the out of hours real doctor. I worry about how many others she has put through stress and misery through lack of professionalism and knowledge.

Author: sophie grant
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give no stars if I could. Reception staff are so rude! Samantha in fact! Talks over you like your a child. Can never answer any of your easy questions! Been with this surgery since born 32 years ago! Will now be changing! The place is an absolute JOKE! AVOID AVOID AVOID!

Author: stan slavchev
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The whole medical centre is outstanding stating from reception, fasciitis’s , and care . Had few ultrasound scans there , and they went above and beyond .

Author: Maddie Holland
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been trying to get to the bottom of a persistent cough for seven months, and throughout that time, I’ve felt completely ignored. I’ve had appointment after appointment, only to be told it’s “just a viral cough” and to wait it out — for seven months? It never cleared up. Eventually, I was referred for a spirometry test (massive thanks to Lynne at Epsom GP — she was amazing and genuinely helpful). That finally led to a confirmed asthma diagnosis. But after that, I received no follow-up or communication from Heathcote regarding the results. Now, I’m trying to get an appointment for actual treatment, and I’m being told I’ll have to wait weeks. It’s been seven months already! To make things worse, the reception staff are consistently rude and unhelpful. It’s incredibly frustrating to feel like you’re not being listened to when you’re just trying to get answers and care.

Author: Blossom Arnold
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Ridiculously rude reception staff!! Will not listen to you talk and actually talk over you! I had to say, please let me finish around 5 times before I could finish a sentence.. They do not take any criticism about anything( there was an error w the website and I couldn’t make an appointment for the past 3 days),I am left feeling annoyed and disappointed every time I call, so unhelpful and condescending..although the doctors are nice the reception staff make using this surgery a horrible experience. * Update: they seem to have changed the reception staff and I have had much better experiences recently with calling the surgery, Dr Sri, my most regular doctor has been outstanding and I feel very comfortable to talk over any issues I have with her.

Author: Michael Rosen
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My wife recently has a medical episode. We cannot thank the surgery enough for their excellent service. She messaged the surgery a 8.30am , had an immediate response with an appointment with Dr. Yip at 10.10am. After an intensive consultation she was advised to to straight to A & E at Epsom. We arrived at 11.00am had a CAT scan, ECG, blood tests and neurological tests and was home by 1.30pm. That afternoon she was contacted to attend a clinic at 8.15am the next day for an MRI and an appointment with the Consultant . This was attended and happily all is well. I have read many criticisms of Heathcote surgery and the NHS on social media and I accept that everyone's experience is different but I must say my wife had the best treatments from start to finish. She would not have had quicker and better service if we had had private medical cover. I would like to thank all at Heathcote for the seamless service and to have made a worrying time much less so.
