Practice: WONERSH SURGERY
Canonical code: H81043
Postcode: GU5 0PE
Google Maps title: Bodgener Dr S
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bodgener+Dr+S/@51.197037,-0.5489691,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875dabcd6d7d8ad:0x38177ac11eddca26!8m2!3d51.1970337!4d-0.5463888!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdd99qb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81043-wonersh-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zoe H
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m a loss to understand what this practice provides to its patients. Over the past few months I’ve had two issues, neither of which has ever been addressed. After having a blood test a few months ago no one followed up with results, or an appointment to discuss. I had to find the results on my account and review myself. Separately I have repeated bouts of tonsillitis which has previously been solved by antibiotics. Now the surgery won’t even prescribe those, I have just received a text telling me to go to Boots for the pharmacist to review. So please tell me, what do the staff at Wonersh actually do?

Author: John
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service today. Emailed practice this morning to report a flare up of an ongoing condition. Within an hour or so I received a phone call to say that a prescription had been issued and sent to the local pharmacy. Could not expect anything more.

Author: Catherine Taylor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
With thanks to the Physiotherapist at Wonersh Surgery called Shas. She has provided insight and understanding of the condition for which I was seeking advice. A thorough investigation and queries enabled a set of detailed exercises to be provided, which have proved immediately beneficial, Very helpful! Mrs C Taylor

Author: Ruben Correia
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I strongly advise against registering with this practice. My experience has been profoundly disappointing due to the pervasive unprofessionalism exhibited by both the clinical and administrative staff. From the GP to the receptionists, the level of organisation and patient care is alarmingly inadequate. We were initially accepted as patients under the assumption that we fell within their designated postcode radius, only to receive an abrupt and unanticipated call stating that we were being removed. It appears that patient acceptance is dictated more by arbitrary factors, such as staffing shortages or previous patient attrition, rather than any genuine commitment to providing consistent care. The cumulative experience reflects a troubling lack of professionalism, courtesy, and regard for patient welfare. I urge prospective patients to exercise extreme caution. Reviews from other patients corroborate this pattern of mismanagement and inadequate care. This practice fails to meet the fundamental standards expected of a medical service provider. Avoid registering here if you value competent and reliable healthcare. Disappointed.

Author: Penny Short
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy with my Dr and the staff and the Nurses. Very helpful and friendly.

Author: robert matthews
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
robert matthews7 reviews8 months ago

Author: Michelle Rowley
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been to wonersh surgery maybe 3 times in the last 10 years firstly. Was due a test so booked a day off work costing me a day's pay o ly to get a call Friday saying it's been cancelled. Fine but don't send me a reminder text Saturday morning for said appointment because that's just passed me off all over again 🙃 …

Author: L Roberts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I feel very lucky to be able to use Wonersh Surgery. Every GP I have seen are friendly, professional and very knowledgeable. The admin staff are also friendly and efficient. Excellent service all round, thank you.

Author: Chris Roberts (chrisjrob)
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, very caring doctors. Best surgery I've ever used, despite these being such difficult times for the GP surgeries. When you properly NEED a doctor, getting an appointment is easy.

Author: Alfie Proctor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Have used this surgery for many years and have previously had no problems, however over the last year or so have repeatedly run into issues. Administration / reception is disorganised, providing conflicting information. Will be switching to Dapdune surgery.
