Practice: AUSTEN ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: H81006
Postcode: GU1 3NW
Google Maps title: Austen Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 51
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Austen+Road+Surgery/@51.2379891,-0.560771,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875da75aeb24b31:0xc6f8cff026948b04!8m2!3d51.2379858!4d-0.5581907!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgqhx1_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81006-austen-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Elena N
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
An excellent GP practice. The doctors are kind, attentive, and solution focused. They take the time to listen and provide clear options tailored to your needs. I always feel supported and in safe hands here.

Author: Olivia Henley
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Probably the best GP we’ve been registered at. Really thorough, caring doctors, quick appointments & blood tests.

Author: Hats92 W
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful I don’t even want to give this place 1 star 0 star , Dr Mckelvie is the most rude doctor I have ever come across, she does not care about patients at all! Was not willing to help my mother regarding her medical history letter and tore it in half in front us as my mother cried because she thought I was being “rude” take your personal feelings elsewhere and focus on the needs of the patient! I did not raise my voice once nor did I use any profound language what so ever… she then threatened to call the police ! (I’m not sure what the police can do for asking a doctor a question ) Because she could not handle the fact I was asking legitimate questions regarding her “professional” opinion on my mothers medical history instead said “it would be best you talk to a doctor you see more often” how ridiculous the whole point of a medical history is to support you as a doctor making opinions! I will make making a formal complaint requesting a apology by letter from this doctor I won’t hold my breath in actually getting this as it seems her pride and empowering job won’t allow her too. But please know you can email Parliamentary Health Service Ombudsman or write to them if you’re not happy with the result of your complaint! Let’s stop letting doctors like this ruin peoples lives when it comes to their health!

Author: The Bluebell
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The surgery has been outstanding. The doctors are exactly as you would want from a well run organisation.

Author: Md Hoque
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The service of this gp is terrible. They do not care about patients. Last one year they gave me wrong text kits twice. I went all the way to hospital and gave them test kits and they said this kits is not right one. Even I came to gp and inform them about it . They did not say sorry yet.

Author: Woo Aida
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very very bad blood test had in my life recently. The nurse can’t control the needle accurately, causing blood came out and she had to move the needle to let the blood to go into the tube. That’s quite painful!!!

Author: Nathan Powell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nathan Powell1 review7 months ago

Author: Mansoor Ahmed Khalid
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mansoor Ahmed Khalid8 months ago

Author: Dean Humphreys
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Without exception this is the best doctors surgery I've ever been to - and all the previous ones were really good, too! The doctors, nurses and receptionists are fabulous.

Author: DM
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
I will sing the praises of Dr.Doulton and previously Dr.Julia Blatchly all day long however myself and another I know very well when talking about the surgery have both had distressing and negative experiences with DR.Waller both of us being accused of having an attitude problem when seeking help for mental health and medication after being refused help from an extremely overrun Farnham road hospital, both of us being told by them to speak to your GP and seek different medication. In general I would say he's a good gp but no understanding of mental health what so ever in my opinion. Also his attitude changed after I said to reception I wanted to complain, there was more concern in a following appointment and asked how I was with more eye contact, however still till this day it's still not clear how to really address this matter other than email hence this review. The above happened over a year ago when I had a diagnosis of Complex Depression Chronic Anxiety and PTSD etc. Since then I'm not on any medication and I'm once again in therapy by my own choice and seeking help elsewhere, I will say Dr.Doulton did get me help from Iapt services and I will say she has been amazing every step of the way very understanding and supportive! Upon seeing some other reviews I do agree that I have had difficulty with a particular member of reception understandably under pressure however I have been cut off and had to phone back because I had more than one problem and did not get a chance to say and generally feel that the other staff are more polite. Update as of June 22nd 2024 My regular GP Dr Dalton is absolutely amazing however I have complaints against Dr Waller previously but now feel I can speak to him and have had help. Update as of October 30th The newer reception staff are very polite and helpful in particular Elaine has been amazing assisting me via email.
