Practice: OXSHOTT MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H81107
Postcode: KT22 0QL
Google Maps title: Oxshott Medical Practice
Google rating: 4.3
Google review count: 50
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oxshott+Medical+Practice/@51.3322255,-0.3653581,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875e00e20f7d22b:0xfbe8cd0c0a72c871!8m2!3d51.3322222!4d-0.3627778!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgxhjj2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81107-oxshott-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sabrina Gill
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
An excellent GP practice. Very kind and friendly staff- from receptionists to the GPs. I truly couldn’t ask for better. NHS practice at its finest.

Author: Ann Cooper
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I must say that oxshott medical practice is the best from the doctors, nurses, and reception staff nothing is to much trouble very friendly practice makes you feel at ease .🙂🙂 …

Author: Christian U
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very efficient, friendly and competent GP surgery. Dr Jenkins is outstanding and has been our GP for many years

Author: Aidan Gomersall
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No appointments available, even for mental health issues and to request forms, would not recommend

Author: Sarah Kerslake
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a patient of over 30 years with the Oxshott Medical practice I only have praise and appreciation for the staff and doctors who work there. The reception staff are always efficient, caring, professional and go that extra mile to help. Dr Jenkins in particular is excellent and takes the time and makes every effort to provide solutions in a caring and professional way. I would give them all 10 stars if I could. Thank you for your excellent service to the Oxshott community.

Author: Brian Chaston
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Where do I begin? My own designated GP only works at the practice two days a week. On July 29th I was told that the earliest appointment I could get with my own GP was September 4th, 5 weeks later! I saw a doctor at Cobham Hospital several weeks ago regarding respiratory issues. He arranged blood tests, a CT scan and lung function tests for me. The first two went well but the lung function test has become a nightmare. Having been given an appointment at St.Helier Hospital, I called the hospital booking service to see if this could be transferred to somewhere more accessible, Kingston, for instance. I was told they couldn’t do this and that I would need to contact the GP who referred me to do it. I called Cobham Hospital to see how I get to speak to the relevant GP and was told they would email him and get him to call me. Ten days later I had heard nothing. I rang the hospital again and the call ended with them suggesting I contact my own GP. I rang the surgery. I was told I could ask my GP at my next appointment with him. That’s good, as this appointment is the day AFTER the date I’ve got for my lung function test! The lady on reception was more interested in telling me that I was rude, and that all calls were listened to, thank helping with my issue. Interesting, seeing as she insisted on speaking every time I tried to. Anyway, she asked me if I could drop my appointment letter into the surgery and they would call me to discuss. I dropped the letter off in the surgery this afternoon and was told that my GP would call me after 5.30pm. It’s gone 7.30pm when I’m typing this and guess what?… NO CALL. My GP is now not at the surgery again until NEXT THURSDAY… six days away! So, if I’m alleged to be rude, which I wasn’t, then what would you call being messed around by two parties before my own GP joined in with the shenanigans?

Author: micha
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Getting worse. You have to wait weeks for an appointment. When they do finally see you, you have to wait weeks again for tests and when they lose your results you wait weeks again. Absolute joke of a place.

Author: Margaret Burton
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I had a visit from Dr Laura Peeke on 10 March regarding pain and incontinence. The visit was like a therapy report. She did not listen to my problems and was more concerned to interrogate to see if I self harm! I found this quite extraordinary and very distressing at the age of 94. I have now requested to be allocated to a different doctor in the Practice. Thank you Margaret Burton

Author: Hat Peter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hat Peter1 reviewa year ago

Author: Zoe Kortenray
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best medical practice we’ve been a part of, never have an issue getting an appointment which is especially reassuring with young babies and find the doctors to be caring and compassionate.
