Practice: FARNHAM DENE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H81615
Postcode: GU10 3RB
Google Maps title: Farnham Dene Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 55
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Farnham+Dene+Medical+Practice/@51.2103972,-0.8006082,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sFARNHAM+DENE+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+GU10+3RB!3m8!1s0x48742d12c364d57b:0xdb73073e9a4674dd!8m2!3d51.2002753!4d-0.7755966!9m1!1b1!15sCiZGQVJOSEFNIERFTkUgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBHVTEwIDNSQlooIiZmYXJuaGFtIGRlbmUgbWVkaWNhbCBwcmFjdGljZSBndTEwIDNyYpIBFGdlbmVyYWxfcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1v5frc9y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81615-farnham-dene-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Unknown Boy
Date: 17 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
I am so disappointed with this service. The receptionist is so rude. First you have to wait for 30-40mints for their ads to run and waiting times even if you are number 2 in queue you will wait for at least 20 mints. You will not get an appointment until you are not breathing. Receptionist thinks she is a doc and is so rude and keeps repeating the same thing again and again. I will change this GP today and I am very disappointed, yes I am breathing which doesn’t mean I am okay. Called 111 and they referred to GP but GP has another attitude. Worse GP no wonder why you have 3 start rating change your receptionist and doctors, bring some white docs.

Author: shamaila nayab
Date: 17 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
I have recently just moved into the area. My husband has a flu and such a bad cough which is affecting his breathing. We went to the GP yesterday and he prescribed anti biotics because its a bacterial infection. Thats it. Nothing else. This morning his cough got worse and he was having such difficulty breathing. I have called 111 3 times, 999 and the GP twice to get something or to get someone to see him but we are getting sent in circles. 999 says speak to your GP so i call the GP and they say there’s nothing more we can do. 111 said lets get you in for a face to face consultation with the gp because there is only so much we can do over the phone so i called GP again. Waited about 30 minutes to speak to someone and then get treated like its nothing and we just need to wait for anti biotics to start working and see if anything gets worse. So you are saying that my husband needs to be on his death bed before you guys start taking it seriously?? All we are asking is for some advice to help him manage his throat pain and cough so he can start breathing properly. The lady was rude and honestly its the worst experience I have had with a GP. Very very disappointed.

Author: murshad 7
Date: 17 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP ever, doctors arent bothered to check you and if you are breathing even somehow they will wait for you until u are dead to give you an appointment. Worst healthcare system and no words for this GP

Author: Sherry Holloway
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Being subjected to the endless repetitive random holding messages while waiting in the phone call queue makes you feel even more ill than you already are. Admin staff must be insufficient given there are only one or two in the call queue but yet you have to wait ages for your call to be answered. Worse still is making sick patients listen to a long list of sicknesses they don’t have and inappropriate messages like urging you to download the app is awful. Especially the dire threats and even the tone of the man’s voice if patients abuse staff - which most decent people would not do anyway. The holding message asks for dignity and respect for staff. What about dignity and respect for your patients? Why subject them to a barrage of unnecessary messages when they need to call? No one calls their doctor unless they have to so why do this to them? “Have you considered visiting your local pharmacy? Have ear ache? shingles? string of diseases/illnesses? please contact your local pharmacy, download the app, in fact, do anything but just get off the phone and stop bothering us” - that’s the message the surgery is giving out. Being forced to listen to a barrage of messages smacks of disrespect to ill patients and makes them feel much worse.

Author: Karen Lacey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with the surgery since moving to the area in 2002 and they supported me through both pregnancies and raising the kids, and supported me in a mental health crisis, incredibly well - but since COVID the service has declined beyond recognition. It is IMPOSSIBLE to get an appointment - my son has an illness that is not urgent, but I am unable to just book an appointment for in a month's time or so, giving them plenty of warning, to talk it through. I have a physical injury and after filling in the online form, have been offered a phone call - I've had this injury before and on that phone call, they will simply say 'yeah, we need to see you face to face' so I will have to wait for another appointment. I have no idea who designed their online questionnaire but it's the least customer friendly, most unhelpful, complicated, absurd process I have encountered in my life!

Author: Dan Duncan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dan Duncan3 reviews3 months ago

Author: Jason Lin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist represents an organization so it would help if she learns some manners.

Author: Jacqui Sellers
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great team, thank you for all you do.

Author: Kara Lachelle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I never realised just how incredibly lucky I was to be served by Farnhamdene GP Surgery until I moved houses and can compare to my new GP Surgery (terrible new GP surgery). I hv never had a bad experience with Farnhamdene. From the extremely polite & helpful receptionists (yes all of them are so sweet) to the doctors that work there. I can not thank you enough for everything you have done for me. I have only had the pleasure of being helped by Dr. Gregson, Dr. Claire Brown and the other Dr. Brown but can only imagine the other doctors are of the same high quality and calibre. I would go back to you in a heartbeat if I could. I wish all GP practices were as exceptional as you are. Such a fantastic and impressive example of how the NHS should be functioning. Once again, to all of you at Farnhamdene GP surgery, thank you for everything you have done for me (and your other patients).

Author: Lee Gmail
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The reason we left our previous GP practice after 40yrs was because we couldn't get appointments and the GPs constantly fobbed us off. FDMP looked promising at first. However, like others we are now unable to get an appointment. We're constantly directed to Integrated Care or AE (yes, AE, even for relatively minor issues). Were all aware of the covid situation but many of us feel that's just an excuse for FDMP now.... Update 04042023: so now to get an appointment they insist you use their online app. That's fine if you're able to but there are many elderly people that aren't confident with this sort of process. Worse is that you can only do online consultations during certain times. This negates the convenience of using an app. Update 20/02/2025: things haven't changed. I tried to book a blood test (for a condition a Dr previously advised to monitor) and still unable to get an appointment. The arrogance is shocking. There's clearly a problem with their processes and they do nothing about them. This isn't helped by all the GPs at this surgery only working part time. I've given up with them and will be looking elsewhere (probably what they want)
