Practice: THE GROVES HINCHLEY WOOD
Canonical code: H81672
Postcode: KT10 0SP
Google Maps title: The Groves Hinchley Wood
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 49
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Groves+Hinchley+Wood/@51.374781,-0.341414,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760af1cf92ba0d:0x2aea94dd26bb8eae!8m2!3d51.3747777!4d-0.3388337!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1twyz0bb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H81672-the-groves-hinchley-wood.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A S
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very suprised to see the negative reviews when looking up contact details and must leave my own honest feedback.The Groves Hinchley wood has been our family practice for a number of years.We have received a consistently high quality of care for myself and my children.We have been attending for appointments recently and the booking process was easy and we have received same day appointments every time we have needed one.The staff are all extremely helpful and the GP's couldn't have provided us with better service.Kind,professional,reassuring - i have complete confidence in the practice as do many other local families and friends of ours that also attend. We have seen the same GP several times and havent had to wait long for our appointments.

Author: Tony McNally
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible experience overall.

Author: Siobhan White
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
After registering with The Groves following our move, the admin team misplaced one of my children’s red books. I eventually got it back only after going into the practice and asking them to look for it. A couple of months later, my son had an allergic reaction to a wasp sting. When I called The Groves, the admin staff claimed they had no registration forms for him and refused to help. I contacted our previous GP, who assisted immediately due to the urgency of the situation. They later confirmed that The Groves did have our registration forms, as they had transferred the files to them over a month earlier. Only after I provided proof of the transfer did The Groves staff admit that they had made a mistake and failed to register us properly. Unfortunately, this was not the first time the admin team had given me inaccurate information. We then experienced another issue involving my daughter. We called ahead to request the items needed for a treatment that had to be administered on specific days. We also followed up to confirm everything was prepared. However, on the day of the appointment, we were informed that the items had not been ordered, resulting in an unnecessary delay. The doctor was not at fault—this was yet another administrative error. After a series of similar issues with the admin team, we have decided to move our family to a different local GP. Based on our experience, I cannot recommend The Groves. The administrative processes have been consistently unreliable, and we have lost confidence in their ability.

Author: Jen
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Consistently late appointments with poor communication. Also appear to have very high turnover of doctors, as unlikely to see the same person twice.

Author: Tom Crouch
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to get an appointment, even when nurse instructed to get seen to by my GP in next 5-7 days, not possible to get an appointment for over 2 weeks and instructed to go to A&E. A bit of a pointless service.

Author: Matt Kielb
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Matt Kielb2 reviews7 months ago

Author: Dipy G
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best doctors and all the team in town. Believe me I have seen worse so keep it up everyone at the surgery

Author: Henry Moore
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless doctor that can't be bothered to help with pain and blaming my weight when I have a neurological condition

Author: Asem S
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Difficult to get an appointment and access the NHS services due to their appointment booking system. They only accept online appointments, and the online system only accepts limited bookings per day, which is often totally booked by morning time! If the number of bookings per day is finished, you can’t even book an appointment for the future. I have been registered for sometime in which I wasn’t able to book an appointment even once when I was sick! Which defeats the purpose of being registered to a GP!

Author: Christine Wright
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called the surgery this morning feeling slightly frustrated, due to an issue with my repeat prescription. A lovely receptionist called Cathy took the call was so lovely and very helpful that she totally changed my mood. Great service from Cathy! Thank you
