Practice: PARKLANDS SURGERY
Canonical code: H82049
Postcode: PO19 3DT
Google Maps title: Parklands Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Parklands+Surgery/@50.8376096,-0.7908988,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4874527c2bd91273:0xebdba011f2fde91c!4m8!3m7!1s0x4874527e671c0919:0x34f0a2cb0b2f3d22!8m2!3d50.8376062!4d-0.7883185!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1txy1t2d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82049-parklands-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Amelie French
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dr Clarke was a really helpful and kind GP who listened to me when I was finding it difficult to talk about certain things, answered my questions in reassuring detail and also was very patient with me despite his inevitably busy schedule as a GP. He also gave accurate advice which was very informative and useful. The Locum doctor was friendly whilst being professional and the ladies who took my blood tests were also very polite and kind to me. Unfortunately every time I spoke to a receptionist in person they were extremely rude. There were no adaptations or allowances to show consideration for the environment or likely negative reasoning for attending a GP surgery. The worst example is when one lady forced me to answer a blatantly intimate medical question in front of multiple other people queueing right behind me when I was very clearly visibly not wanting to do so but didn’t want to make the people behind me wait longer. It was genuinely something that people obviously wouldn’t want to be overheard. She kept repeatedly asking me over and over again in an agitated tone instead of being kind. When I was stuttering very slightly in an attempt to respond she interrupted me to ask if I was trying make a complaint in a very demanding tone; now I am! I was not rude in return and in fairness I did not ask for the people behind me to move where they were supposed to be according to the signs but that should be the role of those working at a GP surgery to enforce. I left the Surgery feeling worried and frustrated because of that as well as my initial reason for attending the doctors’ surgery in the first place. I also would like to express that I understand that the receptionist staff are probably treated poorly by angry or upset people visiting and are probably sick of that behaviour. However, i am very calm, polite, patient and respectful so i simply did not deserve to be treated rudely and experience the unprofessional and simply unkind treatment I received. One lady on the phone was very short with me but every other time they were polite to me over the phone which I appreciated. I have now left the surgery, but not for this reason, and I would advise anyone joining or with this surgery to join and remain with them due to the dedication and accurate treatment from all of the doctors which was very helpful and most important. I would also warn against the receptionists unforgettably rude and inconsiderate behaviour towards patients. Going to the GP can be very difficult for some and the doctors at this surgery make it much easier and the receptionists made it much harder.

Author: Path Su
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Path SuLocal Guide · 6 reviews · 40 photosa month ago

Author: Hailie-Jade
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They are failing to safeguard a suicidal young autistic girl knowing she has a plan. They also refuse to abide by the equality act 2010.

Author: James Sharrod
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a very good doctor's surgery very helpful staff in reception.

Author: NC H
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
NC HLocal Guide · 63 reviews · 38 photos7 months ago

Author: shornsparks20005
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went into sort out some medication issues for my Mother, the lovely receptionist Angie was so helpful and even remembered our previous visits over a year ago, a credit to the team I have said before we are so lucky to have a great place like Parklands thank you so much to all

Author: YoYo Nicholson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I just arrived there and wanted to register a GP.The receptionist was extremely unfriendly. She said that my postal code couldn't be used to find the address. I told her that it is a new build, you might cant find my address, but you can find the area, i use google map to back to my house everyday, and only driving 5 mins to the surgery. but she did not care you show the map, and have long face all the time. compare my surrey surgery, they so lovely, smile all the time. I will not register this surgery, unkind treatment.

Author: Angela barratt
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Both. My husband and I have got to the age where we need help with our health problems after reading some of the comments I felt I had to make a comment We have both had excellent care from the doctors nurses and pharmacy lady and the past year all the receptionist have been so kind and helpful even when things have been difficult So it’s a big thanks from us we are truly lucky to have you all

Author: Jason Ashwell
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jason Ashwell11 months ago

Author: Clio I
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the staff is lovely and waiting for appointments is much better than anywhere else!
