Practice: COACHMANS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H82098
Postcode: RH11 9JA
Google Maps title: Coachmans Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 118
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Coachmans+Medical+Practice/@51.0957681,-0.2053592,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875ee0a0fbcab11:0x2a5c2ff330708456!8m2!3d51.0957648!4d-0.2027789!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bycgc7lc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82098-coachmans-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emily Jane
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting service from the surgery. My sister, who is in a Wheelchair and had many concerns over the last year, all of which she has repeatedly BEGGED for help with, have been ignored...why?? Because they "Cant" check her properly due to her disabilities. Due to the lack of care, she ended up with severe sepsis in hospital and to this day is being denied the basic standard of care that us ABLE BODIED people would get quite quickly. Be prepared for a law suit because I will not allow this discrimination to continue. Edit to add - they also say they do not have hoists, can't come check her in her own bed even though she has a hoist and hospital bed at home. Surely having a job as a gp, you should have genuine care for those you treat. Does she deserve to suffer because she has disabilities? Absolutely baffled and with all the evidence we have collected from the lack of care from the surgery and hospitals, well, it is enough to take this much further.

Author: Tom Reagan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to hospital with a numb foot they told me to get doctors to investigate. Then get message back from the doctors saying we have sent painkiller agreed to the chemist. Didn’t have pain I had a numb foot and still have two months later. Every time they book an appointment, And you eventually get one they then phone you the day of your appointment and tell you it’s cancelled for another three weeks. It’s ridiculous and I actually think it’s putting people at risk.

Author: Omowunmi Adegboyega
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst ever..I called to get a prescription of something that’s making me have sleepless night.A member who picked up say I should fill a form which I had filled with no response.She showed no sign of empathy.poor

Author: M Aristide
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They very care about you

Author: Robert Brotherston
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A shocking attitude from a receptionist to try and fast track a new registration to urgently see a GP to get help with a debilitating mental health issue. Time can make a huge difference to recovery and understanding how to deal with such a horrific condition. This place has a serious lack of empathy.

Author: Katerina Skuras
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Katerina Skuras7 months ago

Author: Jim Taylor
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
AVOID AT ALL COSTS. You’re not treated as a patient here — just another number, another inconvenience to be processed. I’ve had countless interactions with this surgery that simply defy logic. The staff seem entirely indifferent, as though they couldn’t care less. I had an ear irrigation appointment booked, and the nurse assured me that I could call at any time to rearrange — “it’s not an issue,” she said, “you’re booked with a nurse, not a doctor.” However, when I called to reschedule after realising I’d made a mistake with my dates, I was met with nothing but obstruction. The receptionist told me there were no available slots for ear irrigation until 28th August — despite the nurse's clear statement to the contrary. Now I’m left with a complete loss of hearing in my left ear for over a month, or, as the receptionist put it, I should “just go to the hospital — I think they’ll do it, but I’m not 100% sure. Just try anyway because anything on the head is considered an emergency.” How many misleading or outright false statements are you willing to make? I know I’m not the only one who’s been treated like this. This surgery needs to be investigated. An absolute disgrace to the NHS — diabolical service and a complete failure in patient care.

Author: Tiffany Marie
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new appointment booking system is awful and had removed all empathy. I called just now because I'm worried about something, as you often are when you call a doctors and the receptionist just abruptly kept telling me to go request an appointment on website tomorrow.

Author: Akema
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst Surgery ever. I can never make an appointment online and I cLl up dead on time at 8:30am, only to be told that there are no appointments left. Even If it's urgent! They are absolutely rubbish I cannot stress how this surgery boils my blood. I called up last week on time for an appointment, I was told is it an emergency as they're only taking emergency appointments, I said 'Yes'. The receptionist lady told me to wait, I was waiting for about 10-15 minutes, only to be told that if it's an emergency you need to go walk in centre. After being told that they're only taking emergency appointments and then after they advise me to go walk in centre if its an emergency? Make it make sense, please? Honestly, they stress me out!

Author: Martyn C-J
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The online system just does not work. Do not use this medical practice. You will never get an appointment. It's impossible. Worst surgery ever. Avoid avoid avoid.
