Practice: TANGMERE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: H82067
Postcode: PO20 2HS
Google Maps title: Tangmere Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tangmere+Medical+Centre/@50.8513451,-0.7228676,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875b2a254c4c307:0x59f210585b0de512!8m2!3d50.8513417!4d-0.7202873!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgfw2lp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82067-tangmere-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Susanna Curwen
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very lucky to have this surgery on my doorstep. The receptionists, doctors and nurses been very helpful and friendly both when I have phoned and seen them in person, which has been fairly reguarly in the past year. They have answered my medical queries promptly and fully.

Author: Paige Walsh
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful, would not step foot near this place if you need genuine help, second time I’ve had a bad experience with this doctors surgery, in particular 1 doctor who’s in charge of contraceptive health… was told back in October to call middle of December for a January appt. Called December 15th, it’s now January 2nd, 4 phone calls later and still no appt booked in… absolutely terrible doctors surgery. Think some doctors who no longer love their job need to move on because it shows…

Author: Tracey White
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I walked into the surgery just before closing time, with no appt, feeling extremely unwell with my mental health. The receptionist (Sarah C) was kind, professional and compassionate. Having such a warm and understanding person helping me honestly helped save my life. Sarah even rang my husband and sat with me whilst he came to collect me. I’ve always felt that Tangmere medical centre is a great surgery, but Sarah C deserves a special mention! We hear so many negative comments regarding drs’ receptionists. But I have always been dealt with politely and professionally at Tangmere, by all of the team. Thank you all for your hard work. And thank you Sarah C - you’re an amazing lady!

Author: Cressida Wardale
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Treatment with Dermatology this am! 2nd to none. Professional and friendly!

Author: Sam Whitbourn
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Not a patient at this surgery but had a driver's medical booked here. Great experience, nice friendly and knowledgeable receptionist, very helpful not just with myself but other patients she was seeing to. Very empathetic and a kind nature. Also saw Dr Chishick who was wonderful. Made me feel at ease, friendly and efficient. An all round very positive experience. If I lived in the catchment area I would consider moving to this surgery!

Author: Madeline Murtagh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well I truly do not know where to begin, this is the Penultimate DR Surgery I have ever had the privilege of being part of, they are courteous, professional and most of all supportive without judgement which is so reassuring when unwell. I cannot fault this practice from Drs, practice staff and most of all Amy and Lorraine, Dr Chiswick should be so so proud of you all for making it the BEST in West Sussex, so many others should follow suit. Well done and Truly heartfelt Thank you

Author: John Jones
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Doctors are lovely, building is really nice however the receptionists… what a miserable bunch! Jesus, not a single welcome ling thought pass through their head either on the phone or in person. They need some service skills training!

Author: Sabrina Tizzard
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cant fault the surgery. Always really understanding and compassionate. All the staff, from the receptionists, pharmacy staff, dr's & nurse - they have more or less always taken time and care (I think I've only really even had one slightly less then ideal experience), but THANK YOU to you all!

Author: Charles Trickett
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Refuse to supply the basic care laid down in the NHS charter

Author: Ingrid Mair
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I found the reception staff fantastic, friendly and cooperative. They should be a model for all the local practices as I have heard that it is almost impossible to get an appointment elsewhere. Also after considerable difficulty get one of my repeated prescriptions they went out of their way to get the medication for me. I was very sorry to leave this pharmacy as I was no longer allowed to use it, because I live more than 1.6 miles from the surgery, and have had similar problems with Kamsons at Shopwyke as I had before.sincerely Ingrid Mair
