Practice: BALL TREE SURGERY
Canonical code: H82065
Postcode: BN15 9UX
Google Maps title: Ball Tree Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 83
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ball+Tree+Surgery/@50.8331429,-0.3412501,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875983b80d1149b:0x64fc299faf179e2d!8m2!3d50.8331395!4d-0.3386698!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12qgpqbcr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82065-ball-tree-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: aaron spark
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute disgrace after spending 3 days just to get a Dr to take 5 min and call me regards to extreme tooth pain just to be told they don't do anything regards to teeth even after I explained that I didn't want him to do anything with my teeth but for the pain and then he gave me a number for an emergency dentist that turns out to be a number for a bloody MOT welding garage so thank you balltree surgery for wasting my time and giving zero concern regards to there patients

Author: sharon thomas
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient with Ball Tree Surgery for 10 years and have complex medical problems. To date I have received an outstanding service from all staff and have recommended the surgery to others. Last week I saw a doctor I hadnt seen previously and explained my problem. She didnt appear to understand my concerns and I left feeling no further forward and unsure if any decision had been made. I left feeling confused so consequently I tried ringing the surgery to check what the outcome actually was, eventually getting through today, 4 July 2.30pm. I tried to explain this to the receptionist and asked if she could check what that doctor had written on my notes. I don't think she could do that so I requested an appointment with a more experienced doctor as I have now been prescribed meds for a condition I dont have and would like to get the matter resolved. This receptionist was extremely rude and short tempered. I was told I cannot book any appointments in advance (although I had been able to do this a couple of weeks previously). She wouldn't allow me speak; every time I spoke she cut me short by speaking over me and repeatedly responded with "Ive told you, call at 8am". Needless to say this made me angry and feeling quite upset. I appreciate that medical staff are extremely busy and often stressed but so too are their patients who wouldn't be bothering to book an appointment if they too weren't stressed or worried about a medical condition. Maybe a training session on customer care and telphone techniques would be the way forward? UPDATE Since writing this review the reception team have changed and the person who was so unpleasant has gone. Since then I have had excellent help from the current staff and doctors. Now happy again with the care I am receiving. Thank you

Author: Carole Ashby
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Obviously others are getting a better service than me

Author: Dan Lock
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They don't answer the phone, they don't do the call back. One hour in the same queue position (2). TWO. If you call at 8.10am just know that they won't call you back before they have already filled all of their appointment spaces.

Author: Claire Louise
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Cannot fault the staff here, appointments can over run but it's because they actually listen to you (which is a change from my previous drs!). Trying to get an appointment is near impossible, but that's not their fault it's a nationwide issue. The econsult is over/finished within 5 minutes of them opening, though the admin and queries econsult (online booking) is open for longer if you wanted to avoid a telephone wait first thing.

Author: Tina Hambly
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My husband and I just registered with Balltree surgery so far excellent service can not fault them, the receptionists we have dealt with so far are very friendly and efficient, likewise the Doctor and nurse I had an appointment with. 5 star review from the Hambly family, a special thank you to DR Christine G.

Author: Dean
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ Outstanding care and service! I recently registered with Ball Tree Surgery, and I couldn’t be more impressed. From the moment I arrived, the reception team were incredibly friendly, professional, and genuinely helpful — it makes such a difference to be greeted with warmth and understanding. A special thank you to Dr. Polly Brown, who went above and beyond while assisting me at reception. Her professionalism, care, and compassion were truly exceptional — she took the time to listen and made sure everything was handled perfectly. It’s rare to find a team that combines efficiency with such kindness. Ball Tree Surgery really sets the standard for what great patient care should feel like. Thank you all for making such a positive impression — I feel very well looked after! 👏

Author: John Elliott
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
If you follow the rules there is never a problem. I find the staff at Balltree & Kingfisher surgeries helpful at all times.

Author: Tracey Boyling
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since moving from new pond row, I’ve never been happier and wish I changed earlier. I’ve had support from the doctors and seen a therapist for my mental health

Author: Matthew Wickens
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor appointment program as unable to book in the surgery itself following on from a previous visit. Having to call back following morning to wait 2 hours on the phone yet again to speak to a receptionist who was probably on the desk the previous day. In this day and age this system needs updating and should be able to book online saving everyone. time and effort
