Practice: LANGLEY HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: H82013
Postcode: PO19 1RW
Google Maps title: Langley House Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 70
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Langley+House+Surgery/@50.8370288,-0.7858023,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48745287246498db:0xd74def9b04ad2f12!8m2!3d50.8370254!4d-0.783222!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td7yk51?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82013-langley-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ohsotired
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I love Langley House Surgery. Excellent service, always helpful, and willing to go that extra mile. People complaining of the way in which they have been talked to generally start with the attitude, and the patience of the receptionists is not infinite. I've never had a problem.

Author: Jessica Persephone Rose (Jess)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
My and mum and I have been at the practice for seven years. Always great service. Most of the doctors are excellent. Also, someone mentioned in a review that the new form makes it worse for people with autism and anxiety, actually that's a personal opinion because as someone with diagnosed autism and anxiety it's the first time I've EVER been able to book my own appointment - I've been able to fill in the form and book my own appointment (by own, I mean without my mum booking it for me). I will not do phone calls and I have a disability so I'm not about to walk into the surgery to book an appointment (plus because of my anxiety I'd prefer not to anyway) so I had no way of booking appointments myself until the new system.

Author: Clive Megeney
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Although a relative newcomer to the practice, I am slightly puzzled by the negative comments I have read. So far, I have had nothing but excellent service from very charming/courteous staff. An ex practice manager friend of mine recommended Langley House to me when I moved and she was spot on. Thank you everyone.

Author: Ingrith Mihaela Tarnowetzki
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ingrith Mihaela Tarnowetzki9 reviews · 6 photos2 months ago

Author: Alison Latter
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
November 2025 After reading the latest review I feel compelled to update my review. Having spoken to my GP this new system is amazing. They spent a lot of money on locums before they brought it in to clear the back log (routine with the best GPs was a 6 week wait - urgent was still same day appointments). This new system asks questions and then triages patients to red, amber and green. Red being immediate attention needed, amber meaning a couple of days and green being routine. It will then list all available appointments in that category. A patient can choose the GP, where the appointment is (Bosham or Langley House), an upstairs or downstairs room or a telephone appointment. Routine appointments now seem to be within 2 weeks. It seems to be working well so far. From a person who suffers with mental health and a family member with severe anxiety and Autism I can say that a form is far better as family member does not use the phone and would not go into a place to book. This surgery is amazing and consistently features in the top 12 in West Sussex. The staff work so hard to do their best. The new system is definitely the way forward. People want to look at appointments and choose what's best for them rather than a receptionist offering and taking a while to get an agreeable time and day! Well done Langley House for being one of the first to implement this system. It has stopped the 8am scramble for urgent on the day appointments as the form opens at midnight to 5.30pm Monday to Friday. None of the anxiety of waiting on the phone at that time of morning when you are not feeling well. May 2025 This surgery generally provides great patient care. The appointment system really works. Urgent on the day appointments are always given. They have semi-urgent appointment for some things (like 2-5 days). And they have routine appointments which are usually 4-6 weeks depending on which GP you request. Admin requests are dealt with efficiently and generally fairly quickly. All but one of the GPs I have seen have been very good and caring and my own (and favourite) GP is absolutely amazing, he listens, he involves me in my care and he is amazing at diagnosing issues, and I will be forever grateful for his exceptional care and support. (Thank you Dr Gareth Bowen-Perkins 🙂). I couldn't be happier with my GP and the care I have received from him and the surgery as a whole. The admin staff (reception team and secretaries) are friendly and very helpful.

Author: corrina gordon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
15 minuit form just to make a appointment for people with mental health who already struggle with forms this is a joke its making it harder to make appointments for people who already struggle with making appointments and going to them because of social anxiety and lets not forget the ones who cant cope with change on the autistic side. All this will do is make more people sick because you're making it harder to make appointments.

Author: Marin Tenea
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m quite disappointed with the services at Langley House Surgery. The reception staff often come across as unfriendly and unhelpful, which makes it very stressful to deal with them, especially when you’re already unwell. It’s extremely difficult to get an appointment with a GP, and even when you finally do, I’ve had experiences where the doctor asked, “What treatment do you want me to give you?” — which doesn’t inspire much confidence. Overall, it feels like the patients’ concerns are not being taken seriously. I really hope the management looks into improving communication and patient care.

Author: Philip Fennessy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery and its staff continually go above and beyond to support and supply its patients with the highest level of professional care. Everyone from receptionists , nurses and doctors provide excellent quality of services

Author: Maria
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
8 stars for the doctors but 0 stars for the appalling way receptionists speak and treat patients. No one has ever spoke to me in that manner before. This has now happened several times during the last couple of years both over the phone and face to face. Shame on you... that job is not an easy one but if you don't have the patience and empathy to deal with ill people then you are in the wrong job! I am not your previous patient that probably has treated you badly because unwell and refused an appointment...so why you treat me in an aggressive, unsympathetic and rude manner? I have never been rude to any on them at reception because I believe that if you are nice and polite with others they will treat you as you treat them. But this reception is something else! They can't get it right from the start, like answering to my 'good morning/good afternoon' if I haveto walk in. Simply rude! To then treat me like a 2 years old child when I ask them a question calmly, politely and with a low tone of voice... You shouted back at me in an aggressive, rude, annoyed manner...as you were 'busy' on the phone... Well guess what? I am very busy person too that has to take time off work to come in person, so you all better change your attitude and the way you speak to people who wouldn't bother you if they were well! The entire Reception team didn't make eye contact once, since I stepped in! Some of you sitting at the back looked when you shouted at me in a ratty way and didn't care a bit...no one came to see why I was there at reception or to support those rude, grumpy, unhelpful receptionists at the front of the house to see why theywere treating patients waitinglike that. Your entire reception system is a failure... you are the first point of contact for people who need help because unwell and you treat them like numbers...like rubbish... how dare you speak to an old person like that? This reception team is a failure change it back to what it was 4-5 years ago!

Author: Jon K
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had such a great experience at Langley Surgery! The staff couldn’t have been more helpful. Easily reachable on the phone. From the moment I walked in, they were warm, welcoming, and incredibly efficient. I managed to get a last minute appointment, was seen quickly, and the whole process was smooth and stress free. I was in and out within 25 minutes, with my prescription sorted on site, which was a huge bonus. The team here really go above and beyond, and it makes such a difference. Highly recommend this surgery to anyone in the area looking for excellent care and friendly service! Thank you to Rebecca on reception.
