Practice: PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: H82039
Postcode: BN17 6BF
Google Maps title: The Park Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 94
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Park+Surgery/@50.8094393,-0.5341594,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sPARK+SURGERY+BN17+6BF!3m8!1s0x4875a5731cef6445:0x8b4f9228946cb9d7!8m2!3d50.808712!4d-0.5316717!9m1!1b1!15sChVQQVJLIFNVUkdFUlkgQk4xNyA2QkZaFyIVcGFyayBzdXJnZXJ5IGJuMTcgNmJmkgEPc3VyZ2ljYWxfY2VudGVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1wl4q1p4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82039-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Libby Summers
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have received a very high standard of care recently for our daughter. Dr Walsh has listened and provided reassurance whilst also taking our concerns seriously and working alongside us to find a cause. We really appreciate the care we’ve been given ☺️

Author: Kim Maw
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have always found the surgery exceedingly supportive and responsive. The team consistently goes above and beyond to ensure residents receive timely and compassionate care. Communication is always clear and friendly. The kindness makes a real difference to the people we support. Thank you from Kim and the team at Oakland Grange.

Author: Charlie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
The lady on the phone was nice but that is all the positives. I have been on my meds for years , never had to make an appointment to go to the surgery to give a blood pressure reading and my weight. I have always just been sent a text, asking me to reply with the readings and done. I called the surgery to sort. Was initially explained to what the appointment was for, which I explained was a waste of everyone's times, and a waste of an appointment. I was then told I could use the machine at the surgery or in the library and drop a reading in to reception, again a waste of time I asked if I could just send an econsult with the readings, as I have a machine in my workplace, was told there isnt an appropriate space for it. I was lastly offered to be sent a diary thing which I could enter the details on. This is a 7 day 2 x a day diary that needs to be filled out, and has nowhere I can enter my weight. Again a waste of time. I have moved and been part of multiple GP surgeries since being on this medication and this is thr first one I have encountered such pointless problems. So I am now left having to take time off work to go into the doctors anyway because I cannot take 2 readings a day as I am not at work at every time it is needed, so whatever way you look at this I am messing around with mine, my workplaces and the GP s time for something that for years has always been managed by a text. Absolutely ridiculous, outdated and inconvenient in every aspect way to deal with things . Previous to this, I was referred to a service last year that the GP just had to confirm my details, such as ethnicity, birthday etc, and they never bothered despite my constant chasing, so I lost the referral. Poor service all round for two things that could be sorted with one click of a button.

Author: Not Who You Think
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Im told im unable to book an appointment due to "no rota available yet" and requested I call back in 2 weeks. Never called back, however, I've been since and everyone there is lovely and very helpful.

Author: Verity
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently joined the Park Surgery and have been really impressed. Receptionists are helpful and not hostile and when having a recent telephone appointment with Dr Walsh, she took the time to listen, I didn’t feel rushed to finish the appointment in a set time and her advice and plan moving forward was helpful. I would highly recommend Park Surgery

Author: Jill Philby
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Seems very strange that Park Surgery are still taking new patients, yet I have to wait 5 weeks for an appointment. This is the second time its happened to me sorry, but this is not good enough.

Author: Daniel Briggs
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Switched 4 weeks ago. As a type one diabetic for 10+ years the so called diabetic nurse removed all CGM from my prescription and my daily insulin... Absolutely diabolical and dangerous. Avoid like the plague

Author: Judith Bridges
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with Park surgery for 2 years now and never had a problem. Always managed to get an appointment or help, when it's been urgent. Receptionists are so helpful, as are the nurses, phlebotomists etc. All doctors have been brilliant. A pleasant difference from my experiences in 2 London surgeries. The only issue is booking an appointment in advance - this can be 6+ weeks and you do have to time it right to get an appointment. No use trying in the last 2 weeks of the month for the next month

Author: Harvey Stoner
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service walked in for a gelonet dressing for my leg burn had been sent there by my GP I just needed a dressing for my burn to tie me over till tomorrow and they point blank said no because I’m not apart of there gp absolute joke useless staff don’t wanna help anyone

Author: Captain Starman
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Friendly staff, nice clean and spacious waiting room. Their online booking is impossible to use, so have to phone and que for a long time, which is frustrating.
