Practice: CATHEDRAL MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: H82042
Postcode: PO19 1XT
Google Maps title: Cathedral Medical Group
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 153
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cathedral+Medical+Group/@50.8321798,-0.7790953,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4874528f797de439:0x98cac0e4ff01d07a!8m2!3d50.8321764!4d-0.776515!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdcwkgl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82042-cathedral-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anita Simsek
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
My name is Anita Simsek I’m the owner of Global Getaways Travel Agency. Previously Eden Travel Company Check my reviews ! They are 100% Fantastic! Much better than their 3.1. Before this I was a post office branch manager of Worthing and Bognor. I’m. a business woman ! I’ve been with this surgery for over 5 years and just had a dreadful experience with them I have complex health conditions around 20 ! I’ve just had major surgery for cancer of breast and lymph nodes These include chronic hypoxia, with 64% oxygen which is very serious and can cause you to lose your life I have blood clots on the lungs, collapsed lungs, disbetes 2 treated with 5 injections a day! 2 weeks ago I saw Doctor Almashta, I’ve seen him many times, I’ve had ambulances out twice a week as my oxygen has dropped to 64% which is dangerously low,! I was really ill and in hospital and they referred me back to my gp. I asked him to please refer me back to my respiratory consultant as my condition had worsened and he said it wasn’t possible and refused to refer me back! A couple of days later I was so ill with chronic hypoxia with 64% oxygen and an infected 2cm cyst, a wound from my cancer operation that I asked to see a doctor . I met Dr Daryl I met him for the first time and he asked me about all the health conditions that I had He treated my cyst and when he looked at my notes from the respiratory consultant it said that if my condition deteriorated I should be referred back to him There has been a catalogue of errors!! Nicole the nurse has gone behind my back and made a false accusation My nurse for my wound dressing Hannah the one who was redressing my cancer wound saw that it had deteriorated and called Doctor Chris in. He said it was so bad that he needed to refer me to a specialist dealing with Tissue who would treat it until it get better. He asked Hannah to take a swab and she forgot to do it and redressed my wound ! Nula the receptionist is very rude and her mission is to stop you at any cost from seeing a doctor. My sisters husband died and the next day she phoned and asked to see a doctor and Nula refused to let her see one! My sister was devasted and from that day to this has had so bad anxiety that she can’t face going again! Dr Giles in the last few days has treated me sometimes like an animal! But has also shown me a nice side too She stroked my hand, made me a cup of tea and then made a false accusation against me Today I had requested a home visit and the receptionist told me they wanted me to come in despite having walking difficulties. Then the receptionist called me and said the home visit doctor was on his way. Doctor Giles then confirmed that there was no doctor!! This catalogue of errors has caused me so much stress and from that my medical conditions have worsened Tomorrow I’m. finding a new doctors surgery to move to!! I give cathedral group 1/10 Karen the receptionist I want to thank as she has been always kind to me !

Author: Andrew Graeme Bowey
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Both the support and medical staff are friendly and helpful. I was able to get an urgent appointment on the same day as my blood pressure was very high. Follow up non-urgent appointments can take a while but overall I have been happy with the level of care provided

Author: Darryl Wulff
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Darryl WulffLocal Guide · 75 reviews · 54 photos6 months ago

Author: T Rey
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment with DR Dunlop, extremely understanding and put me at ease. One of the best Dads I have ever dealt with.

Author: Philip Pritchard
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Phone calls are a pain in the bum long wait eg there are 30 in front of you

Author: dawn maloney
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst doctors in Chichester. They don't listen. They don't care and they're unprofessional.

Author: Stuart Mulligan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stuart MulliganLocal Guide · 26 reviews · 6 photos11 months ago

Author: gulsah konak robertson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I went there for a blood test yesterday, I checked in on the screen. The nurse Laura Knowles was so good, pleasant , efficient and kind. My blood was taken in no time. It didn’t hurt and didn’t bruise later. She also helped me to register online.The receptionists were very helpful and pleasant . I had a very positive experience . Thank you all.

Author: Rawda Ahmed
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service and incompetent staff. I had a blood appointment and was late 5 min exactly. I checked in with the receptionist and she told me to take a seat. Waited for half an hour and nobody called my name. Went back to the receptionist who said the nurse left as you were late!!! Failed to tell me this half an hour earlier and I was already late for work!!! It’s an absolute joke to cancel and leave if the patient is 5 mi late! More so no alternative staff are available to draw a blood test!! I had waited 3 weeks for that appointment!

Author: ZeeT
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
It is a very busy practice but the staff and doctors are attentive and sensitive to your needs. I cannot complain. The receptionist is always ready to help and I witnessed her go out of her way for patients today.
