Practice: THE COURTYARD SURGERY HORSHAM
Canonical code: H82028
Postcode: RH12 1AT
Google Maps title: Courtyard Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 116
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Courtyard+Surgery/@51.0655447,-0.3315311,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875eb207c2e1ae7:0x955ef6c7fe125cfa!8m2!3d51.0655414!4d-0.3289508!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j154sbvc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82028-the-courtyard-surgery-horsham.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A. B
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I wish I could give 0! They’re absolutely terrible, today I tried to get an appointment as after a week of antibiotics I’m still unwell with severe symptoms (like blood in the mucus) but the doctor still refused to see me and saud that it takes time to recover.

Author: Dean Miguel
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Most stupid system in the world to get an appointment get a text to book in for a long term health condition. Can't click the link to book outside of set times. Can call up at 4.30pm to make a planned appointment for what this needs to be have to call in morning or click their link and fill in a request online. You contact me to book in to see you after stroke people asked you to book me the appointment. Why do you have to make access to care the most complex thing in the world.

Author: Kylie Tanner
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
The most awful doctors surgery , stay away from this surgery , dr charkin is the most heartless doctor ever, suddenly without warning stopped my medication and I have been left in panic ever since. I reported the situation to the surgery manager but got a useless general email back and no word since , its been 1 month . I have now had to move doctors surgery to continue my medication

Author: David Malins
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately I needed to contact the surgery to organise a repeat prescription, as it required a Doctors approval to be able to order through the NHS app. I contacted the surgery at 10:14 this morning and waited for 17 minutes, continuing to be held in a queue of two that didnt move. I received another call, which I needed to take. I then followed up with a further call at 13:58 that was eventually answered after 36 minutes, all that time i remained one in a queue. The matter was dealt with, within a minute of the call being answered. I offered the feedback to the member of staff, advising I felt this was unacceptable length of wait, after two calls. In June 2022 matters of similar nature were reported and responded to by the then local MP. My families engagement with the surgery, has continued to experience similar issues booking appointments Whilst appreciating, there maybe a capacity issue to deal with calls, it is not unreasonable for any organisation, after this time to be identifying and implementing improvements to their processes. I will highlight this matter once again to the local MP. 05/01/2026 - following trying to get an appointment on the 31/12/2025 i found myself via the lack of appointments through courtyard (couldn't access the 111 appointment despite coughing blood), a call to 111 explaining the situation (and then waiting 3 hours for a call back) at A & E wasting valuable resources to get diagnosed with Flu and a prescribed a course of anti-biotics. Concerned that after the course of anti-biotics that I have not fully shifted the flu, I thought it would be wise to make a pro-active approach for an appointment. After 9 minutes the call was answered and explaining the situation I am advised to call back at 0800 if an emergency or 0900 for a routine appointment. I really am at a loss with the lack of service from this surgery. I am generally not in need of a GP but when I am there is a complete lack of any support or confidence in getting to see someone. I am not sure of whether other surgeries are experience similar levels of service, however I am willing to try anything other than Courtyard as this a recurring theme for me and others it would seem. 11/02 i honestly do not believe this surgery! Today I was advised to book a health check. A text message saying we have appointments and even offer them on a Saturday. So I followed the link to book and there are no appointments between now and the end of May! This is beyond a joke! Tomorrow’s job is to write a letter to John Milne and highlight the true incompetence of this surgery.

Author: Clive Cassin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Was a patient at courtyard for a long period of time . In early years service was pretty average until recent times. One occasion went to see a young doctor and asked her if a total of four symptoms were in any way related and was firmly told that she could only deal one symptom at a time. I left immediately as I felt she was obviously to important be be troubled. I have transferred to a new practice due to moving! My new doctors requested I phone courtyard to ask them for my records as they still hadn’t received them . I phoned and was informed I was no longer there responsibility and they wouldn’t help me hence I cannot get my medication , surely they have a duty of care. The woman we dealt was curt and extremely rude . I’m

Author: Christine Ellis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang at 7.58am, got through at 8.08am no appointments left. Told to ring NHS 111 for 4 emergency appointments left at the surgery. 29mins if questions by 111 and when they finally decided we could have an emergency appt, they had all gone. I took my ill 88 year old mum to Crawley urgent treatment centre, much better service there and she has antibiotics. Appalling treatment of an elderly ill person. Something has to change!

Author: Doaa Mohamed
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doaa Mohamed3 months ago

Author: atul chaurasia
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
atul chaurasiaLocal Guide · 19 reviews · 52 photos3 months ago

Author: Peppe Scuderi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ecco la traduzione in inglese: “Without a doubt the poorest and most useless medical service I have ever received. Completely pointless, I strongly advise against this GP.”

Author: Alex Emery
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The telephone system takes over 4 mins to begin choosing options before you get in the queue to speak to someone which can then take another 10-20 mins to speak to someone. This feels like it is purposely drawn out and long process to put people off contacting the surgery which is terrible.
