Practice: HOLBROOK SURGERY
Canonical code: H82640
Postcode: RH12 5JL
Google Maps title: Holbrook Surgery
Google rating: 4.2
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Holbrook+Surgery/@51.0833904,-0.3050937,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875ebe86c7266e9:0xa7ac26eeda0f201!8m2!3d51.0833871!4d-0.3025134!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hhwxp14x?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H82640-holbrook-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: william sinclair manson (Billy.)
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery.excellent staff. Glad I joined..

Author: Mark Gallagher
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is the best doctors surgery in the uk. From the front desk to the doctors and care is amazing

Author: Clive Williams
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
An unbelievable surgery with very helpful staff and fantastic doctors.

Author: Imogen Young
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently moved to Holbrook Surgery from Park and honestly couldn’t be happier. The staff are incredibly efficient and approachable, nothing is ever too much trouble for them. My repeat prescription was signed off by the doctor the same day (on a Friday), and by Monday, it was prepared and ready for collection at my nominated pharmacy. The glowing reviews and recommendations are absolutely well-deserved. Holbrook Surgery is a real credit to the NHS and to North Horsham.

Author: Oana Maican
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Oana Maican9 months ago

Author: Elisse Aldred
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So I requested my medication on time only the pain pills got approved and not the two more important medications for mental health and chronic illness. If they both got approved on time then I wouldn’t have been left with no medication and bartering with severe pain and extreme lows In my mental health. I tried to order again and because they constantly want everyone to use the website, which is fine but when you need to explain how urgent it is that I need this medication it’s pretty damn useless. So I used the online form for medication and down the bottom it says what pharmacy would you like it sent to, I had explicitly said that I needed the medication to be sent to an actual pharmacy and gave Tesco as my nearest, what they then did was send it through the delivery service which is 3-5 days lead time. You would think that if they’ve offered the option to have a chosen pharmacy then they would honour that, but no they have done a poor job at reading and made it even longer for me to get my medication which I still don’t have, and has in turn made me enter a withdrawal from two of those medications. If it got approved in the first place we wouldn’t have had this issue but they have seemed to have just read the first medication on the order and ignored the rest. And unfortunately that has lead to some pretty serious ramifications for my health.

Author: Mrs Foster
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I count myself very lucky to live in the catchment of this surgery. Every time I have called I have had a telephone appointment happen on the same day and then an inperson appointment if required. Lots of free parking, large waiting area and friendly team on the desk.

Author: Hannah
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely rude older lady just refused me help whilst in excruciating pain.. i was called a liar for saying i always book appointments via the phone - typical horsham women

Author: E
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I joined Holbrook Surgery after ongoing problems at another Surgery in Horsham (Courtyard). Wow, Holbrook surgery care and kindness and professionalism is outstanding! Firstly getting an appointment is really quick and easy around my working hours and I’ve always been helped. The receptionists are the loveliest people, really helpful and understanding (not like my previous surgery and they were rude gatekeepers and wouldn’t let you get an appointment even when you were really really poorly). Recently I was referred by my GP to speak to the surgery’s social prescriber Rosie, who has helped me above and beyond. I would highly recommend The Holbrook Surgery. The Doctors are the best Doctors in Horsham and I am very thankful for them. In February 2025 I received a letter from the Holbrook surgery, kicking me out of their surgery, even though I moved a year earlier..they found out my new address due to a hospital visit (I told East Surrey not to tell them this). I was happy to change surgery but it was a bad time to do it because I was having several referrals to different places. I told the receptionist my situation and could I wait a couple of months, but they were not understanding. They told me and reassured me they would not loose any of my information (precious scan information and medical history etc), however this was all lost and was not all transferred over to my new surgery (only 25 minutes away)… this was really frustrating and has been a nightmare, I have had a phone each independent hospital and doctors where I have had scans and various appointments and find out where the results and information is and have them individually send the results to my new GP or to me. I think it is ridiculous that you can only stay at the Holbrook surgery if you are within catchment, I have been there since I was a baby (with the short period of courtyard as I moved for a few months). Holbrook surgery is definitely the best surgery in Horsham, so people should get to decide where they go for their physical health and wellbeing! When I moved it wasn’t a problem for me to travel 20-25 minutes to see a doctor (mostly its phone calls anyway)….but Holbrook surgery receptionist said NO! (Not impressed tbh)

Author: Hannah Davis
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always get an appointment when I need one when either ringing or using online triage form. They have been very proactive in looking for a diagnosis for my chronic pain and GP’s are very empathetic and caring, especially Dr Oozeerally who’s been a great advocate for my health
