Practice: WHITEHORSE PRACTICE
Canonical code: H83034
Postcode: CR0 2JJ
Google Maps title: Whitehorse Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 111
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Whitehorse+Medical+Practice/@51.3860572,-0.0996999,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876072badf55a41:0x21ecf46763f54839!8m2!3d51.3860539!4d-0.0971196!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfptrd9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83034-whitehorse-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: melody dale
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
If i could leave 0 stars i would. Miserable receptionists with no front of house ettiquete. Rude doctors that seem inadequate and care less to patients concerns or requirements. The best drs and receptionists there left. Seeing the reviews prior to this i am shocked to see how many people have had similar experiences with specific members there.

Author: Patrick Mcdonald
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience with Dr Julia Hassan, is of the most professional standard. Where she applies patience and understanding and a comfortable environment

Author: Felicia Oladiran
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Had an appointment with Dr J. Hassan for a contraceptive implant removal, as this was my 6th time getting a removal I am used to and aware of the process, however my only concern was for the receptionist as when I initially made the appointment she was very helpful booking it through, but when I went through to see DR. Hassan she pointed out that I should have had a consultation appointment first and then be booked for the removal. This I felt was a really bad procedure set up by the receptionist as DR. Hassan had to the consultation and removal in one appointment which wasn’t the right way so she was saying. But other than that I was looked after dealt with in a professional manner with no issues

Author: Fahad Alshebly
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
i have been in this country for such long time i never seen receptionist like Whitehorse practice, they are very kind and helpful they welling to do their best always they booked face to face appointment with Dr Julia, regarding my husband health condition that other Dr said let him live with his condition there is nothing we can do about it, but Dr Julie the minute we sat she came with a solution she calmed us down and she listened, smiles, she give me time to explain and she is full of mercy and empathy she gave my husband medication and i left with tears as we have been struggling from last 4 months, i felt there is a hope and everything will be ok, i cant thank enough the receptionist for listening to me and book for us ASAP appointment and i cant thank enough Dr. Julia for helping us as a family. i really appreciate their support and help please be kind with them

Author: Prodby T
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could leave 0 stars I would, I have been calling to get a blood test for months after being treated for anaemia yet every time I get a phone appointment with Dr Khan they say they called me yet I’ve been by my phone all day with no calls. I even gave them a different number to try today which they continued to lie and say they called today when they didn’t. An utter waste of time. I will be leaving this practice and going else where that actually helps their patients. They also hire immature nurses that haven’t a clue what they’re doing

Author: D K
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very upsetting and disappointing experience with Dr Joy Nwufoh. My mother-in-law cannot speak English well, so I helped her during a phone appointment. I first asked the doctor whether she needed to speak directly to the patient for consent. Dr Nwufoh responded rudely, saying, “Well, has she given you consent to talk?” When I confirmed that consent had been given, she replied abruptly, “Okay, go on then.” I explained that I had a few health concerns and began describing that my mother-in-law had brain surgery in 2023 and, over the past week, had been experiencing severe headaches and facial puffiness. The doctor repeatedly interrupted me, saying, “You said you had a few queries, so tell me,” forcing me to repeat myself three times. I also asked whether my mother-in-law should continue taking certain medications. Dr Nwufoh rushed through the medication list in a rude and dismissive manner. When I explained that I am not a doctor and needed to repeat the medication names I had in front of me to be sure, she sighed audibly and acted as though helping was an inconvenience. Throughout the call, Dr Nwufoh was extremely rude, abrupt, dismissive, and impatient. There was no sense of concern, empathy, or professionalism particularly worrying given the seriousness of the symptoms following previous brain surgery. I had to push for any action at all, and only after insisting did she agree to a blood test. At the end of the call, I told her directly that she was being rude and unhelpful and showed no care. Her attitude did not change. I contacted the receptionist afterward, who provided an email address to make a formal complaint. When I later checked Google reviews, I was concerned to see many similar complaints about this doctor. This raises serious questions about what actions, if any, the GP practice is taking to prevent patients from repeatedly having such negative experiences. This was a horrible experience with a doctor who showed no compassion, patience, or professionalism. I would not recommend Dr Joy Nwufoh

Author: Karolina
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great 😊 …

Author: Deluxe Decor
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am absolutely fed up with this GP surgery, I have called everyday since Monday for a face to face appointment. Even one minute after 8 o’clock, there is no appointments. How that is physically possible I don’t understand. I could only get an appointment yesterday with the clinician, Sofia khan. I didn’t like her tone or her approach all the doctors in the surgery are so rude and you can hear in their voice that they don’t care. I managed to speak to Sofia Khan At 10:30 am I forwarded my pictures. I have waited all till now. I have not even got a diagnosis. I haven’t got my treatment. I’ve called the surgery twice for them to forward to her for her to call me back. I still haven’t got a response. I’ve had to take a day off of work. There is something seriously that needs to be done with this GP surgery because it’s not functioning properly when you go there there is no one there so they are actually not that busy. The staff as the receptionists are so rude asking questions like they are a doctor. I’ve been a member of the surgery for over five years and I’m sick of it. You can never get an appointment when you do get an appointment. The doctor is always dismissive what you have no help. You can’t speak to them properly they misdiagnosed you. And their attitude stinks! And I’ve had to wait 40 minutes on the phone to speak to a receptionist that is outrageous.

Author: Aamir Abbas
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I visited theWhitehorse Medical Practice, GP surgery yesterday regarding my back pain issue from 7 months. I was seen by Dr. Joy Udumaga (NWUFOH). Unfortunately, I found her manner to be quite rude, and I felt that her conduct was unprofessional. I believe they must need to uphold and adhere to the standards and dignity associated with the medical profession.

Author: Carol
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This practice needs to take a long look at themselves and come up with ideas how to make it better; both amongst all staff (as there are good/ bad within) and with the decor. You attend a f2f appointment but walk in only to be seated in the MOST drab waiting room in history. The blinds are always closed and it's just the most miserable place to wait. Make some changes and do your commnity proud - for once!
