Practice: NORBURY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H83009
Postcode: SW16 4NL
Google Maps title: Norbury Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Norbury+Medical+Practice/@51.4049248,-0.122915,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487606ebe04a81e5:0x8496db0c97aa1882!8m2!3d51.4049215!4d-0.1203347!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdnwcrd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83009-norbury-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rosie Muller
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a health review and smear with Dr chaudary, the smear was uncomfortable and somewhat painful as it was a rush and dry. For the health check apparently I have now been diagnosed with respiratory problems I.e sleep apnea and am fully mobile, other than the fact that I have a condition that affects my mobility. Apparently also I'm cured of constipation after years of suffering with it. I'm actually quite appalled

Author: Emily
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can always get an appointment when needed. Would like to particularly mention nurse Audrey Lee Karaan. She is kind, extremely knowledgeable and amazing at her job. A true asset to the practice!

Author: Selby L
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t go here but heard the way they spoke to a friend of mine who does. Diabolical. Disgraceful. Shocking and vile staff from what I heard.

Author: Elizabeth Hill
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The receptionists are usually good and they’ve been helpful. New call system where they call you back rather than waiting in a queue is much improved. However they did recently completely mess up an appointment for us (failed to actually book it in) and were unsympathetic when this was discovered and we needed to wait another month to get it rebooked in.

Author: Ghazala Malik
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Khalil is an excellent supportive doctor. She is very attentive and listens to your needs. Dr. Khalil has made me feel valued as a patient and I feel confident that my health issues are being treated with high professionalism.

Author: Cindy Baruah
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One star cause I can’t otherwise write a review. A few weeks ago my son was in a serious condition and after we were discharged from the hospital I got numerous calls from this GP practice. Eventually I took the call and it was someone who assured me that my son would be put on red alert and if EVER we needed anything they would put him through. No questions asked etc. this was the reassuring bit. 2 days later I called the surgery to ask for a repeat prescription for the same son they had promised to look after and was told that 1. Whoever had spoken to me earlier had lied and he wasn’t on any kind of alert. 2. They could not give me a repeat prescription because they said didn’t have a pharmacist. When I asked for a doctor I was told they couldn’t do that either. When I repeatedly asked for an alternative suggestion as to what I could do, the receptionist told me the prescription would be done. When?! Who knows! It’s been a week now and I have heard nothing. This is for an 8 year old child who needs his medication. If I could I would petition for this surgery to be closed down. The alternative would be to get better customer facing staff who know what they are doing. Stop employing people who are not fit for these jobs. It’s draining for the economy.

Author: Trolling Panda
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
TERRIBLE SERVICE!! AWFUL TIMEKEEPING! Arrived for my appointment 5 mins early and 15 mins after my appointment time I was still in the waiting area. I asked about when I will be seen and the receptionist said it’s down to the doctor/ physiotherapist. Ridiculous considering you book an appointment because of your availability and 25 mins after my appointment I still wasn’t seen. The receptionist had to go and knock on the doctor’s door so I could be seen and only because I went to complain again about the long wait. But if I arrive even 5 mins late they say that it’s too late to be seen by a doctor. If I could give no stars I would.

Author: Something Else
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Few doctors are always in hurry or rude. I don’t know why it’s like this. Why doctor talk rudely. I am not your child with whom you can talk as you want to. One lady doctor N Chaudhry she was being very rude with me, rolling her eyes with me. I was not taking proper medication but still shouldn’t talk to me like this. You don’t know what a patient going through. Please be kind. There is one doctor dr shah he is nice doctor but always in hurry, don’t listen your whole talk. Always ask a question want the answer in one word. It’s not possible always to give on word answers.

Author: Sadaf Iqbal
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Norbury Medical Practice has been amazing throughout my recovery. The doctors and staff were very kind, patient, and supportive every step of the way. They really took the time to listen and made sure I got the right care. I’m so grateful for their help — they made a big difference in my recovery and were very nice the whole time!

Author: Rose Hamm
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
It's terrible. I have been misdiagnosed several times and it's based off when I talk to doctors they only listen to half of what I've said. I nearly always wait 30 minutes for appointments because other patients are running late but my appointment lasts about 5 minutes of rushed conversation. That's when you can book an appointment. It took nearly a year to be diagnosed with cancer. Pray you don't get one of the older Dr's too, their questions are very rude based in stereotypes
