Practice: SELSDON PARK MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H83018
Postcode: CR2 8LG
Google Maps title: Selsdon Park Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Selsdon+Park+Medical+Practice/@51.3424977,-0.0669078,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4875fe214cd839bf:0xd0f5bc2169a9bdba!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875fe214cc54175:0x8bc8bb3ae0a048a5!8m2!3d51.3424944!4d-0.0643275!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cs4b3sff?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83018-selsdon-park-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Iona Mendoza
Date: Edited a day ago
Rating: 1 star
This is twice now my appointment is like 20 minutes late. Come on, the practice literally opened half an hour ago, how can you already be behind by twenty minutes?? Update: So - for my last appointment I was assigned to a paramedic. I was not told on the phone I would have an appointment with a paramedic, I had to find out through the NHS app. Low-key, final straw. With respect, the Mitchley Avenue Practice should have never been absorbed by this one. I've switched both myself and my mother to Farley Road. I suggest other patients to do the same.

Author: John
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
WORST GP EVER STAFF ESPECIALLY THE RECEPTIONIST ARE UNEHELFUL AND RUDE. DOCTORS ARENT BOTHERED TO GIVE PROPER CARE, YOUR JUST ANOTHER NUMBER FOR THEM THEY ALL MAKE SO MUCH MONEY BUT HAVE SO MUCH ATTITUDE FIRE THEM ALL

Author: Adil Hamidovic
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Online contact very difficult, phone gets cut off when I call. Text messages instead of a person speaking to me. Putting barriers up to anyone older, lower literacy or foreign.

Author: Zayath Inap Banath Tazayawan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This used to be a really good GP but ever since they introduced this new triage system it has gone downhill. Myself recently out of surgery and required to go and have regular bp taken by the surgery, booked then they cancelled without a new booking leaving me to have to go through the booking system again to which I just couldn’t bring myself to do. Also having a child who has major health issues and I really need him to see a doctor as he is currently having awful flare ups but this booking system crap is just frustrating and holding me back. Not to mention last time I came in with my 9 year old son the doctor that saw him was dressed so inappropriately. Absolute madness. I will definitely be moving away from this surgery very soon.

Author: Eagle
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP surgery has rapidly gone down hill. They have made it so you struggle to get an appointment you can't get prescriptions. I am not sure if they have new management but whatever has happened it is far worse than it was before. I hope whoever is responsible for this rapid deterioration of this GP surgery is proud of what they have done. I now feel that I no longer have a reliable GP service and that is a rally sad.

Author: Christine Wonacott
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible. Had a booked telephone appointment confirmed with a text message. It did not happen! Had to go to the surgery later that morning. Not much effort to fit me in at my appointment time although it was their admin mistake! Very poor service. When you are ill you do not expect to have to fight to get an appt which was their mistake. Receptionists most unhelpful with no admitance this was their mistake and not much effort to help me. I did not miss my appointment it was their admin error! I could only be slotted in a space space so who had my appointment……

Author: Abz Iggy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited 30 mins to be seen due to Dr not being bothered to come out

Author: Lou Babb
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lou Babb5 reviews4 months ago

Author: Mohamed Abdinasir
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mohamed Abdinasir2 reviewsEdited 5 months ago

Author: Wilfred Chiu
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Now asked to download and fill a form. Very poor service to fill a form when unwell. Even more concerning if you have children and need medical attention. Seems like they are trying to take out the most vulnerable and make it harder for those who need care. Seriously will consider changing surgeries as I thought Selsdon was one of the ones who wouldn’t follow this disgraceful practice I suggest to close this GP and relocate all of resource to another nearby GP. This system is refuse the elder person.
