Practice: HALING PARK MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H83031
Postcode: CR2 6AD
Google Maps title: Haling Park Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Haling+Park+Medical+Practice/@51.3572525,-0.1006098,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487607520c05e3e9:0x48977ea33613c661!8m2!3d51.3572492!4d-0.0980295!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tm1226_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83031-haling-park-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: shane blackwood
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been to this doctor’s office four times now. The first two times, the receptionist was a young man very helpful and friendly. But that woman… let me tell you. I’ve been to a few countries where receptionists were rude, but this lady is enough to make me drive an hour, if I have to, just to see someone else.

Author: Richard Pincott
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been using these practise since it opened and have found the staff, nurse's and doctors to be of a very high level. Put your self in there position, day after day.There only human

Author: Sara C
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception are always friendly - not sure if they have new staff since the previous reviews? Dr Surendran is an absolute superstar who has helped me with various ailments over the last year - always takes it seriously & offers a range of solutions.

Author: Wandle Road Watch
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank all the staff at the Haling Park Medical Practice for the care and support I have received over many years – and, in particular, over the last couple of years, when I have been particularly demanding of their services. I have really valued the fact that they always seemed to go the extra mile to ensure that I received the care and treatment that I needed. I know that it was not easy at times! I have also appreciated how well the NHS app worked to request repeat subscriptions, send messages to the practice and even to book appointments on occasion. I am really sorry to have to leave the practice. Now staying in Wimbledon caring for my mother and with my health issues continuing to need the support of GP staff, I have had to move to a Wimbledon practice. Thank you Haling Park medical Practice team – I will miss you all.

Author: Roger Lee
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctors are always considerate and helpful. Support staff give good advice and act efficiently.

Author: David Malek
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never ever seen rude receptionists, nowhere. I think they been told to be rude, I think is part of their job. No respect at all. Doesn't matter if you're old, died, full of pain. Why have they chosen such profession, if they don't care about lives and humanity. Receptionists saw me dying from pain. But she preferred to finish the call. When in a GP priority is the patient. When she's done she didn't annoyed herself she didn't move from the deep of the office. Answering very rude and aggressive. The guy who's the proper Receptionist. Been doing a tour in the gp without any reason, and told me off, without asking why? Doctor spent 10 seconds with me. My big curiosity, what this GP is open for?. Why the staff hate the patient. Why nobody try to resolve this big problem. Because I didn't visit my GP sense 2017. For the same reasons. Today thought some changes could happen. But naaaaa. Nothing. Even worst. I will present a official and formal complaint to....will change the GP after.

Author: Billy Ringer
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Billy Ringer3 reviewsa year ago

Author: mr singh
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Get rid off this gp specially if you are depressed

Author: Laura Fewell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have had two really positive interactions with the reception team this week. The first was in person when I came for a blood test. The lady at the counter reminded me I need to book a smear and helped me work out when I needed to have the appointment to fit best with my cycle. The second was today over the phone. The person who answered explained online booking and how they can only pre-book up to 14 days ahead. It was useful to understand how this system works. As for the blood test, this was with the HCA Maria and she was fabulous! Many medical folk have struggled to get blood out of me but she got my vein on the first go and I barely noticed. She was also warm and funny, which made getting pricked with a needle almost enjoyable! - thank you :)

Author: Mr
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst worst Gp Simple medicine have to wait for weeks
