Practice: AUCKLAND SURGERY
Canonical code: H83037
Postcode: SE19 2DF
Google Maps title: Auckland Surgery
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 92
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Auckland+Surgery/@51.4093949,-0.0835018,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760138059714df:0x2314bdbae3b2162d!8m2!3d51.4093916!4d-0.0809215!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfbh627?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83037-auckland-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nic Pendlebury
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience of Auckland Surgery is extremely good. The doctor I saw was very thorough and knowledgeable and the advice given extremely helpful. I managed to get an appointment with relative ease.

Author: Ollie Tween
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
My partner had a little medical issue today, and I wanted to give a huge shout-out to the reception staff and the nurse. They really went above and beyond to help us out. We really appreciate everything you do!

Author: Victor Johnson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Victor Johnson2 weeks ago New

Author: សាំ ពៅ
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
សាំ ពៅ1 photoa month ago

Author: Matthew Nunn
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This review is a reflection of Dr Williams rather than the surgery overall, which I have always found quite helpful. Especially Dr Dossett, who is a kind and patient man. I went to Auckland Surgery today with serious worry about a calcified lump in my upper abdomen which I was worried may indicate cancer. Dr Williams was immediately abrupt, dismissive and rude. He did not take me seriously, had a quick feel of the area and dismissed it as nothing. Even though this lump has never been there before and a private scan I paid for told me to follow up on this with the GP as it is unusual. I have had overarching health issues for the past 3 years, which Dr Williams told me weren't real as I don't have a diagnosis yet. Even though he has no knowledge of what has been happening and just briefly read my medical history. He then started blaming me for not having a diagnosis, insisting I should have the information even though he is the "doctor", not me. He blamed me for the hospital staff not telling me what my issue is, which they can't do as it is still undiagnosed. He talked to me as though I am stupid and making a fuss over nothing, which is the last thing you want when worried about potentially having cancer. He dismissed me within 5 minutes, with no follow up or test. I've never been spoken to like this by a medical professional before, and left the surgery genuinely angry at how I had been spoken to. Avoid this man like the plague, he is not a good GP. I will now be looking for a new GP service as I cannot believe Auckland Surgery would employ such a rude and dismissive person to deal with people who are worried about their health. I will have to pay £300 for the soft tissue scan I need, which all could be avoided if not for him.

Author: Caroline Tye
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but praise for Auckland Surgery . The receptionists are so helpful on the phone and gave an appointment when needed. The Doctor who has looked after both my daughter and I has been so kind and informative. I wouldn’t want to have any other GP surgery .

Author: Clara Manasian
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have not been overly pleased with Auckland Surgery for quite a few years - the receptionists are pretty rude, it’s hard to get test results etc - but I have stayed there for 6 years because it’s local and convenient. Last month I had perhaps the worst doctor’s appointment I have ever experienced and so now I am looking to change GP surgery asap (something I have never done before). I booked in advance a longer appointment to talk about two long term health conditions I suffer from and to ask about early breast cancer screening. I saw Dr Williams and he was a bit abrupt with me when I first came in but I can imagine being a GP is stressful so I just soldiered on. I told him about my conditions and symptoms and asked if I could be referred to a specialist or for some tests. Dr Williams did not examine, barely asked me any questions, told me I just had live with these symptoms and was very dismissive about testing or seeing a consultant. He gave me no helpful medical advice, contradicted what both other doctors had told me (and the advice any info that is written on the NHS website) and he even laughed at me. At one point he threw up his hands and said ‘what would be the point in getting an allergy test?!’ When I have chronic rhinitis which could be caused by an unknown allergy. When I asked him to add my recent Covid vaccination to my medical records he refused despite sitting in front of the computer and my records. The worst part of the whole appointment was how dismissive and rude he was about my family history of breast cancer. I was asking about the possibility of early breast cancer screening as both my grandmother and mother got the disease in their 40s and my grandmother actually died. Dr Williams seemed utterly uninterested in preventative medicine. I left the surgery feeling as if I could not trust the practice to take care of my health whatsoever and utterly disheartened. I am only giving this review one star as the nursing staff at Auckland Surgery have always been very nice. But in all my years of using the NHS, I have never had a doctor treat me that way and I will be looking for a new GP surgery asap.

Author: Kyle Johnson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Receptionists are so often vacant, I stood there for ages before giving up. Notifications that the doctor is ready is limited to a silent tv that nobody sees. How hard is it to sort that out, seriously?

Author: Mohamad Labib Refai
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mohamad Labib RefaiLocal Guide · 28 reviews · 394 photos7 months ago

Author: Lina Bedoya
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad
