Practice: MERSHAM MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: H83609
Postcode: CR7 8JN
Google Maps title: Mersham Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mersham+Medical+Centre/@51.4041581,-0.0989711,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487606cc784f2f3b:0xd6cac0ac5ba836f2!8m2!3d51.4041548!4d-0.0963908!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq58j0y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83609-mersham-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Qamar Zaman
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife made a call to ambulance services that she is unwell due to her thyroid glind she has lot of stress. Amblance service ask her to put tablet infront of her. And did not arrived. Reffer her to the gp practice who already giving her medicine. Gp book her appointement when to attend with husband. She did not told me and sameday we went to the Gp Dr name Shabana. And very rude receptionist was closing and opening window to speak with her colleague. My address has changed she ignored me and forcing to go with my wife when she already attended all the appointement.

Author: Oana Paduraru
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I feel safe and good health care at the GP. Mersham Medical Centre are the best Drs and the receptionists are helpful and kind. I am happy to have them as my GP. I have been registered here for 10 years and have never had any problems and have always received appropriate help and treatment.

Author: Valerie Lalenkova
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a terrible experience with this practice - Reception in particular. I called at 8am to request an emergency phone appointment. As soon as I mentioned that I had had a fever of 39°C for three days, the receptionist interrupted me and repeatedly said, “You are not allowed to come in.” I explained that I was not asking to attend in person because I did not want to risk spreading infection, but that I urgently needed medical advice and a prescription for antibiotics. Instead, I was told to go to a pharmacy, as they could apparently provide the medication. I walked to the pharmacy, only to be told that they were not permitted to issue anything given my high temperature, which at that point was 39.1°C. I then called the GP practice again and spoke to the same receptionist, who simply said, “Call us again tomorrow at 8am - we don’t have any appointments today.” When I asked what I was supposed to do in the meantime, having had a very high fever for three days, she repeated that I needed to call the next morning. When I asked whether an appointment would be guaranteed, she said, “We’ll try.” I ultimately had to pay for a private online GP consultation. After describing my symptoms and medical history, I was assessed and given a prescription within 10 minutes. This raises serious concerns. What about patients who cannot afford private care? Why should anyone have to, when we are meant to have access to NHS services? We constantly read about people developing sepsis because they were unable to access timely medical help - this experience shows exactly how that can happen. The receptionist was dismissive and simply wanted to get me off the phone. She did not ask for my name, date of birth, or any medical details. I have an autoimmune condition and must treat infections promptly, yet I was not given any opportunity to explain this. This was an absolutely appalling experience and a complete failure of patient care.

Author: James Scanlon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are not interested in listening to you or helping in any way. Their only job to is to get you off the phone as soon as possible whilst providing zero help, terrible

Author: Selby L
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently moved to this surgery on recommendation. I will probably move again unless my experience improves. It probably won’t after this review. Oh well. The receptionists are not particularly polite or helpful. Dr Nana is possibly the most miserable, least friendly GP I have ever dealt with. Does not even have the decency to say hello let alone apologise for keeping me waiting 20 minutes. No bedside manner and I will not see him again. A miserable centre.

Author: R C.EAGLES
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
R C.EAGLESLocal Guide · 114 reviews · 77 photos4 months ago

Author: Kerry Lindo
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mersham medical has the best Doctors I’ve been with this surgery for over 20 years I don’t think any other doctor would know my records like Dr. Sobanna and Dr. Nana, my daughter loves them so much and so do I . The staff is amazing too how can I forget Arline , Jamel they know me by name I feel Ike family and the care I receive is so professional. These Doctors I would definitely recommend God bless these wonderful Doctors and staff.

Author: Paulo P
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible service. Don’t waste time with this GP they never have appointments. Its best to close the GP if you are not ready to see patients

Author: Keith Crawford
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered with Mersham Medical Centre for over 20 years. I have a good rapport with all the members of staff and especially with my GP Dr Nana. I want to thank Dr Nana for the care that I have received from him over the last 2 years. I see Dr Nana more than I see my wife...LOL.....

Author: Razz Cee
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I really appreciate this GP , great Doctors but the new receptionist is very RUDE and unhelpful
