Practice: SELHURST MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: H83611
Postcode: SE25 5QA
Google Maps title: Selhurst Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 84
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Selhurst+Medical+Centre/@51.3896233,-0.091647,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876012a0d3b5193:0x56a9c4d40d456c3f!8m2!3d51.38962!4d-0.0890667!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v3kmjyb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H83611-selhurst-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Valerie smith
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Here I am nearly 2 years later after seeing the doctor about pains in my leg which was diagnosed as sciatica. I made numerous visits and was given pain killers every time.Finally I was sent for an x ray in September and this revealed arthritus of the hip. I am now awaiting a hip replacement which could take months before being offered one. I am in a great deal of pain every day. Not acceptable.

Author: Gareth Simmonds
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gareth SimmondsLocal Guide · 20 reviews · 12 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: Emily Hutt
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sure look - we know the NHS and it's employees are at the brink but despite this, the staff at Selhurst Medical centre are incredible. I call and I'm second of not first in the queue. I arrive and check in and I'm told the wait time so that at least I can set expectations. I speak to reception and they are warm, helpful and even dare I say it - full of banter. The nurses and doctors inside the examination rooms take time to know you and even remember you on follow up visits! It's bloody hard to have a good experience in a GP in this city but I'm thrilled that I registered here. Thank you everyone at Selhurst Medical - you guys are such an addition to this community.

Author: anca micu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m satisfied with the service overall. Having lived in the area for the past five years, I’ve consistently received good care. With two kids, I’ve had frequent visits to the surgery, and the experience has always been positive.

Author: Sarah Mensah
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I've only given one star because I had to, but honestly it deserves a big 0. I was a patient for over 15 years and, I can definitely say the standards have dropped. Whether that be the main GP services or the reception staff, after making a complaint about not getting my medication that was to be prescribed and then told I'd have to have another appointment was ridiculous. This breakdown was happening way too often. Getting no response I decided to leave with no fuss, I thought that would bring me peace. I've now joined my childhood surgery again, but guess what my medical records for the last 15 years have disappeared without a trace. I raised this last year and the the practise manager left without any resolution only to be taken over by a rude woman who has got no knowledge of the situation but is quick to tell me and external bodies that it's not their responsibility. Avoid at all costs

Author: Rebecca R
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Sookun and the receptionist team are great.

Author: Tanzeem Ajmiri
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Went in for a smear test earlier this week. The person who did it had zero bedside manner. Didn’t introduce herself. Didn’t tell me if she was a doctor or nurse. Didn’t do a breast exam or pelvic exam. Not impressed with their services.

Author: Driver
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute usless. Asked 3 times for my short summery to be sent to me, I had to waste my time to go in and get it after it was ment to emailed to me 3 times. Edit just reading other reviews and I'm glad im not alone and it's not just me. I don't know where they get these receptionist from. Maybe make them work at the tax office or the job centre, they seen to hate the people they are employed to help as well.

Author: Shd Rsiol
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I left the whitehorse.practice Croydon and changed over to selhurst practice. As many are aware dr nuwoh has caused alot of distress in many patients hence I am in various local.proffesional groups and I asked for advice which is a.good practice in croydon. I was recommended the selhurst practice. I am honestly lost for words. I have been with them a few months and the service I receive from them is outstanding. The receptionists although are very busy (which is to be expected)I never feel.as though they dont want to listen to me . They listen talk and guide me in support for my health needs. Honestly they are so professional polite yet I feel very comfortable calling because of their support. I cannot thank them enough. Having recently spending over a week in hospital they have been so supportive. So thank you to the amazing reception team for all your support. Such kind welcoming people as I'm usually not one wanting to visit a.practice. I get my appointments and support very quickly. I've never had to wait longer than five minutes to see my GP everytime. I would like to mention that the gps i have seen so far have been fine but i would.specifically like.to point out Dr Syed Zaidi whom i met because of my health as ii have had several issues for many years and have been suffering in silence . I have expressed these to this gp and he listened and dis carious tests and i am.very grateful he has investigated my health firther. Honestly i rarely praise specific humans but the gp is very professional and has a very empathetic attotude . So wouldnt the qorld be a better place of we had professionals helping us who actuallly care? .To summarise I recommend the selhurst practice. That's if you want to be heard to be treated well and cared for. Thank you very much. Outstanding. Many others I know are going to be moving to this practice and thanks to the lovely people of croydon for recommending this place. Excellent 5stars if I could. A few people i.know have registered with you recently. Also.thanks to my local groups full.of.councillors and professionals they recommended and I'm ever so grateful they did as this surgery seems.to.be more focused on getting to the root of.the problem.not just handing out pills like.sweets like.the whitehorse practice. I.will recommend this surgery to anyone who.genuinely wants support and listening ears from.proffezsionals who care about your health. Thanks. Thanks.

Author: Irina
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The doctor Rabia Dabo is excellent, but the reception staff, their attitude towards patients, and the nurses’ work arrangements, to put it mildly, leave much to be desired
