Practice: JUBILEE SURGERY
Canonical code: H84031
Postcode: TW2 6JL
Google Maps title: Jubilee Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Jubilee+Surgery/@51.4441687,-0.3697632,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48760cb0ee8a522d:0x600a699e0b036357!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sJUBILEE+SURGERY+TW2+6JL!3m8!1s0x48760cb94309316f:0x1aa1de9223e8574!8m2!3d51.4441687!4d-0.3649996!9m1!1b1!15sChdKVUJJTEVFIFNVUkdFUlkgVFcyIDZKTJIBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F11bbrktjw6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H84031-jubilee-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lauren Roberts
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Whilst some of the doctors are good, it's pretty hit and miss. Don't expect much if you have to see a Locum Doctor - I was treated rudely and one time actually refused for them to take blood because they were treating me so rudely and uncaringly. As someone not fond of needles (who is?!), this just made it so much worse. Whatever is happening behind the scenes, it's not OK to treat people like that. It's so sad that a place that should be about compassion and healing is one of the most stressful places I visit and I therefore avoid it as much as I can.

Author: Cloudii Zed
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception is completely useless. They don’t answer the phone, and I have a sick child with no way to book an appointment. This is unacceptable.

Author: Rohit Singh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This places doesnt deserve to be called a GP have been waiting 1hr plus to be seen even though I had an appointment. Complete Joke avoid at all costs

Author: Joanne Graves
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I took my 17 month old daughter to see Dr Boohan 4 times in 4 weeks. I was just fobbed off over and over again and made to feel like an over protective mother. Dr Boohan seemed annoyed that I was wasting her time. My daughter was just getting worse and on the fourth visit she sent us for blood tests because “she looked a little bit pale”. 2 days later my daughter was in intensive care fighting for her life in Great Ormond Street Hospital. She was diagnosed with Acute Myeloid Leukaemia. Due to her late diagnosis, she had to have a bone marrow transplant. We spent 6 months in hospital. When we were finally discharged, we were not allowed out as she had no immune system. This surgery insisted that I came in to the surgery to request her prescriptions. As a single parent, it would mean I would have to take my daughter with me. They did not care. It took the community nurses to actually go and speak to them about my situation for them to agree that I could order her prescriptions over the phone (you couldn’t order online when this happened). One receptionist had an issue with this and I was put through to the supervisor who basically told me my daughters condition was not complex and they had a lot more other patients with more complex needs so what was so special about my daughter? I could not believe it. I will never forgive Dr Boohan or this surgery for what they put us through. There are much better GP surgery’s around that are much better than this one who actually care and who listen and who take your concerns seriously

Author: David C Read
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Ðo have to wait up to 2 weeks to see my prfered doctor.. Then I get a good service.

Author: Ty Desilva
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have been with Jubilee surgery for over 30 years and have always been satisfied with the overall service from the Practice. Dr Coyle is a gem! She is very knowledgeable and a fantastic doctor, who is caring, and has always dealt with our medical issues effectively and professionally. I'm sure the other doctors are also good but we have always seen Dr Coyle. The nursing staff are also excellent, especially Anne. Ty Desilva

Author: lAlbert Man
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad place. Can't even say what they done to the wife as no one would believe it

Author: Julie Roberts
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient of Jubilee Surgery for as long as I can remember. Probably 55 years in total. I have had a knee problem that was diagnosed as Ostio Arthritis in April. After numerous visits to the Surgery - seeing the Physician who just prescribed Codeine then Cocordomol which I did not take. I sat and cried in pain with her!!! ( I also had Private Physio as I was still in a queue for Teddington Hospital) I was told that they did not perform a Steroid injection. In desparation I booked an appointment with Dr. Irina Lambon who was absolutely amazing and so understanding she told me she was trained to do a steroid injection. ( which I had on Thursday) I cannot thank her enough for her support. Also to Dr. Boohan who I saw on another occasion who showed nothing but kindness and fitted me in as an urgent appointment. I find the receptionists very helpful.

Author: Julio Barboza
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service. I can’t get through to the surgery by phone and the online booking system doesn’t work. I’ve tried several times and no one ever answers. Complete disregard for patients. Very dissatisf

Author: Kim S
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Being new to the surgery and area- Thank you so very much for helping me so swiftly. I cannot fault anyone from reception staff to GP, it was so refreshing to be listened to and get an appointment with the right treatment so swiftly. I was dealt with dignity and respect- which goes along way.
