Practice: SUNRAY SURGERY
Canonical code: H84618
Postcode: KT5 9QD
Google Maps title: Sunray Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sunray+Surgery/@51.3823698,-0.2766211,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487609841cdfea87:0x3c71fd8fec9f45e4!8m2!3d51.3823665!4d-0.2740408!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9twm8b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H84618-sunray-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marzena Khammassi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good experience with a nurse Ms.Odette,very professional and kind.

Author: Vali Berculean
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This review is about the way my uncle was treated. He is on heart medication, unable to stand or lift his arms, and had to stop working. He needs sick notes for Universal Credit while waiting for his disability pension. The first sick note was only given when he went in person, even though he is unwell. When I tried to get a new one for him, the receptionist was rude, dismissive and unhelpful. She didn’t listen, didn’t care, and made everything harder.She also love to talk over you with the same excuse:"We can't do nothing.You need to talk to the dictor" WE CAN'T GET TO THE DOCTOR IF THE RECEPTIONIST ARE UNPROFESSIONAL, IGNORANT,ARROGANT AND RUDE. A vulnerable patient should not be treated with arrogance. This practice needs to show compassion and respect to people who are genuinely sick.

Author: Ahmed A.
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
very bad service. very difficult almost impossible to make appointments if your are working or studying. you need to run very fast to get appointment like raising . so if you call after 1 minute after their opening time to receive calls Than you will be in the que number 8 by the time they answer your call , they will be fully booked . That's a joke. and reception ladies never thought of helping . they dont care about people. really disappointed

Author: Candice W
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Gareth Hull is great

Author: Elizabeth Hart
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I contacted the surgery regarding vaccinations for an overseas trip. The system on line was easy, simply following the surgery website and logging the request. The following day the receptionist phoned me and booked an appointment with the surgery nurse for a few weeks time. All very easy and great communication. Well done Sunray Surgery.

Author: Micol Garcia
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Micol Garcia3 reviews · 1 photo7 months ago

Author: Benjamin Edge
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Almost impossible to make an appointment

Author: Sofiya Yurukova
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They sent me an SMS that I had to go for a smeartest I made an appointment and then they called me that the appointment was in a year. I asked for an appointment with a doctor and they said to call at 2.30, I called and they started pretending on the phone that they couldn't hear me when they heard my voice and hung up! The doctors are great, but the receptionists are under all kinds of criticism

Author: G Sv
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I've been there a few times now, and if it's not one thing, it's another. The most recent issue was an appointment booked by the healthcare assistant who does the morning blood tests. She's amazing, but she scheduled me for a test I was pretty sure I didn’t need, as it's only done every few years. I mentioned it to her but figured she’s the professional, and if I truly didn’t need it, someone would probably catch it before the day. So, I show up at 8am for the appointment. After waiting 10–15 minutes in an empty waiting room, I’m finally called in, only to be told I shouldn't be there. When I challenged the nurse (someone different to whom booked me in), she explained she only works Thursdays, so she wouldn’t have seen it, and apparently neither did reception because they have no access to those records. I don’t know what system they’re using, but as a nurse, you should check in advance, specially when this already happened before (she told me), and maybe sit down and give some training to the assistant. I work with calendars and always double-check things to avoid issues like this. Every time I go there, it feels like there's a lack of accountability, poor training, no desire to evolve, and plenty of finger-pointing. My experience with the doctors has still been positive, though I’ve only spoken with them over the phone, and the healthcare assistant is extremely nice.

Author: Honorine Bawack Tabe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Thank you for your 4 star feedback, if there is anything we can do to reach 5 stars, please do let us know. Kind regards, Vicky Allen, Practice Manager.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your 4 star feedback, if there is anything we can do to reach 5 stars, please do let us know. Kind regards, Vicky Allen, Practice Manager.
