Practice: STONECOT SURGERY
Canonical code: H85076
Postcode: SM3 9EY
Google Maps title: Stonecot Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stonecot+Surgery/@51.3869693,-0.2121217,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487608606ece9f81:0x93d5183c49f53cb4!8m2!3d51.386966!4d-0.2095414!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfch7bc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H85076-stonecot-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matthew Richards
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful surgery. Had multiple phone conversations and in person meetings about my medication. I have been on the same medication for 8 months and they still can not get it correct. They keep me standing up pharmacy's for hours with a severe back injury. I now do not have my medication today as they have messed up again. Not having your medication that you have been on daily for 8 months will cause huge side effects.....they dont care!! Im absolutely disgusted

Author: Victor Caraji
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Victor Caraji2 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Ezinne Ngwu
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been using them and it’s been great. Their follow up is lovely, great customer service and always very helpful. Definitely recommend

Author: sarah B
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr vassa practically saved my life. If he hadn’t take the extra time I don’t what the result would be now. He even rang me at 10pm to make sure a&e were Doing as asked. Dr Patel listens. She’s polite and caring it’s as if she puts herself in your shoes. The pharmacist is so lovely and happy and the two hca’s know their job and aways welcome you with a smile. Coming from a nursing background everyone is brilliant. The receptionists always put up with a lot of abuse but these ladies keep smiling throughout their day. Remember every member of staff is human and we all have good and bad days. The practice are not super human they are the same as us. Be kind and just remember the work level that each member of staff has. I can tell you now the work load is a lot a some times they are in the surgery till very late at night. Please give them a break as they have always been brilliant to me from aged 8 to 44.

Author: Siddhi Joshi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant doctors, nurses and reception staff! Thanks so much for the help with all the health matters over the years!!

Author: Annmarie Ray
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just moved around here..and am not taken by this surgery at all...I am shocked ,just how rude a doctor can be..Doctors need to have more training on how to speak to people without insulting them...I have been extremely ill and the doctor I just saw from here was terrible,I had a bad virus and he is coughing and not covering his mouth!!!!..then proceeds to insult me...I didn't even want to give one star..poor...very poor

Author: Taylor Robinson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
people on the help desk need a new job, hanging up the phone and constant attitude. Can tell there not smiling as soon as they answer

Author: Koli Khan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They don't see the clients properly, looks like not enough knowledge regarding disease to give solutions. I feel like it's all my time waste to go there.

Author: Siddhesh y
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No wonder, it's Damn NHS GP's. The GP's here are the laziest people I have ever seen & met in my life who takes the least amount of efforts to patient assesment, let alone the caring part, I met the Doctor's sivakuram, raul multiple times regarding my breathing issues, One say's I'm being hyper-aware about it & other gives useless recommendations such as Chest X-ray. after going with a private treatment I found out it was sinusitis, some problem which was really that found on the surface level , i spent months back & forth booking appointments , with no positive outcomes. As doctors, they have no regards to know if their last solution has turned out effectively. I don't think this analysis was that hard such as finding the root of cause of cancer, but it shows how the doctors just put no effort looking into it, where a private doctor found in one go. it just shows the attentiveness of the doctors whilst being at the practice. But just keeping on making recommendations to waste one's time is really not fair. I give one star bcuz the booking & appointment process is easy & no-fluff & the place is hygienic at all times. Rest, please save yourself the trouble of seeing any doctor at this clinic.

Author: kremena payova
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This GP practice provides a commendable service. I appreciate the quick responses I receive when scheduling appointments, and their efficiency in emergencies is impressive. The reception staff are consistently friendly and helpful, which enhances the overall experience. Dr. Free stands out to me as an exceptional doctor; his knowledge and efficiency make a significant difference in patient care. Thank you all for your dedication and hard work!
