Practice: ROEHAMPTON SURGERY
Canonical code: H85008
Postcode: SW15 4HN
Google Maps title: The Roehampton Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Roehampton+Surgery/@51.4512924,-0.2454013,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760edd8e6e3f0f:0xd93087d2c748fd91!8m2!3d51.4512891!4d-0.242821!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgh2g73?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H85008-roehampton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Vittoria Azzopardi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent. Receptionist are brilliant. Service is always professional. Nothing bad to comment. If needed doctors are always available. All round good service
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback.

Author: Manam Awan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The lady was too rude she replied (Madam can you slow down and lower your voice) im Professional person i know how to speak but this was disrespectful and she even didn’t listen and said Saturday sunday is closed call next week even i called her on friday over all experience was awful and she didn’t gave me appointment as well

Author: Fragkiskos Likometi
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Guy Dimond was amazing! He was professional, knowledgeable, and super helpful. Listened to my concerns and made me feel at ease. Highly recommend!

Author: Joyce Ann Baltazar
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist is not accommodating and very intimidating while talking to me.

Author: P A
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Praj Nirmalan and Senior are the best doctors ever. Been with the Surgery 30yrs and very highly recommend. Both GP are the utmost professionals . They are extremely knowledgeable, helpful and patient - I couldn’t ask for better. Thank you so much .

Author: Ella
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Joseph who works at this surgery is an endangerment to women’s health. I went to him with a problem regarding excessive bleeding for over 60 days. He told me that this was “normal” and that I shouldn’t worry. I then asked for a scan appointment and he told me that this wasn’t necessary. I pushed for the scan and he eventually caved in and put a referral through. Upon having the scan, the consultant found that I actually had a Polyp in my womb, something that can be serious if left, which was then confirmed by a second scan I had today at the hospital. My question to you Dr Joseph is this, how many women are you going to ignore and disregard until someone gets seriously ill? I cannot fault any other staff members at the surgery, including the lovely man on reception.

Author: Simon Noulton
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This has been my surgery for many years now. Due to a recent medical issue I’ve had to attend several times over the past month or so. Dr Lal has been amazing. Friendly and helpful team. Hopefully I’m on the mend and won’t be such a frequent visitors.

Author: Sharon
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The receptionists are not accomodating and helpful enough

Author: Elka Tranchina
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
when you call to make an appointment you have to pray that Tammy doesn't answer, always rude, irritating and never willing to find a solution. After all if you call it's not for fun but for HEALTH and being treated the way she ALWAYS treats you is not pleasant.

Author: Nicola Simpson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrific surgery. Doctor Prajeshan nirmalan, who is doctor R nirmalands son and both work at this surgery, changed my consultation notes due to a complaint I made, which is against the law. The nurse kerren Hardy horrifically let me down when dealing with my asthma. she left me in asthma attack stage and booked me for respiratory with the hospital (after I begged over and over for a long time) just on a standard appointment, which was a 1 year wait. The hospital themselves were totally shocked the nurse let me down so badly. The hospital respiratory said kerren was meant to refer me as an emergency due to my a and e visits as a result of terrible asthma. She failed me terribly, and I am lucky to be alive. Due to my complaints, Dr Prajeshan Nirmaland altered my consultation notes and treated me horrifically. I was close to losing my life due to the horrific treatment of this surgery. I would strongly advise you to keep away from this surgery and go somewhere you will be looked after. I'm now with a new amazing surgery.
