Practice: QUEENSTOWN ROAD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H85003
Postcode: SW8 3RX
Google Maps title: Queenstown Road Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 70
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Queenstown+Road+Medical+Practice/@51.466981,-0.1529248,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487605a8c5e06349:0x873710573b796618!8m2!3d51.4669777!4d-0.1503445!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tc_w1zr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H85003-queenstown-road-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nadejda Dragan
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience at Queenstown Road Medical Practice has been very positive. The doctors are professional, kind and take the time to listen carefully, which makes you feel truly cared for. I would especially like to thank Dr Hooper, who has been extremely attentive, thoughtful and supportive. It is reassuring to have a doctor who explains things clearly and shows genuine care for patients. The reception team is also welcoming and helpful, and the surgery is well organised. I feel very grateful to have such a dedicated GP practice in our community.

Author: Maria Ruseva
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Queenstown Road Medical Practice is a really wonderful local GP surgery. The doctors are professional, kind and take the time to listen carefully, which makes you feel truly cared for. The reception team is always welcoming and helpful, and the whole practice feels well organised and calm. It’s reassuring to have such a reliable practice in the neighbourhood. I’ve always had a very positive experience and would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a supportive local GP practice.

Author: Genevieve Martin Cohen
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been at this practice for almost 3 years and have had really good experiences. The staff are lovely and helpful, shout out Alex (I think his name is) on reception! I suffer with bad mental health and I feel very well looked after by this practice. If come in for a physical health issue and my mood is very low, they always offer follow up appointments with a doctor or nurse, often the same day, and they’ve referred me for life saving and changing therapies. It makes a huge difference to me knowing I can rely on them and getting appropriate healthcare isn’t something I have to worry about. Thank you all!

Author: Che Che
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been comeing here for 40 years always been great the last 5 years has been the worst experience ever , never had health issues up until two years ago , had to go private to prove a issue as they didn’t believe nor treat the issue sufficiently , even with the proof and the treatment not working I’m still living with this issue , it has now caused more issues I’m now suffering with when going back explaining issues I’m having they are being dismissed until I beg and cry for help , and try to force them to make further tests , istead of looking at my past notes and putting everything together and listening to my concerns that what I am experiencing is not normal and I am suffering, I’ve had a doctor offer me anti depressants , ask me if I take drugs , and now trying to blame anxiety , some of these doctors are very negligent , if I had some ongoing issues and you keep going back time and time again I’m sure your mood would feel low , treat the root of the issue or try and find the cause , how some of these doctors are still in practice is beyond me , I’m now starting to record my visits , as once I find the real cause I can go back to one of them and show them so they can mabie listen and take there patients seriously . I’m also looking at other gp practices currently to see a doctor that can actually help . This place needs closing down !

Author: ellesse newman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have made several complaints about the male receptionist(Matt) at this GP practice due to his complete lack of compassion and consistently poor attitude. He comes across as someone who simply does not want to be there. He is rude, dismissive, and utterly unprofessional when speaking to patients. I have submitted more than three formal complaints, none of which have been followed up by the practice. This lack of response is deeply disappointing and reflects poorly on the management of the surgery. As someone who works in healthcare myself, I find it genuinely shocking that someone in a patient-facing role can be so ill-mannered and uncaring. His manner is hostile and he shows no concern or empathy whatsoever. He clearly does not care about his job or the patients he speaks to. If you specifically ask to speak to a female receptionist, the experience is completely different polite, helpful, and professional, which only highlights how unacceptable his behaviour is. This practice seriously needs to address this issue. Patients deserve to be treated with basic respect and dignity

Author: Bananacocktails
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Getting an appointment here is extremely easy unlike other doctors nearby At least they don’t use that horrible online triage service other doctor surgeries are using which make people wait days for an appointment if they ever get one I’ve never had to wait more than a couple of days for an appt and I often get same day appointments ..the longest I’ve waited was one week. It’s hit and miss with the doctors though - I’ve got a severe issue with my spine and still I go to work, asking some doctors for pain killers is like I am asking for crystal meth or something, I’ve had very strong painkillers prescribed but only take them very sparingly, there is only enough to last a month but I stretch them to 4 months that’s how sparingly I take them so not sure what their problem is prescribing more .i only take them As a last resort . Some locum doctors are clueless one asked me how to operate a Microsoft system , there is also a high turnover of staff meaning there is no continuity of care The building itself is quite shabby, though, very old and the waiting room chairs are broken it’s also not step free access I think they need to move somewhere new

Author: dream girl
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
made me wait an hour for my appointment and when you talk calmly to reception about it they get defensive and make it out like you’re the problem for having an issue with it. It is totally normal and acceptable for someone to be disappointed to wait an hour for an appointment. I don’t need another reason to be disappointed by dealing with achy receptionists.

Author: Connor Grayson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t let their ‘good rating’ on the quality care commission fool you. They are appalling, Obstructive and unhelpful. Most of the reception staff I have come into contact with, except Jenny think they’re running a tight ship, but they treat their patients like an annoyance. These staff are in control of this place - as evidenced by a doctor I tried to complain and her response was ‘‘I’m just a GP’. The practice manager is never available. All engagements are forced through a general email as Sharon doesn’t take calls or speak with patients. I wouldn’t if I presided over such a shambles. I had a serious health event and true form, they can’t get basics right. They don’t upload records, doctors remain uninformed which means extra, unnecessary calls. It’s probably why we have to call after 11 or 2pm for those illusive appointments we can never get. It used to be good. It’s not now. They could be good and well managed. They have chosen to be neither.

Author: Kate Oliver
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
We have been with this practice for 17 years for a reason. We are almost always very happy with our experience and unfortunately we’ve had to use them a lot. Yes, it’s sometimes tricky to get an appointment these days but from the experience of friends and relatives this practice is better than most. People seem to complain about the receptionists - they are not super smiley but I have never found them rude and they are pretty efficient. On the few occasions when we’ve needed something urgent or something has gone wrong they have been very kind and helpful. In the last few years things do very occasionally get missed eg a repeat prescription not going through or a missed phone appointment. However I’ve also experienced this at the hospital and know from friends who work in the NHS that it’s due to overload/understaffing etc. My only negative would be that one of the nurses can be brusque to the point of rude.

Author: Shelagh Vaughan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
An elderly friend 85 had his blood test csncelled and now has to go St Johns Centre. A fair old walk for him to bus stop to get a bus tbere. Disgraceful
