Practice: SHOTFIELD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: H85115
Postcode: SM6 0HY
Google Maps title: Shotfield Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Shotfield+Medical+Practice/@51.3572973,-0.153499,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487607854adc0ee5:0x27e981758d5b205c!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876078fec1d615d:0xe6e923858eef72d8!8m2!3d51.357294!4d-0.1509187!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b5pj8zf9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H85115-shotfield-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Billie Sanderson-Kearns
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everyone has a right to an opinion and to review. However, I came across a review below that I found uncalled for and frankly slanderous. The author was clearly unhappy, but it's offensive to write each doctors name and then go on to slander each, on a public post, on a strange 'name and shame' rant. I've been a patient here since 2001. Dr Lewis has been my GP the whole time. I prefer to book with him because he's a great doctor, very professional, who doesn't make you feel rushed out. Good bed side manners. It saddened me to see his name brought into this. Very doubtful there's proof, so be careful what you say. The service the team at this surgery provide is wide ranging and the staff on, the whole, do a great job, be they doctors, nurses, prescribing clerk or admin. Thumbs up from me, I hope the review is removed

Author: Anna B.
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was caller number one 10 minutes plus the lady didn't have any emphaty towards my question I was talking to her and she disconnected. It happened 19 of February at 9:29 am

Author: Quyen Duong
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I can give Shotfield Medical Practice negative stars I would give them -1000. Everything is BAD. Doctors are bad. Admin are BAD. Avoid.

Author: Rakesh Gupta
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am a new patient here but I have had telephone conversations and face to face appointments with a physio and a doctor. I am very impressed with their services and the online process is very easy and straightforward. All staff (admin and professional) are very knowledgeable, welcoming and friendly. It's easy to get free parking in the nearby streets or at Sainsbury's for 2 hours. The library car park is close by for a small charge.

Author: Lina Lisa
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Trying to book a medical appointment with this practice has been nearly impossible. I’ve tried for four days straight—calling both at 8 AM and 2 PM—for morning and afternoon slots. Each time, reception tells me all appointments are already taken and to try again tomorrow. Honestly, how many days and attempts does it take to book a simple phone call with a GP?

Author: Emma Wooldridge
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am so lucky to have Shotfield has my doctors. My registered and go to doctor is Dr Elvis Martinez. I am so thankful that I have him to look after me and my family. Shotfield have a nice and friendly reception team that have always been lovely when ive phoned. We are so lucky to have such a wonderful doctors in the Wallington community. Thank you so much !!

Author: Awder Sharif
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awder Sharif9 months ago

Author: J C
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I cannot believe how this medical practice hires the most aggressive rudest receptionist I've ever tried to speak to and ",tried" being the operative word, instantly from this woman answering the call she was rude and judgemental towards me, I asked a simple question and was told "I'd better change my tone" what time my normal voice, she then proceeded to try to embarrass me telling me I'm calling the wrong place when I know who I'm calling and after just around 20 seconds of this unbelievable call of aggression and rudeness I coughed and was then told I'm being sarcastic and funny and I was hung up on, I honestly cannot believe how this receptionist has a job dealing with the public, this is a public service this woman should be providing I was polite and was treated terribly, this women certainly needs some training on how to speak to people and she clearly has a very nasty attitude towards the patients.

Author: Shelly Williams
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
** Warning** I’ve been complaining about the service of this GP practice, and now, without warning, they have decided to remove me from their GP list. Dr Mahfooth: he sits with a clinical mask on with every face-to-face appointment. I genuinely think he doesn’t care about patience, having to be prompted constantly for medication/referrals and medication reviews. Dr. Chung talks 100mph. She puts the phone down before the patient disconnects the telephone conversation. It’s clearly stated within the medical environment that gabapentin should NOT be prescribed to patients who have migraines, and she prescribes it to me!! Dr Lewis: In my opinion, he looked at me, which made me feel very weird. It’s like he was undressing me with his eyes. I came into the appointment with my boyfriend to make me feel safe, but on one occasion, I came alone to the appointment before I even sat down. He said, “Oh, you didn’t come with your boyfriend this time.” That was a weird comment, as I am the patient, not my boyfriend. Dr Calverley: apologising for ECG results not being shared with me after a few months is not acceptable because fast forward, I now have a heart condition. Dr. Gunatunga: From the first time I heard her voice, you could tell she cares about her patients. She has a slightly strict nature, but she is very medically informative. Assistant Practice Manager Helen: She does not honour anything she says. She’s more concerned about her staff calling in sick than the patient’s well-being. Practice manager: the most significant language barrier I’ve ever come across, she lies she waffles on and on, and she doesn’t have a clue about anything medically Secretary: You select that option, and you say hello, good morning, or good afternoon. The English woman says, "Yes, can I help you?" Telephone Manor is not their strong point. If you’re a woman of colour who speaks directly and is unafraid to challenge these medical professionals, this GP practice has a problem. I would not have been removed from the GP practice list if I were a non-ethnic individual.

Author: Christopher Blake
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Lewis has gone above and beyond, being so helpful and supportive after being sent home too early from St George’s Hospital who didn’t show any care or after care. He has been outstanding. 🙏 Thank you Dr Lewis
