Practice: VINEYARD HILL ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: H85112
Postcode: SW19 7JL
Google Maps title: Vineyard Hill Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Vineyard+Hill+Road+Surgery/@51.4330591,-0.2029845,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760f4d70e7319f:0xb9eb1bbc8608ed0!8m2!3d51.4330558!4d-0.2004042!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc74z2zv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H85112-vineyard-hill-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tihesia Riley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve seen Nicola Johnson twice and she is such a credit to your service! Always makes me feel listened to and heard

Author: R. R.
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is one of the best GP practices in London, depending on the doctor you see. Most GPs here genuinely listen and provide the care required, without fobbing you off. I have had excellent experience with the female doctors at this practice who have been outstanding. Great for private referrals and pointing you in the right direction, too. Been a patient of this GP clinic for nearly 8 years now.

Author: Liz Edwards
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The new system of booking appointments online has been executed poorly, in my view. I filled out the form and answered lots of irrelevant questions but struggled to find anywhere to say why I needed an appointment. I’ve always found the doctors, and all the staff, to be excellent.

Author: Catriona Macdonald
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't recommend the practice (both the GPs and the receptionists) highly enough. Professional and friendly, they've put me at ease through a variety of different health challenges. I'm also really impressed by the receptionists who are proactive in finding available appointments if they can to help minimize waiting times. Thank you!

Author: Erwin Blomeyer
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I know the NHS is broken, but there is no point belonging to this practice as the appointments need to be booked through the app and there are never any appointments (I have over 10 attempts with no appointments). I have my chronic medication cancelled with no notification, now I have to go find another way to get medication prescribed. I have other medication prescribed by specialists that I need the GP to process the prescription which just does not happen?? I guess they just want me to pay for a private consultation??? I am all for optimization through technology but this incompetence is unacceptable - will change practices next week.

Author: matthew soulsby
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I have been at this surgery for over a year and had no major problems! Doctors are fantastic and no issues with the receptionists Until this morning! This new system they have in place for booking appointments on line, is ridiculous! Half the questions don’t have anything to do with what I wanted. Once I battled through it, it didn’t recognise my details so I had to phone the receptionist in the end! A complete waste of time, to be told I can’t be seen for a couple of weeks!! I don’t know whose idea it was to change the system, but they need to have a word with themselves!!!

Author: Katharina Hauck
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly family practice with caring and professional GPs, and helpful receptionists. Today I saw Dr Shankar who took time and provided excellent care. The online booking system on the website is a bit ridiculous, hundreds of questions to go through, no I am not suffering an acute heart attack, I just want a prescription for a routine blood test! And get air conditioning. For the well being of patients, but more so for your staff.

Author: Laam Kong
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Mahendran is really nice and professional. She check my symptoms really carefully as I was misdiagnosed by the other doctor. She patiently explained my situation and arranged follow up appointment to make sure the prescription is working this time. Thank you

Author: Olha Korobova
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
The service is at a low level and I hope it can be fixed. There are doctors wonderful and indifferent :(

Author: Rabia Mughal
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good doctors in here and reception staff very friendly.
