Practice: FACCINI HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: H85683
Postcode: SM4 6RT
Google Maps title: Faccini House Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 109
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Faccini+House+Surgery/@51.3897903,-0.1925756,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760880b8483113:0x461b1e28f70a22b1!8m2!3d51.389787!4d-0.1899953!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tkbxp_w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/H85683-faccini-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: New Vision
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to see the doctor yesterday after waiting over 9 days for an appointment and the doctor I see was Mr Bennet he was awful ask me questions then told me to be quiet and sit back in my chair around five times in the end I had to say who do you think your talking to it was the worst experience I've ever had he should not be a doctor he only calmed down when I said I'm putting a complaint in also I said I'm not sitting back cause I'm in so much pain with my stomach he to me to be quiet he can't do 2 things at once but I was only describing my problems I cannot believe this practice allows this he is the worst doctor I ever seen and should be banned.

Author: NaThalia Hairstylist
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
NaThalia Hairstylist3 weeks ago New

Author: 80s Chan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really poor experience. I had been waiting for the appointment for 2weeks, then the nurse suddenly cancelled the it 15min before the appointment........ She said I had to see the Doctor and make the appointment again by myself....so I had to wait 2 weeks more.......after 2 weeks, the doctor said he won't see me.......I couldn't stand with these anymore.......so I just went to St Helier hospital..... Completely ridiculous.......

Author: Zoje Brati
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Zoje Brati2 reviews3 months ago

Author: Audrey K
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Went to collect prescription. Floor still not done over 2 wks now.

Author: AC
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered at this practice for over 20 years, and I have never felt so disrespected or dismissed by a GP. My recent experience with Dr. Bennett was deeply disappointing and completely unprofessional. When I received a call back to arrange an appointment, Dr. Bennett spoke to me in an unacceptable manner — impatient, dismissive, and lacking any respect or empathy. I was simply asking if there were any other appointments available this week, and instead of assisting me, Dr. Bennett told me to “take it or leave it” and then hung up on me. This behaviour was entirely uncalled for. I was polite throughout the conversation and did not deserve to be spoken to in that way. It’s deeply concerning that someone with such an attitude towards patients is in a position of care. Encounters like this are exactly why so many people lose faith in the NHS. I have now cancelled the appointment because I cannot trust someone who treats patients so poorly to look after my health. After more than two decades with this practice, I am truly disappointed.

Author: pramila Kumar
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Finally, I had an appointment with F2F with the doctor. I'm really happy with my recent visit.

Author: Michaela Hall
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP surgery ever. My boyfriend went in for help with mental health, and was brushed off completely. My boyfriend was open and honest about his current situation mentally, making it hard for him to work, and the doctor told him it’s all in his head and that he just needs to work to feel better. My boyfriend had to practically beg to get his anti depressants upped as this was an appointment to review his current anti depressant, suggested by his therapist! DISGUSTING surgery. STAY AWAY! Update - Name of the Doctor he saw was Dr Kurukgy.

Author: Stan Minchev
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr John Bennet, extremely unprofessional as I was asking for a permanent solution for a skin treatment and after mentioning what I am currently taking he just repeated himself and HANGED UP as he was not interested in helping patients … Disgraceful treatment of the people who actually are paying these doctors salaries!!!! NHS is a disgrace ridiculous and useless… Some third world countries have better healthcare than UK!

Author: Naila Rasheed
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor patient care. Definitely I will report that to NHS. Visited today and I don't know Is there any specific rule to be rude with patients to get growth. Definitely I'll leave this surgery.
