Practice: EVERGREEN OAK SURGERY
Canonical code: J81086
Postcode: BH14 0HU
Google Maps title: Evergreen Oak Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Evergreen+Oak+Surgery/@50.7237325,-1.9599026,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873a6caec470f3f:0x81407b400e4ac199!8m2!3d50.7237291!4d-1.9573223!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfk_nqy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81086-evergreen-oak-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: william kimmet
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Not very helpful doctors they don’t understand you and treat you like a second class citizen because your on benefits

Author: Lisa Fox
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't praise this practice enough!... every one is so caring, kind and empathetic. I've been with this surgery for a number of years now and intend to stay!.. always able to see a dr, the reception team are extremely helpful. I cannot understand anyone who has a bad thing said is a complete numpty in my opinion.

Author: Natalie D
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic practice from start to finish. I had a quick, easy registration; every call handler and receptionist I've spoken to have been nothing but friendly and helpful, and the GPs have all been kind, patient and thorough. I know others who are registered here with good experiences too. I'm really impressed with this surgery in the short time I've been registered and would highly recommend.

Author: A M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm not a patient at this practice but I attended with a friend this week. Whilst sitting in the waiting room I couldn't help but be impressed by the receptionist. Smiling, happy, helpful and well presented. I wish she could teach other doctors receptionists how to provide a good patient journey. Unfortunately, I also witnessed a patient who was late for her appointment and was not able to be seen. The receptionist apologised and was very quick to try and make another appointment. Unfortunately the unhappy patient stormed out but her husband came back to unpleasantly voice his opinion. The receptionist really wanted to help but the patient and husband denied this to happen. Despite the patient not apologising for being late and taking responsibility, the receptionist stayed polite and calm. Just doing her best. I was incredibly impressed with her professionalism. Well done!

Author: jillian tarrant
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
This practice is excellent and the Doctors are all really good and the staff are lovely kind and helpful! I have been at the practice for 40 years and have had nothing but praise for them and would definitely recommend them whole heartedly. But whoever thought up the idea of only being able to book a routine appointment on a Monday morning exactly the time people are phoning for an urgent appointment ( adding to queue of 20 ) and then you are only offered an appointment 4 or more weeks ahead if you wish to see a permanent Doctor, really does not understand patients needs! Also why is the econsult not available?

Author: Ayva Vama
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ayva Vama3 reviews8 months ago

Author: Ryan Spicer
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been a patient at Evergreen Oak Surgery for most of my life, and unfortunately, my experience hasn’t been great—especially over the last 5 years as I’ve gone back and forth with no progress on the chronic pain in my legs. What prompted me to leave this review is my recent experience with Dr. Zaw, a relatively new doctor at the practice. I’ve seen her twice now. The first time, I found her rude and quite patronising, but I gave her the benefit of the doubt. However, my second appointment was honestly shocking. Dr. Zaw showed zero interest in listening to me. She hadn’t read my notes, didn’t understand my history, and barely let me speak. It felt like she was more focused on getting me out the door than actually helping me. To make matters worse, she mumbled something under her breath as I was leaving the room, which I found completely unprofessional and disrespectful. As a long-time patient, this kind of treatment is really disheartening. Patients deserve to be heard and treated with care, not dismissed and spoken down to. I hope Evergreen Oak Surgery takes this kind of feedback seriously because the quality of care should be far better than this.

Author: Alison
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
AlisonLocal Guide · 94 reviews · 28 photos10 months ago

Author: Daniel Hicks
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Took me 5 minutes to drive there and the appointment lasted 4 minutes. Waste of my time

Author: First Second
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
First Second3 reviewsEdited 10 months ago
