Practice: KINSON ROAD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: J81045
Postcode: BH10 5EY
Google Maps title: Kinson Road Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kinson+Road+Medical+Centre/@50.7681204,-1.9039298,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873a237d12bce2d:0x7740e169b055f8db!8m2!3d50.768117!4d-1.9013495!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tt0ql64?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81045-kinson-road-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dr Gordon
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Catastrophically bad. 1) In 2022, I developed a whole-body rash. The GP responded, "Oh, gosh, I've never seen a rash like that before," and proceeded to try to identify the rash via a Google image search, and sent me home. Less than 24 hours later I was taken by ambulance to Poole Hospital, and ended up in the Acute Medical Unit. 2) In 2024, I had some blood samples taken. I was left with massive bruising, and in agony, was unable to use my right-arm for a week. The GP responded, "have you tried a bag of frozen peas to reduce the pain?" 3) I suffered an allergic reaction to penicillin-type antibiotics in 2022. I asked the practice to add this to my medical record. They refused, even after I wrote to them with this request. The GP I then spoke to said that such antibiotics are too useful to warrant logging the fact that I am allergic to them. 4). In 2025, I fell down stairs, and belatedly had an x-ray. I cannot elicit from the surgery the result of the x-ray to see if I have a broken bone. I waited all morning for a phone-call, missed it, and was then given another morning slot weeks in advance. In summary, this is a surgery which is potentially lethally incompetent. There needs to be an independent investigation into its management and finances.

Author: aaron longman
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
aaron longman4 reviewsa month ago

Author: Nikita Van Blerk
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
3 days of attempting to get a prescription I have previously had from the hospital in December due to pain. Currently 8 months pregnant and getting little to no sleep due to the pain, they have seen on my records that I’ve been prescribed this before and the receptionist insisted on a face to face, I went to this and was left waiting round for nearly 25 minutes to which I had to leave as it was late and I had my young daughter with me. Patients are expected to be on time but don’t get the same courtesy back. I then asked for a phone call appointment the following day, receptionist did give me a call and I said I don’t feel this warrants a face to face appointment which someone else might actually need. She put a task forward for the doctor, went the whole morning and heard nothing so followed up with a call. I was told they are dealing with the tasks in the afternoon and I will reviewed a call. No call was received so once again I am following up to be told today the doctor made the decision that he won’t be prescribing this and I need to go to the maternity triage or hospital for this again. The NHS are under all this strain, you try and follow ways to avoid putting the hospital under more pressure and the GPs immediately want to send you there. Midwives are unable to prescribe and my midwife is just as confused as to why the doctor is refusing knowing they can see I’ve had it in the past. 3 days of asking, no actual result and incredibly poor service.

Author: Ann-marie Tyrrell
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ann-marie TyrrellLocal Guide · 191 reviews · 11 photos2 months ago

Author: Natasha Buckland
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family Doctors. Absolutely amazing. Dr Doust is going above and beyond for my health needs. Dr Brewer had been amazing with my son. Same day appointments. I cant wish for a better Dr surgery. Only issue id say is, requesting a summary, im a bit confused why its different to a past one, and not everything is on there. Still No.1 Doctor surgery

Author: Hayley Parker
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
20/11/25 So this week been testing health wise . Respiratory infection. And other stuff . Dr doust has gone above and beyond to ensure I'm receiving the best treatment to make me better . His bedside manner is warm and caring. Loraine the receptionist is helpful always and supported me on Tuesday My scans have already been arranged and they have ensured my appointments have been the same day . You're all amazing and work so efficiently Thank you for everything you do it's very much appreciated This last year half has been tough Physiologically with my health. The centre has been proactive in sending me for tests and referral. Dr Bechka in particular made me feel heard by saying I'm on your side as I felt dismissed by a health professional . Proactive and listened Dr Hami was Amazing last Friday after I passed out sending me to A/E she cared Dr Tundy is thorough and proactive in my care . All have done the upmost to get to the bottom of my issues Thank you to the receptionists who work really hard

Author: John Williams
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've had such horrible experiences going here I genuinely think I may just give up on seeing gp's, I started birth control not too long ago to help manage my periods which are extremely painful and genuinely make living unbearable every month, I had 2 really bad pills and then settled on a third one which worked great but I started getting migraines so I booked a doctors appointment hoping to be prescribed some sort of medication for it ect However I was told I can't take it anymore because it makes me at risk of a stroke which I immediately thought was strange since my mother has been on birth control for years and she's been getting migraines since she was in her twenties so after my appointment I further looked into it myself and no joke EVERY SINGLE website says that you can take the combined pill if you get migraines you just can't if you have migraines with an aura because then you're at risk of a stroke, I do NOT get migraines with an aura So I called back saying this but clearly every single website is somehow wrong and I am still being refused the combined pill without any further explanation as to why, I feel so unheard and I'm extremely upset that I've just been left with nothing, I'm mentally ill and all this stress is severely impacting me but of course they don't care about that at all i feel really hurt by all this and wish I had just never gone to the doctors about this because it would have saved me from all this upset, I just want to be listened to but everything I say gets completely ignored

Author: Darren Stopler
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff and service has been amazing. Always smiling and professional. Can't fault them 🫡 …

Author: Keith ward
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Put the old website back, this new NHS app doesn't work and I don't do IT

Author: Big N Daily
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Answer the phone
