Practice: WEST MOORS VILLAGE SURGERY
Canonical code: J81022
Postcode: BH22 0JB
Google Maps title: West Moors Village Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Moors+Village+Surgery/@50.825315,-1.8920335,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873a2b5e1c360e3:0xada77e60c71d6e14!8m2!3d50.8253116!4d-1.8894532!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td5qqq9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81022-west-moors-village-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Brockie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
No issues until recently cant get an appointment at all when emergency is there and when I’ve managed to get one been made to feel like I’ve put the surgery out in some way and I was made to cry because I was before being given a appointment made to feel that I wasn’t able to get treatment at all even though I had been told to get to my GP straight away if it was noticeably Getting worse and i should be able to be seen today/tommorrow latest but that wasn't even an option i was just made to feel like I was being silly being visibly in need even though thats bit the case the pictures ive took keeping an eye on the growths shows it’s very much visible and needs attention that at this moment in time i could only get straight away from my GP like I was informed already no one should be refused care even if it cant be done that day it could be done the next day but wasn’t possible until i was pushed made to feel so stupid worrying about my health that I broke and I only feel through embarrassment because I told the truth did anything why sorted as I was clearly refused to be seen at all before hand but no patient should ever be made to feel bad because they’re visibly ill and shouldnt be made to feel like a doctor’s surgery has been put out by seeing someone with noticeable issues that needs seeing
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
We don't comment on individual patient circumstances through this forum, but patients with individual concerns can contact us with comments and suggestions through our website using this link>> https://wmgp.org.uk/feedback--complaints

Author: Leigh Smith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful Peactice, ive had no medication for over 2 weeks because I can't even book a phone appointment, always full. Ive significant spinal and mental problems, disabled. Been left to live in chronic pain for weeks ! Ive just changed surgery after Mondays let down was the final straw
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Your feedback has been passed to our Practice management team who take all feedback seriously. We don't comment on individual patient circumstances through this forum, but patients with individual concerns can contact us with comments and suggestions through our website using this link>> https://wmgp.org.uk/feedback--complaints

Author: Bernard Fane
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bernard FaneLocal Guide · 15 reviews4 months ago

Author: andy beard
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In short they have serious shortcomings. At best it took them 3 years to correctly update my contact telephone number, at worst they did not give my 10 year old the care she deserved and sat on a care plan ( for head trauma) for 5 weeks & only acted after she passed out and had a suspected fit. Also data sharing within the practice is a joke. Also just blocked me booking a self funded CT scan for my daughter (as patronizingly think I'm over reacting) even though red flags are waving for the symptom's the hospital told me to look out for. Not fit to practice in my opinion. Strong but true words. WMGP- with respect please don't respond, I'm too busy trying to find a GP that can manage care of it's minors in it's community. Sent with best intentions to the people of West Moors.

Author: Peter Collins
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service, went on holiday wife forgot her medication. Phoned surgery in the morning gave them local chemist details of where we were staying. Same day prescription sent and medication collected.

Author: Mark Roberts
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Although this is no longer the location of this most amazing surgery (it's just across the road) the service I experienced, was incredible. Having almost lost hope for any help at all, the staff here were nothing less than phenomenal. Thank you for the help you gave me and my partner. ❤️
Practice response date: 8 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share your experience. We’re glad we were able to provide the care and support you needed. Knowing our team was able to make a real difference during a difficult time is incredibly rewarding. Thank you for pointing out the anomaly of Google Maps location, which appears to be a legacy of our previous surgery location at Heathlands House. We’ve been in touch with Google, and and have requested a correction to their Maps – thank you. Wishing you and your partner continued health and healing, and thank you again for trusting us.

Author: K H
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Reading the 5 star review below feels like a joke after my recent experience at this surgery. Service is not 5 stars. Poor communication between some reception staff and patients. I wasn’t informed properly about a change of doctor to my appointment. This left me mentally unprepared for the situation and upset. Praise is due however to the nursing staff who were very helpful with me when I needed a vaccination appointment. I hope that my next experience here is a better one and situations improve.

Author: Karl
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
“Amazing” I’ve been with this surgery for some time. Since the move to the new premises there’s a whole new team! So probably best to ignore some of the previous deserved (for the old team) reviews as no longer relevant. NOW, you’re always greeted with a smile from reception even when clearly very busy and a kind word on the phone. I’ve seen 3 of the doctors recently and they’ve all been very nice and very thorough!! Nothing is too much trouble and they’ve managed to fit me in with a current infection on the same day. It’s run as you’d expect at a private doctor’s without the bill!! There’s a real energy about the team wanting to find ways to make you well again quickly and not keep you waiting for a month to see a doctor! Absolutely faultless!! Thanks Karl
Practice response date: 9 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you very much for the 5-star review. We’re genuinely grateful you’ve taken the time to share your positive experience with us. Your kind words about our reception staff and clinicians are truly appreciated—we work extremely hard to provide a welcoming, responsive, and professional service to all our patients. We are always looking at ways to improve patient access to our services, so it’s especially encouraging to know that you’ve been able to get the care you need quickly and thoroughly. Thank you once again for your support and recommendation. We look forward to continuing to provide you with the highest standard of care here at West Moors Village Surgery.

Author: Ray Smith
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
awful gp surgery. went for a multitude of reasons (most being very clear symptoms of what i eventually was diagnosed with). was given an emergency appointment, waited in the empty surgery for an hour for 2 medical students (i dont blame them) to be directed to tell me i had a bruised rib despite having worsening pain for over 5 months. prescribed me naproxen. went back a week later and asked for a different doctor, she sat me down and put her face about 5 inches from mine while telling me in the most condescending voice ive ever heard, “ive had a look at your medical record, and it seems you had quite a rough year last year, do you think this might be emotional pain manifesting as physical?” i struggle with eye contact especially when in a medical setting due to my previous medical trauma (which she supposedly read about) and she kept shoving her face into my eyeline and saying “can you look at me so i know you’re listening please” like i was 5. i demanded tests and argued with her for maybe 15 minutes before she eventually said she’ll do a blood test to “calm my anxiety”. she said “if theres anything wrong, which there won’t be, you’ll get a call in a couple of days, which you won’t because theres nothing wrong.” they called back the same afternoon and sent me for a ct scan first thing in the morning in bournemouth hospital. i actually had stage 2b hodgkins lymphoma (CANCER) and a significant amount of it compressing my lungs, causing my level of sickness, and i literally presented with every single textbook sign and symptom. every time i receive a prescription from cmht or even from the gp themselves, i have to phone back and forth between the pharmacy and gp about 5 times a day because for some reason it never transfers apparently. they’ve also “lost” my emergency prescription requests on multiple occasions. unfortunately, as much as id like to make a complaint, i actually cant, because despite months of fighting and hours of phone calls and identity verification they still will not provide me my gp record. funny that. if you’re a young person or have any mental health history, do NOT go to this surgery. it’s a good job im stubborn and don’t take no for an answer because i would’ve died.

Author: Anita Wareham
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My father who is 80 and paralysed has weekly blood tests because he is on blood thinners. The test came back yesterday to say he was so anaemic, so the surgery have been contacted and we asked why my dad hadn't been contacted by the surgery. Receptionist said because iron tablets are not going to work he needs a transfusion. Bearing in mind it's now Friday late afternoon there was not going to be any contact made to hom until Monday. The Receptionist said for us to call 111 as they will soon be closing. In the meantime my dad is weak sleeping all the time whilst caring for my mum who has a broken femur. If anything happens to my dad I hold westmoors surgery fully responsible.
