Practice: STOUR SURGERY
Canonical code: J81066
Postcode: BH23 1PA
Google Maps title: Stour Surgery
Google rating: 4.2
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stour+Surgery/@50.7363603,-1.7865278,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48739eba2c30f1ed:0xb3fe37a058f4732a!8m2!3d50.7363569!4d-1.7839475!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v8h_x35?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81066-stour-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marie Sheldrake
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
For 30 years this was the best surgery ever , within a year it is now just like all the other surgeries , can’t get an appointment same day , have to wait weeks just for a callback from your own doctor ( if your lucky enough to even be able to speak to your own doctor) the staff there are just as lovely as always but the system is a shambles , if the other practices weren’t just as bad I’d go elsewhere

Author: Ivan Pearce
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
To say that I am disgusted with the response that I have just received would only be a polite way of making my comment. I have the utmost respect for Dr Wilson, with whom I have received the best attention. However over the last few days I have to say that my treatment has been abysmal. I need a blood test urgently as I am close to the end of my current supply of enzalutamide. I requested a blood test at the Stour surgery but got turned down. The last blood test I had at the surgery failed to register the PSA rating, which for me is the most important item as I have prostate cancer. So now I ask for an urgent blood test and told that it can't be done. To say that I am disgusted with the response I have received would be putting it mildly.

Author: Lulu H (Lulu)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a relatively new patient at Stour surgery I continue to experience excellent service across the team. I recently got a GP appointment on a Sunday which was so helpful!! Thank you for being innovative and keep doing what you do.

Author: Tracy Lumley-Herbst
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
I have just changed surgeries. Apart from miscommunication problems. I am have been fortunate to speak to a Dr twice. I understand that the world is advancing with new technology. Personally until all communications systems are linked and accessed by all. Things will not improve. Where is the human factor. AI sorry I am not a robot and hopefully never will be. Tick boxes, algorithms and pathways etc for guidance. All very frustrating.

Author: Maria Ward
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I cant give Zero star... Therefore, 1 star is bit overrated ...

Author: Peter Quinn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang Highcliffe surgery another 1 star doctors surgery not fit for service for a 5 year old suspected chest infection, highcliffe tell me they have no appointments so travel to Stour Surgery for my first ever visit. Arrived at the Stour Surgery walked in with my 5 year old signed in and sat down for 10 minutes then we were called but not to be taken in for my child's appointment but to tell us the clinician hasn't turned up or gone home? Told to go back to Highcliffe where they have no appointments to make another appointment. Brilliant NHS service and care as usual.

Author: Brogan McCormack
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Wilsons disgustingly rude speaking demeanour to my brother who is autistic and has severe mental health issues was astounding. She should be struck off!

Author: Jess
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's the worse doctors in the world, they mis diagnosed me loads of times of the 4 years, but now I'm really angry that after I sent my son there with a cough, congestion sinuses and a rash, they didn't prescribe him anything at all, he's still itching all night (two days later).

Author: Pam Queripel
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t fault Stour Surgery at all. Very well organised and friendly staff. Always helpful and go above and beyond. I would like to thank Dr Murray for always listening to me and helping me. I am truly grateful.

Author: sally barton
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We were so very far from home when my husband got sick. The staff at Stour surgery went above and beyond for us. I could not fault them. All in reception and both doctors we had contact with were so kind and helpful.
