Practice: ROYAL MANOR HEALTH CARE
Canonical code: J81009
Postcode: DT5 2BJ
Google Maps title: Royal Manor Health care
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Royal+Manor+Health+care/@50.5439888,-2.4399295,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4872f0939749e961:0x3f25de1023255d1c!4m8!3m7!1s0x4872f093976e5e6d:0x1fb427c9a946d0fb!8m2!3d50.5439854!4d-2.4373492!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0xlc8b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81009-royal-manor-health-care.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Neil
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
My experience with this surgery is very good. Reception staff are very polite. Doctors and nurses brilliant. So well done. My only gripe was when I went for my flu jab. Joined a very long queue and when finally seen. The woman on the computer was extremely rude and incompetent. I won't be having my jabs done here again. I like to be treated like a human not a vermin. So lost a star for that.

Author: Ali Lewis
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give a minus rating I would. Good luck getting past the receptionist to actually speak or see a medical professional. Every time I need help with something I am palmed off. Useless. A year on update: still the most appalling surgery I've ever been at. If I could move surgeries I would. After a trip to a+e and some scans done I was told to see my GP. Thankfully I got an appointment without having to fight reception staff this time, but when I saw the doctor.... He was rude, arrogant, and looked at me like I'd said the sky was purple just for asking questions. Getting information was like getting blood from a stone. I ended up googling things just for some answers that didn't come with a side of disdain. If you don't like people, don't become a doctor.

Author: Hug Dealer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very difficult to get an appointment on the day or close. I much respect 🙏 and love for the staff. It can't be easy dealing so many people. The doctors arw genuinely good and nurse practitioners are excellent and listen to you. I feel frustrated having to share my personal information with the receptionist ( not there fault). Also every in the surgery can here, definitely not confidential. Most time when I get seen from 1 week to 6 weeks to get appointment. Quicker to ring 111, they get you appointment or phone call Quicker than the surgery.

Author: Amanda BuchananMunro
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am lucky that I do not have any health issues but took advantage of the health check some months ago - quick and simple - staff were lovely - going back tomorrow for a follow up blood test, simple to arrange. The Saturday flu jab experience was great - no queuing and very kind and cheerful staff. From my experience I can't fault the surgery.

Author: Paul Carter-Green
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Where do I start? Appalling service. Extremely unhelpful and obstructive reception staff. Why should I tell them personal information when that should be between me and my doctor? Rude is too small a word. Incompetent is a much better fit. Recently spent my pension pot on surgery, thus saving them a fortune on 10 medications each day but do you get any help from them? NO! They even ignored a letter from the Professor who did my surgery requesting a medication review 7 days after my surgery. My partner called them to arrange an appointment which they refused. I walked in days after my surgery to request an appointment and was refused. I also hand delivered the discharge letter from my surgeon and they have denied it exists despite it being found in my medical notes (and ignored). In the last few months, I have asked to see a doctor on 4 occasions due to ear infections. Twice I was fobbed off with a nurse, once with a physician associate and once with a paramedic! What are the DOCTORS actually doing? Can’t give zero score unfortunately. We are outside any other surgeries catchment area so we are owned by Royal Manor. God help us all

Author: Bea Cuase
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Bea CuaseLocal Guide · 58 reviews · 14 photos9 months ago

Author: Nicola
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Getting very hard to see Dr

Author: Sarah Thoumine
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get an appointment or even speak to Dr . It’s getting worse there.

Author: J Sherriff (RLC)
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling service to be honest. I've been waiting over a month for a piece of kit to arrive, when in that time I was supposed to "receive a text or call within 2 weeks" to alert me it's here. 5 follow up phone calls later and one in house visit and I'm no further along. Also, being closed when it states "open" online is a joke. If it says open, it should be open.

Author: Karen Gardner
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would just like to say that I had a very quick response to and E- consult that I did yesterday morning and two hours later I was having a first rate medical appointment with the Nurse Practitioner at Portland Hospital, who was absolutely marvellous, very professional and performed a thorough check up, which I did not expect. Thank you so much, I felt heard and cared for.
