Practice: CHRISTCHURCH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: J81056
Postcode: BH23 3AF
Google Maps title: Christchurch Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 105
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Christchurch+Medical+Practice/@50.7364234,-1.7631741,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48739c1b777a13f3:0x2ab3bbfb270d19ea!8m2!3d50.73642!4d-1.7605938!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hd_7kcnq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81056-christchurch-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marie Jones
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
No empathy or compassion or duty of care anymore 😔 …

Author: Franco Schettino
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Me against dr nicholas jones at Christchurch medical practice Bournemouth. Hi im taking the surgery and dr nicholas jones to court for clinical negligence case in over prescribing several dangerous drugs and hiding documents, no reviews, follow ups or care plans. Hiding documents since I made a complaint to nhs resolution, refusing treatment since, asthma turned to copd with late and misdiagnosis when I asked for help to begin with, serious damage to mental health and physical health, need professional help to get my life back. Medication hasnt followed the nhs safer prescribing guidelines, toxic combination by not following the gp bnf guidelines. The general medical council has had a recent report and there guidelines have been severely disregarded. Specialist advice from hospital specialist and other services like cmht have all commented to the gp stating this is palative care medication why is he on it. No answer Ive got a voice recordings of me even asking the gp dr nicholas jones in mention these questions and i get ignored, then lied in my notes. But ive got the recordings of the consultations that proof that he is lying. Denying they have important files and not disclose them to me under the gdpr and foia but I have photographic proof they did have it when I saw it on a nurses screen but denying many times over email, criminal offence. This has caused toxicity in my blood and major health problems and not interested in helping resolve the matter. This is a Partner in the surgery. Disgusting

Author: Sophie Burrows
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Medical negligence at it's finest. My daughter has had a chesty cough for over 2 weeks. She is not her normal self like i explained on the phone. I'm certain she needs antibiotics, I'm told she can get appointment in a weeks time. So my child is expected to suffer for another week? Absolutely disgusting. Changing doctors after this. NO CHILD SHOULD BE LEFT TO SUFFER.

Author: Chris Rickard-Saggs
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is next to useless. The staff are rude and inconsistent in the way queries are delt with ...if at all. Marie Geary the practice manager should be thoroughly embarrassed by the service that they manage. I can't wait for AI to take over the running of this surgery. Can't be any worse than it is. AI is surely better than none.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Mr Rickard-Saggs, We’re very sorry to hear that you’ve had such a frustrating experience, and we completely understand how upsetting it can be when things don’t go as expected. We always aim to provide a helpful and respectful service, and it’s disappointing to learn that this hasn’t been your impression. We would really appreciate the opportunity to look into what happened and see how we can improve. Please do contact our Practice Manager so we can discuss your concerns in more detail and work towards a resolution. Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. Kind regards, Christchurch Medical Practice

Author: Kathryn D
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful assistance and rudeness from the receptionist, saying ‘obviously’ to many of her answers to my questions. Maybe those answers are obvious to her but they were definitely not obvious to us. I don’t understand why somebody who works in the industry can be so unhelpful and rude when dealing with older people. The tone and arrogance is simply unnecessary. Practice overall good and some receptionists are lovely but there is definitely one lady who is awfully rude and difficult. Such a shame.

Author: Jane Flanagan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Hello Jane On behalf of my late mother Shirley RIP My father Paul Dufton I just want to say on their behalf that I was very reassured by their care while patient s at the Christchurch medical practice including Burton and Bransgore The receptionist The nurses The Gp s Under hard enough circumstances Everyone made a great effort to assist my parents and myself as their care provider for several months/yrs and for that I am truly grateful. Thank you Kind regards Jane Flanagan nee Dufton

Author: Honeyrowing
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Im giving 2 stars to this medical practice and that is only because 1 is basically 0. Avoid this practice like the plague. They are the most unorganised surgery I've ever had dealings with. I have to take regular medication that needs to be renewed every 10 days and even though I make sure my repeat prescription is in on time every time it still isn't done on time and I have to go in to the surgery and get the receptionist to chase the doctors up and get it done. This has a domino effect then with holding people up that are coming in after me as their is only ever 1 receptionist and she is now chasing my script up and more work put on rowlands pharmacy to get it done same day. I really would not mind so much if it was a few times but it happens every single time like clock work and when it falls on a Saturday like today it just isn't their and nothing I can do till Monday now. So I'm without all weekend again and have to go back in to reception on Monday morning 😡 it's soo annoying, time is the one thing no one can give me back and I cannot stand people waisting mine. They just shut two other surgery's, WHY ?? I don't know but keep some mem ears of staff on and have a second receptionist and get people's scripts done on time. I constantly see other people going in and complaing about the same thing so it's odviously a problem they are aware of.

Author: Yvette Cooke
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
if I could leave a zero star rating, I would I think this practice is one of the worst practices I have ever come across if I could move I would with a drop of a hat If you can manage to get past the reception staff that’s a massive if it doesn’t matter if you’re dying out on the street or full of depression you won’t get past them and you’ll be told to call back when there’s space. How do you know when that is ! they don’t actually understand the full meaning of anything anybody is telling them and if you do happen to be able to get an appointment which is a miracle in itself then the actual next stage is no more caring than the first one these people don’t care about patients. I have no idea why they’re even doing this for profession because it’s certainly not for compassion. I can’t go into detail but over the last four months both my husband and my mother have needed urgent care they might just as well have just died that night for all the help that they got from this surgery Shocking

Author: Lynne Park
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
In the past I have not been too happy with the Surgery. Over the past months I have had several appointments, and I cannot praise the Surgery enough. I was well looked after, and listened too. Dr. Ball was extremely kind and understanding, and very thorough. I'm now hopeful now it will be a step in the right direction. In the meantime thank you.

Author: Elisia Harris
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I changed over to this surgery and I wish I never did!! There has been issues with my app since I moved over. I can't see any of my information apart from my daughter's. They have messed mine and my daughter's repeat prescriptions up. The appointment times are ridiculous. And apparently I'm not allowed to access my personal record and I need to speak to a doctor to discuss this!!!!! Even though I've always been able to view my medical record and information online! Absolutely disgraceful I will be changing back over
