Practice: THE ROSEMARY HEALTH CTR
Canonical code: J81036
Postcode: BH12 3HF
Google Maps title: Rosemary Medical Centre Poole
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 87
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rosemary+Medical+Centre+Poole/@50.7399412,-1.9493016,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873a150e74027a1:0x6f2b15ef528b3d6d!8m2!3d50.7399378!4d-1.9467213!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wk7q9rd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81036-the-rosemary-health-ctr.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Christine O'Driscoll
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful receptionist. After calling 111 regarding my 11 month old baby they advised I will need to get seen within 6 hours by my GP. I cautioned that I’d had trouble calling them before as they are adamant requests must go via the online portal. 111 assured me this would not be the case as they have already completed the triage and have a duty of care to have him seen today. I called and after listening to a 10 minute automated messaged about the online portal I got through to reception. I may as well have gotten through to another automated messaged. The women I spoke to would not let me complete a single sentence without cutting me off to speak over me and direct me online. Each time I patiently waited for her to finish her sentence. I would then try again and experience the same thing. After she finished speaking I tried a different tack I asked ‘is it ok if I express why I’m concerned to you?’ She said yes so I started again trying to explain that the website says requests are dealt with same day but a day is longer than 6 hours and I’m worried about my baby’ I got as far as the ‘the website says’ before I got cut off again. Frustrated I spoke over her saying ‘I’m sorry there seems to be a fault on the line I keep trying to speak and you keep coming in over me’ to this she replied sorry but you need to visit the website. I ended saying ‘I’m sorry this must be really true for you because you think you know what I’m going to say and you don’t feel like you have the time to listen to me, you must speak to people like me all the time, I actually don’t speak to people like you all the time so I don’t know that you already know what I’m going to say to me it just feels like your interrupting instead of listening and trying to help. I actually think this entire phone call would have been shorter if you would just listen to me fully the first time. I’ve gone to the website. Naturally I don’t have login details and it asks me to phone reception. My partner does this and ‘due to the high nature of calls they are unable to take our call. - line goes dead. Brilliant I guess I’ll go add to the backlog of people waiting in A&E. Because I can’t get through to my doctor Oh and by the way the kicker is whilst interrupting me she told me she could see plenty of appointments so I’ll be able to have one as soon as someone reviews my online form. Terrible service being spoken to my condescending woman with ZERO empathy or interest in actually helping people. I hope the doctors at this surgery - whom I think have always been amazing review these reviews and train some basic soft skills and respect.

Author: Sophie
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
After waiting 2 minutes for the automated message on the phone to end, the receptionist told me I had to go online to make the booking and that she would send me a link to the website... she gave me a link to get an immunisation appointment (which I did not ask for, as I called up for mental health reasons???), went online to make an appointment and it is "not taking on new requests". I think I will suffer in silence next time.

Author: Annie Hayhoe
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm so disappointed with this surgery I've been in pain with a swollen knee and struggling to put weight on my leg I rang this morning at 8am told the doctor would ring me back no call back but a message to say I can have a face to face call on the 12th of March so have to be in pain for another 16 days they have left me no alternative but to go to A&E which I don't want to as they have enough to do and more serious cases to deal with I think im going to have to look at changing

Author: Teresa Foszcz
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
"I would like to sincerely thank Dr Goddard for the caring and patient support during my visits. Thanks to your explanations and guidance, I felt really calm and well looked after. I also want to thank the staff at reception, who were always kind, helpful, and quick to answer my calls. It means a lot to me."

Author: Ozan Celik
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unprofessional and disrespectful. My partner was kept waiting past her appointment time while the nurse was not attending patients. When she politely asked reception how long the wait would be, the nurse responded with a hostile attitude, questioned why the appointment had been made, and then refused to carry out the blood test and asked her to leave. The issue was escalated to management, however the manager repeatedly interrupted, incorrectly accused my partner of shouting (she remained calm), and showed no interest in listening or resolving the situation. I witnessed the entire interaction. Time off work was wasted, additional staff had to be paid to cover my role, and this appointment had already been cancelled once previously by the practice. Due to the seriousness of the conduct displayed, this matter has now been formally escalated and legal action is being pursued. The lack of professionalism, accountability, and basic patient care shown here is deeply concerning and should not be accepted in any medical setting.

Author: Jenny
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
It would be nice if the Receptionists upon arriving at the Surgery greeted you as a Patient with a FRIENDLY WELCOMING SMILE instead they almost seem hostile towards you. They're the first point of Call and so little FRIENDLY greeting Goes a Long way to help make you feel relaxed before seeing the Doctor,

Author: Sowophie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Only reason I'm giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because they used to be good. Wait times are low, most staff are kind and helpful. But recently they moved to online exclusively: no booking appointments via phone, and you can't even book an appointment at the front desk within the GP itself. You have to go through their website which is misleading and confusing (as a tech-literate 25-year-old) and suddenly I can't even order my medication on the NHS app, which I've used to reorder this particular medication for years. Reception staff are also rude and hard to understand over the phone, as well as having long phone wait times despite the new system, mostly likely due to understaffing as I always seem to speak to the same person. Extremely disappointing fall from grace, I will be looking for a new GP.

Author: Neil Potts
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best surgery I’ve had friendly staff , hardly ever wait for an appointment always get an early appointment when I need it👍 …

Author: ly Ho Thi Yen
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not good service, the staff is poor

Author: Can Yetim
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately, the reception staff at Rosemary Medical Centre are very rude and unhelpful. They speak to patients with an attitude and make you feel unwelcome when you’re just trying to get medical help. It’s disappointing because the doctors are good, but the reception service really needs improvement.
