Practice: JAMES FISHER MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: J81047
Postcode: BH9 3LQ
Google Maps title: James Fisher Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 105
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/James+Fisher+Medical+Centre/@50.7608407,-1.8637823,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487398a70a0502d9:0x82d0bbcef264758f!8m2!3d50.7608373!4d-1.861202!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tlzzmvh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81047-james-fisher-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A G
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always have looked after us. Continue care, and understanding. Appointments available as needed. Nurses and Doctors really kind and helpful have looked after us for over 15 years. The reception and office always helpful and efficient.

Author: Marc
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Marc4 reviews2 months ago

Author: Wendy Lapworth
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved back here to look after my elderly step sister in 2017. She was registered with James Fisher medical centre and was extremely happy with how they looked after her, so I was happy to register myself too. I was fortunate enough to get to know some of the doctors that visited the house. They were wonderful to her. I had an ongoing health issue which needed monitoring. I was blown away by the fantastic reception team, my first time meeting them. That has never changed, they care so much that has never faltered after all these years. I was taken ill and ended up in lCU fighting for my life. I did go to the doctors first by taxi and virtually collapsed in the car park. The whole reception team ran out to help me. A huge personal thank you to Jo. Moving on, problems with my heart have developed. When phoning reception saying l don't feel well can l book a call the reply is no, you need to see a doctor, then the doctor treats me or l get admittedl to hospital. This has happened 3 or 4 times all through the observations of that wonderful reception team. I would like to add, a new neighbour moved in 3 months ago and asked about doctors. I told him about James Fisher. He said he had 2 others and would visit all as he would know by the feel of the welcome. He chose James Fisher saying, " I walked in and was made to feel so welcome, no brainer".The nurses are fantastic too, yearly check ups, jabs, bloods, tests. I would like to say a special thank you to Doctor Dick, who takes all the time in the world to listen to me, never interrupting he works out the options to try to help me, I never feel rushed. That helps so much when you feel vulnerable. Thanking all af the other Doctors that have looked after me and responded to calling an ambulance when needed. I feel so very fortunate to be looked after by such a professional and caring practice. Thank you all from the bottom of my heart. Wishing you all a Happy Christmas and a wonderful New year for 2026.

Author: patrick wynn
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
patrick wynn4 months ago

Author: June Woods
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
June Woods1 review5 months ago

Author: kathy blake
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was seen by a locum Dr Viera , she was really helpful and explained my symptoms very clearly and thoroughly looked through my case. The surgery triage patients well.

Author: Maggie Floyd
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Last three times I attended the practice I have not been seen by a qualified GP. I do not know what Dr I am registered with. I have had a wrong diagnosis and anti biotics that were luckily quiered by the pharmacist as they should NOT have been given to.me with my current medication. Doctors and nurses are good but I do NOT want to a guinea-pig for unqualified med students.

Author: Sarah Garnett
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I registered her back in jan this year and have nothing but problems with this surgery. The first was that I wasn’t registered properly there for over 7 months which ment I couldn’t order any of my repeats without calling in. To which the recpetion assure me they would get it sorted out it went till I spoke to one helpful lady who found out that I have been registered as a temporary patient. That was rectified but still had issues with ordering my medications. I raised this with them they said they would sort it, instead they removed everything from me repeats and have only just been able to start ordering things again. But I have things on there that I’ve never had on repeat and repeats that haven’t been put back on for me, I have raised this issue multiple times and feel like it end of deaf ear or they just have a complete lack of care Needless to say I have left and joined my husband surgery instead coz I know how good they are It’s a shame really coz it use to be a really good surgery

Author: Clair Thompson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wonderful Surgery 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 …

Author: darren billett
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Bad appointment system , good luck if you have little or no internet . Appalling. Theres literally a receptionist sat there , tried twice gave up 👍 make things harder to access so they give up . People arent stupid …
