Practice: SANDFORD SURGERY
Canonical code: J81631
Postcode: BH20 7BQ
Google Maps title: Sandford Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 11
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sandford+Surgery/@50.707248,-2.0978416,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873a8fdd5b1233f:0x6d146d7de01c6cb2!8m2!3d50.7072446!4d-2.0952613!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hn5_m5p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J81631-sandford-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Brian Bailey
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Small yet busy practice serving the local community well. Left this surgery over three years ago following a procession of poor experiences for myself and wife. We were not frequent users but what we did experience was unacceptable.

Author: Daniella Reed
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I came to this surgery two years ago and they were fantastic now they are not. I’ve just noticed on my nhs app they have put they are trying to get hold of for long time care support but checking my phone for emails and texts they have not and it says they have tried me three times, I can tell you I have received no letters and no texts I stopped taking my antidepressants because they couldn’t be bothered to get my prescription ready in time and I was always missing tablets by the time I’d finally get it resolved, you wait weeks for an appointment so I don’t bother, I’m meant to have other support regularly but it’s never been implemented as I believe my surgery lost two great doctors and several good receptionists and the one receptionists whose left sounds exhausted as she’s picking up all the mistakes others are making. They expect me to attend appointments when I can’t because they only work one day a week or they cancel appointments and remake them for really late times. I work 37 hours a week I don’t want an appointment at 6 pm It’s a shambles and I’m dissatisfied with the service since all the GPs left

Author: Paul Mitchener
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I agree with lots of other upset patients. Since the practise was taken over it has gone from bad to worse. 2 weeks to see a Dr, 2 weeks to get a blood test. It's crazy. No duty of care at all. Failing in appropriate medical care, cover. I was left for 5 days without a controlled drug, this was with me phoning every day and had promises made. Left in acute pain and made to go cold turkey. It was only with the help of Medsclinic that I got to speak to an out of hours Dr via 111 who gave me a script of 12 tablets to see me through the weekend and then I saw Dawn, a manager , who apologised and made sure it was filled within a few hours and advised on a way to avoid it happening again. There is good and bad but unfortunately if there isn't appropriate staff to sign off on prescriptions AND controlled drugs then that wheel falls off only too readily. The waiting times are too long for medical care for sure.

Author: Sylvia Hawkins
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute waste of time. 2 years ago when I moved to the area they were a good surgery now they are hopeless. Thinking of going somewhere else as can never get to see a doctor.

Author: chris saunders
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I'm expected to discuss private embarrassing medical problems to a young kid on reception in order to get an appointment or wait 3 weeks for an appointment this surgery is no longer the local friendly surgery it once was

Author: Matt E
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shambles. Unprofessional, disorganised, and shirking responsibilities at every opportunity. Causing serious harm to long-standing patients during their most troubling periods of ill health by creating unnecessary delays and confusion. Even after their patient's passing, they still somehow manage to provide a disservice.

Author: Dominique Williams
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless, website not working for over 3 weeks, unable to process repeat prescription after 3 visits. Gone downhill over the last 2 years

Author: Stuart McKinlay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
In my view a quality and caring practice

Author: yvonne hall
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
yvonne hall4 years ago

Author: Liv Handley
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fabulous practice, couldn't ask for better. They do a great job, always friendly and professional, and have always gone the extra mile for us.
