Practice: GUDGEHEATH LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: J82033
Postcode: PO15 6QA
Google Maps title: Gudge Heath Lane Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 75
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Gudge+Heath+Lane+Surgery/@50.8597287,-1.2080296,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487468b55d7c32e3:0x48dc9db45a60938a!8m2!3d50.8597253!4d-1.2054493!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg5bkvs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82033-gudgeheath-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: First Name
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
2.2 stars review , what a shambles

Author: stephen jewer
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Could not get to see a doctor so ended up getting pneumonia and in hospital for 10 days could not even get a phone call

Author: Valerie Petrie
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with the surgery for over 50 yrs. Dr Owen is a kind through and compassionate Gp. A family member has had same day appointment using the online consultations. The receptionist are always helpful and professional.

Author: Bose
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
0 STARS 5-6 years ago my mother was here for an appointment with Stage 4 cancer. (She’s now passed) She went because she was in pain & unknowingly overdosing herself on liquid morphine because the pain she was feeling was obviously to much to cope with. not sure if she knew this to tell Dr Elliot as she was very confused. But obviously the morphine wasn’t working. But that doctor replied to her … stage 4 cancer. “ maybe it’s because you’re getting old.” I’ve never seen my mum come home and start smashing things in our house in my Entire life. It’s wonderful to know that a stage 4 cancer patient gets treated like that at your practice. Fast forward 5-6 years later, I can see what she was talking about. Visited Dr Elliot last year in a very emotional state asking for a test or information to get better manage thought patterns (HDHD), mentioned feeling like I’m going crazy to which he replied in a patronising fashion “clearly ”. Put me on a waiting list not heard a thing since. Today called in and was told the waiting list was very long (2 years!) as the receptionist was also on the same list. Which I was failed to be informed about. I Left the appointment in tear feeling worse than I did coming in. Surely to be a doctor you’ve got something in you that genuinely wants to help people. So why would you be making your patients feel like this after appointments. The Reception who I spoke to - 5 stars - you’d be a great doctor.

Author: louise figueras
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The online service is as frustrating as the telephone service….ive tried several times to make an appointment after answering all the mostly irrelevant questions I receive a text informing me that I need to attend a and e….ive not had an accident or have a life threatening condition. I just want to talk to a doctor about my various symptoms and what their cause may be…. It would appear that this service is no longer available at this practice Mean time I am in so much pain that I don’t want to live any longer…. On your conscience be it

Author: Amarine Nick-izzy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
🤮 …

Author: Julie Freemantle
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My father's carer tried to phone the practice this morning on behalf of my 91 year old dad who has developed a swollen face and feet. She waited and waited and waited in a queue. She eventually got through, only to be cut off. No one tried to call back. Communications with this practice are extremely difficult/ impossible for my very elderly father and even for his much younger carers.

Author: Paul “Rune Scape”
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dont think they will even see this review but there new online appointment system is worse than there phone call at 8am in the morning at least with phoning i could possibly get a appointment or call for that week. They should bring back walk in appointments most of the time i go in see very few people in there waiting room not busy looking at all. But anyway after figuring out how to do the online appointment making i have learning difficulties so was hard for me figure out even had to ask staff when at the doctors giving a re subscription for my medication a few times for help. All i could see when doing it online after doing the tedious unhelpful and confusing questionnaire is a appointment after 3 week. Its stupid i dont want one after 3 weeks i wanted one for the week i do it the staff are friendly when there and so are the doctors as well. I went in with re subscription for a inhaler i was having hard time breathing so they sat me down and had my subscription rushed through to get it that was good but other than this the whole appointment system and appointment availability need re doing.

Author: Stephanie McGarrity
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The phone line says the receptionist team are here to help but they are the most unhelpful and rude staff when on the phone. The phone answering system is the worst i have experienced, the position information has had me on hold for an hour from position 7, only to cut me off at position 1, and then call back and start again and again, waiting over an hour to have my call answered. Surely it shouldnt take over 2 hours to answer a phonecall. The GPs though have been supportive and helpful. The phlebotomist was great. The receptionists definitely need more training. The new online booking system is a waste of time and ineffective.

Author: Naomi Cloutman
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new online system for booking appointments makes it even harder. I was told to e mail re changing pain meds after wrist fracture surgery and then got an e mail back saying they couldn't do that without seeing me. I went through the booking system to be told there was nothing for 48hrs. I ticked to say I could wait for an available appointment, and heard nothing back over a week later. I have been left in severe pain, not sleeping. I also went for advise a few days after surgery when experiencing chest pain and a numb leg. The receptionist told me i should book an appointment online. I was crying saying I just wanted to know I was safe (worrying about possible blood clot), she sent me away, saying she couldn't help me. Where is the compassion for another human being in distress??
