Practice: SOUTHAMPTON SEA CITY PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: J82081
Postcode: SO14 1LT
Google Maps title: Mulberry House Surgery (Sea City Partnership)
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mulberry+House+Surgery+(Sea+City+Partnership)/@50.9118419,-1.4297904,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sSOUTHAMPTON+SEA+CITY+PARTNERSHIP+SO14+1LT!3m8!1s0x487473fb8998a197:0x52c2d1aeb88745ff!8m2!3d50.925935!4d-1.3908131!9m1!1b1!15sCilTT1VUSEFNUFRPTiBTRUEgQ0lUWSBQQVJUTkVSU0hJUCBTTzE0IDFMVForIilzb3V0aGFtcHRvbiBzZWEgY2l0eSBwYXJ0bmVyc2hpcCBzbzE0IDFsdJIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmljmgFEQ2k5RFFVbFJRVU52WkVOb2RIbGpSamx2VDJwQ1dsbFVSa3BVTTNCUlpXMUZOVlJyV2s1YWVtaFFZMGR3VGxKclJSQULgAQD6AQQIYRBD!16s%2Fg%2F124syx78k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.6
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82081-southampton-sea-city-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Saytee Adeoye
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The front desk staff don't answer the phone even though the operator says you are number one on the queue. I called and despite being number one on the queue,the phone was not answered until after 22mins. The is actually not the first time.

Author: shami bright
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I initially contacted the surgery to request information on the vaccinations required for my upcoming trip. I was provided with a form to complete, which I promptly returned. However, I received no further communication and had to follow up myself. Upon chasing this up, I was informed that someone should have contacted me after the form was submitted. I was then advised that I would not be able to receive any vaccinations through the NHS and would need to arrange them privately. Additionally, when I asked for guidance on which vaccinations I require, I was told to consult a travel agent and that vaccinations should be administered at least four weeks before departure. I am aware of the need for advance planning, which is why I initiated this process early. Unfortunately, due to the lack of timely communication, I am now in a position where I must pay for private vaccinations that could have been provided through the NHS.

Author: Archie Damant
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors are useless only argue never listen

Author: Alan Hobson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great practice, with more in-house services since the merger with St Mary's and Telephone House. The merger itself wasn't without problems but it's all settled now. The admin and reception team are friendly and professional and the nurses have all been awesome. As for the actual GPs, everyone I've seen since the merger has been excellent and my new primary GP Dr Polack is fab. She actually listens, and has a lovely bedside manner which makes me feel validated. No making me feel stupid, and no bamboozling with medical jargon either making it clear that she cares about her patients. Get in here if you can.

Author: Marty F
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nothing but praise for all the team at Mulberry House Surgery. I have been with them for many years both before and after their merger with St Mary’s and I can say without hesitation that the consistently high level of care and understanding has remained unchanged even in these very difficult times for the NHS. Consider myself fortunate to have them as my GP

Author: F T (Auntee)
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have left this surgery. I think most of my family will leave. They have merged with the useless St Mary's and Shirley. If they carry on like this they will have no patients.

Author: Gary Searle
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A doctor called Gemma keeps me in constant pain by not medicating me correctly what the how can ido

Author: Andrew Benham
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately this format doesn't allow a zero or minus rating , so regretfully I have to award them 1 star . It isn't deserved. Obnoxious , rude , unhelpful and patronising staff are a disgrace to our wonderful NHS . I recently registered at this "practice" , and needed to order repeat prescriptions. I logged into the NHS app , which told me I needed a linkage key , ODS code and account ID from my new surgery. A fairly straightforward request , and one which my previous health centre had printed out on slips of paper , in preparation for patients. Not so here , the woman (definitely NOT a lady!) on reception only had one train of thought. It was 12:22pm and she wanted to shut up shop , and close , because of a big "training meeting" taking place in the afternoon. I can only hope the "training" was in patient relations !! Although a mere afternoon wouldn't have been much assistance to this particular individual. She just couldn't be bothered to offer any kind of assistance whatsoever , and said she'd refer me to their sister practice (St Mary's) and I MIGHT get a call tomorrow..!! My prescriptions aren't life threatening , and I dare say I can get some emergency supplies from NHS 111, but this person's public relations skills need a complete overhaul , or more realistically , retirement , given her age . Needless to say , I won't be taking up my registration here.

Author: Lesley King
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Lift not working so mum & pushchair not able to go upstairs. I'm not allowed to use stairs so blood test dine in office. Not the best.......since St Mary's took over 😕 …

Author: ANONY MOUS
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rarely let's you speak to a doctor or appropriate professional, e consults only available for a few minutes a couple times a week. Absolute joke of a "service", I'm shocked this place hasn't been shut down for patient neglect
