Practice: BISHOPS WALTHAM SURGERY
Canonical code: J82064
Postcode: SO32 1GR
Google Maps title: Bishops Waltham Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bishops+Waltham+Surgery/@50.9552084,-1.2148323,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48746b877007b681:0xc5495ff58572c481!8m2!3d50.955205!4d-1.212252!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc59fhr4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82064-bishops-waltham-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aileen Edmunds
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had ongoing issues for the last 6 mths. I have been treated with kindness and concern by every GP I have seen! The health service is under huge amounts of pressure! I think we are very fortunate to have such a responsive and caring Practice.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Dear Aileen Edmunds, Thank you very much for your positive feedback - we will pass this on to the team. Kind Regards, Bishops Waltham Surgery

Author: GORDON CHAPMAN
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
21 01 2026 Although not a fan of the new system you can at least get an appointment.Having said that the questions dont allow to give a full description and I was given an appointment which was days away but a visit to surgery sorted it .The result was a really interested Dr Ann Kirchhoff who was brilliant,she took time to listen and sorted my medication . Let's hope she stays shes a real asset to the surgery.I've increased my star rating as a result. No online apointments for a Doctor for around 6 weeks or more.Blood clinic very good and lots of appointment options.Cant fault the Doctors once you do get to see them.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Gordon Chapman, Many thanks for your positive feedback. We recognise that the RapidHealth system does not allow for an open description of symptoms; however, as an AI triage tool, its use of closed questions is designed to ensure patient safety and help direct patients to the most appropriate care. Our reception team is always happy to help if you have any questions or feel that the appointment offered is not suitable. Thank you also for your lovely feedback regarding Dr Kirchhoff — we will be sure to pass this on to her. Kind regards, Bishops Waltham Surgery

Author: Joanne Atkinson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Getting urgent appointment harder than ever! New App is longwinded and awful. This part of the NHS is using American AI company that its CEO doesn’t believe in our health system and uses its profits for very dubious projects. So extremely reluctant to use this AI and very much thinking of changing surgeries ( where u can just call a number!). The App is really not accessible or fair to all and I do not want to share personal details to such dodgy AI
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Joanne Atkinson, Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We are sorry to hear that you found RapidHealth difficult to access or time-consuming to complete. We recognise that the system asks a number of questions, some of which may not always seem directly relevant. However, this information is essential to safely and effectively manage a high volume of appointment requests and ensure patients are directed to the most appropriate care. RapidHealth is NHS-approved, meets required clinical safety standards (DCB0129), and is fully GDPR compliant, so we hope patients feel confident using the system. Further information can be found at: https://www.rapidhealth.ai/primary-care. Please be assured that patients can still request appointments by telephone if they prefer. Our call waiting times have improved significantly, and our reception team can support you by gathering the necessary information and completing the triage on your behalf if that feels more comfortable. Thank you again for your feedback, which helps us to continually review and improve our services Bishops Waltham Surgery

Author: Kay Parker
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Couldn’t get through on phone for 2 days, even when requesting call backs. They expect an 84 year old to use an app-couldn’t work it out. My daughter finally got through for me, but the receptionist wasn’t interested in talking, just said Date of birth which she gave, when she then tried to explain she was calling on my behalf and need to change the appt the girl on reception refused to even listen and just said that’s cancelled and put the phone down. Rude is not the word for this young woman, and she sounded really young. I appreciate they are busy but this is an awful way to treat people!

Author: Diana Cairns
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently joined this practice and I was very impressed with their service. GP surgeries come in for a lot of criticism but it is a very difficult environment to be in. Well done to the practice for giving me the best registration experience in many many years!

Author: David Burton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely team, they always do their best to help.

Author: Sandy Garlick
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The older lady ( I hope she doesnt mind me calling her that ) was very helpful on the phone (4th September AM) I got to see Dr Wade West that morning and again she was very attentive. I sadly have shingles 😢 but because of them both I have started the medication quickly and hopefully I will feel better soon . Once again thank you both very much xxx

Author: Jay
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Spoke to x2 receptionist today, and both were extremely rude and expected me as a new patient to know how there booking in system work. Completely stressed and gobsmacked at the attitude. They need to employ staff that have customer service skills as they are dealing with the public. Really not happy with the service.

Author: Liam Harrington-Missin
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This is generally a good surgery but wow do they need to invest in some technology to help people book an appointment. If you miss the 8am or 2pm time by just a few mins that’s game over. It’s not technologically difficult to allow patients to self serve but something is clearly blocking them from doing it. I want to support local GP, but they really make it difficult for anyone who is remotely busy during the day.

Author: n0saj 13
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Absolutely ridiculous booking system. Failed to make one on my second attemp. Not easy when trying to cope with severe depression and anxiety disorder.
