Practice: THE ANDOVER HEALTH CENTRE MEDICAL PRACT
Canonical code: J82017
Postcode: SP10 3LD
Google Maps title: Andover Health Centre
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Andover+Health+Centre/@51.2158952,-1.4962709,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487407760c5f65d7:0xdc61c9b5b70af04d!8m2!3d51.2158919!4d-1.4936906!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgwrqq2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82017-the-andover-health-centre-medical-pract.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Julien Bulat
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Our family has received consistently excellent care from this GP practice, and I felt it was important to share my appreciation. Throughout my pregnancy, during my husband’s diagnostic process, and now with our toddler, the team has always been responsive, supportive, and highly professional. Whenever I contacted the practice with a concern, the staff ensured that we were seen or advised promptly, and referrals were arranged quickly and efficiently when needed. I would especially like to thank Dr Richard Cross for his clinical insight and for always identifying the underlying issue and arranging timely referrals. Dr Hannah Ingram Evans has been an exceptional listener, offering reassurance and thoughtful guidance whenever I needed support. Dr Ruth Verrier Jones was incredibly kind and attentive during consultations for my toddler, creating such a warm and reassuring environment that it felt less like a formal appointment and more like speaking with someone who truly cares. All the doctors and staff at the practice demonstrate a high level of professionalism, compassion, and dedication to patient care. It is very reassuring for our family to know we are supported by such a committed medical team. Thank you to everyone at the clinic for the care you provide to our community.

Author: Madison Talbot
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
The GP’s at this practice are the unfriendliest GP’s I have ever met, so very condescending, not to mention also how unhelpful they are! I have moved to the area recently and had the unpleasant experience of this Medical Practise on just 2 occasions, to which neither times have they been able to help me, leaving feeling worse than I arrived and without a resolution. 2 visits here is enough to put me off for life, would not recommend in the slightest.

Author: laura davies
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I used anima for advice this morning, it was reviewed and treatment issued within an hour. WOW!!! Thank you SO much.

Author: Mohamed Al Mutawakel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We had an amazing experience with Dr Ingram Evans who was very observant and one of the only doctors we've been to who finds the problem.

Author: Samuel Randell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Samuel Randell5 reviews · 3 photos5 months ago

Author: just2009
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Touch screen login computer was awful, kept pressing the button and nothing happened and then pressed it harder and it double pressed! Spent about 3 minutes trying to go back and forth putting in my date of birth. Get a new touchscreen, or utilise tech and have mobile login. It's 2025! Everytime I come here I end up waiting for about 45 mins to an hour after my appointment time. I can understand once or twice but everytime! It's not like the waiting room is crammed. Usually 2 people sat there. And pretty much everytime I come, the doctors haven't a clue what's up with me and just do a referral. No wonder the waiting lists are so long. Where is the medical knowledge these days. A very depressing place, no music or books in waiting room and no toys for kids. And the parking is so bad. For a site that has plenty of space for parking most of it is reserved for doctors. Lots of doctors cars but not many doctors seeing patients. NHS disaster.

Author: Sandra Jones
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Since surgery has moved it’s not disabled accessible, is my one problem the first door into health centre accessible then the door in to reception you have to pull, or ring buzzer and wait for receptionist to answer, then the rest of the doors are not accessible either. The new appt system Anima is another reason. I don’t mind filling form in but you can’t see a dr of your choice for continuity and that knows me. I then get a duty dr as that’s where all requests get looked at by them, rather than a 5 min call or 10 mins to see Gp they correspond by email which is long winded and takes an hour of being batted back and forwards, then stops which I guess is for lunch and then responds again. I think now it’s time to leave the surgery as changes aren’t for the better. Not many surgeries in Andover use this system. It may be good for some but that and the fact that this surgery wasn’t thought out well by HHFT, as no pavement put in for pedestrians, they put zebra crossing where the barriers are for cars and not many stop, That itself is an accident waiting to happen, but I guess it’s I. The right place if it does.

Author: Alex Dixon
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alex Dixon3 reviews · 10 photos7 months ago

Author: Richard Bond
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
What use is a medical system where you cannot communicate with Doctors? The IT system here doesn't work properly & simply wastes people's time. Help over the phone is unforthcoming & there is no email address available. Hopeless

Author: JJ Wright
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
New online booking system is too long, too complicated for non techy people, with questions not suitable for complex problems. Pointless having a new system that takes away a receptionist to help some one fill it in. Just puts more pressure on overworked staff. Sent incorrect appointment info and too many irrelevant messages.
