Practice: LORDSHILL HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: J82002
Postcode: SO16 8HY
Google Maps title: Lordshill Health Centre
Google rating: 4.2
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lordshill+Health+Centre/@50.9403102,-1.4511952,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487475ca82edbe33:0xb15d2d1f6157c29d!8m2!3d50.9403068!4d-1.4486149!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdfy5kp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82002-lordshill-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mairead Sorapure
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mairead Sorapure5 reviewsa month ago

Author: kev poulter
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Lordshill Health Centre is half a mile away from me and is the closest GP to me by some distance. But unfortunately I can not register with them as I live outside of their catchment area. I am absolutely stunned and confused by the acute lack of common sense that the people who make decisions like this have.

Author: Doug Mackinnon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doug MackinnonLocal Guide · 49 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Peter
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very efficient and polite

Author: Abby Davies
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Lovely people. When you can get through. would recommend that you TURN OFF THE AFTERNOON CALLS - as you can no longer get afternoon call backs. It’s a waste of everyone time and energy. Also what happened to the option where you can leave a note for your dr ? Even if no call backs or appointments available…. Seems the situation differs on whoever picks up the phone.

Author: Paul Groundwell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is a disgrace and the opitomy of everything that is wrong with the NHS today. Incompetent staff from top to bottom with no exceptions. This is not a mere "off the cuff rant" I have dates, events, names and a whole back catalogue of shortfalls and failures relating to the surgery from the GP's to the staff on reception. My advise to anyone who is unfortunate enough to fall into the catchment area for this surgery is either go private or move out of the area completely in order to avoid the same level of suffering and stress this surgery has inflicted onto my wife in trying to resolve medical issues for her frail 88 year old mother. Shame on you, shame on you all !!

Author: Lee Slade
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lee SladeLocal Guide · 69 reviews · 1 photoEdited 6 months ago

Author: Ashleigh Cattell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
absolutely the best doctors in the area, phones are answered quickly and never an issue getting an appointment. great triage service where if you don’t need an appointment, a doctor will phone you same day. can’t fault it.

Author: Matt
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I've long considered this GP practice to be among the best in the area. However, like many others, they struggle with the overwhelming patient numbers due to a shortage of GPs. While I've always spoken highly of them in the past, my recent experiences have been disappointing, particularly with some of the reception staff. The demeanour of some of the reception staff has become somewhat unpleasant, this week making me feel like an inconvenience when I visited to fill our a repeat prescription form and online registration. Then today was a particular low point. After a busy morning getting my kids ready and off to school, I hurried home to contact the surgery about the same prescription request that had been questioned my my GP. The response I received was less than helpful—essentially telling me I should have called earlier at 8 am and that I'd need to wait until 1:30 pm now. There seemed to be no empathy or willingness to assist, trying to talk over me and leaving me feeling blamed for not navigating their inadequate process correctly. While the practice itself is the best in the area, I believe there's a pressing need to address both the telephone manner and demeanour of some (though certainly not all) staff members. I hope they can improve in this area. Although I appreciate the challenges and stress it might cause for staff.. its also not the patients fault. Focus in this area would greatly enhance patient experience and restore the confidence I once had in them. I look forward to calling at 130pm to be 17th person in the que, and no appointments left when I get to the front. Edit: Another day - Another abrupt response from call handler that was totally unnecessary. Little empathy it seems for people in pain. Inconveniencing them at there place of work when calling for help. This used to be a very good surgery. Some training required here for staff, should be aware that sometimes people are in pain and that we should all be considerate to their needs. One day it might be you!

Author: Nad Uzunova
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can not express my gratitude for the support you have been giving to my whole family, especially recently! WE NEED YOU !THANKS !
