Practice: THE BOSMERE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82010
Postcode: PO9 1DQ
Google Maps title: The Bosmere Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 151
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Bosmere+Medical+Practice/@50.8502675,-0.9931542,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487444c8c6f9ba71:0x3b1cc0a62d773e3f!8m2!3d50.8502641!4d-0.9905739!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b6vbsypk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82010-the-bosmere-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tony Holman
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Called to make an appointment on Monday morning, 4th in the queue , only to be told they had nothing available for me and to go to the pharmacy. Pharmacy told me I need to have a blood test and refered me back to Bosmere Medical Centre. They never contacted me so eventually I called 111 and they sent me Waterlooville Health Centre where they also advised a blood test. Very frustrated, not able to see a Dr due to a receptionist deeming it wasn't needed when over the course of the day, 3 seperate health workers advised a blood test. Not good enough.

Author: Ana-Roxana Nahorniak
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been many times to bosmere.. Every time seen by someone else and not having a great experience.Until today when I saw doctor Lutwak who took the time to listen and seem to care.Thank you Dr Lutwak.

Author: Paul Glover
Date: a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
Paul Glovera week ago New

Author: gem gem
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful Told by nurse i had shingles Then told by gp wasnt 2 weeks steroid cream went back said dry skin More shitty creams Requested blood test more than once as antihistamines & creams arent working yet still expected me to go all weekend ripping my skin to shreds to go to another face to face appointment & no blood test!! Lets hope its not serious as ill be talking to solicitors and taking legal action!

Author: Amanda Taylor
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Currently in the process of finding a new practice. I’m very concerned with the conduct of this practice, I have been returning monthly for the same condition, constantly fobbed off and gaslit after I filed a complaint. Dr Melville was very good though, but you see a different doctor each time, none of which seemed to read my notes. Doctors contradicting each other. Wasted hundreds of pounds of private prescriptions because of this practice. Received a call in April after test in January and the doctor apologised that my results were not followed up and medicine prescribed. Sadly, this practice seems to forget they are playing with people’s lives!! They see this as a business. You can never get an appointment and when you do, the practice waiting room is empty! I also did a telephone consult on a Friday and the doctor forgot to send my prescription Leaving me in agony over the weekend, another telephone consult recently, I missed the call, doctor did not call back, phoned reception to be told I would need to resubmit the form!!

Author: Sonny
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctor Gracescurdle is one of the best Doctors I have come across in all my years very very helpful very clued up about what he’s saying

Author: tottenham hotspurLast
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Gone down hill since 2020

Author: gemma hobden
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I really wish I could give this doctor surgery 0 stars and it sure isn't deserving of the measly 2.7 stars it has. There are so many problems that need addressing but I'm going to go for just 3 of a very long list. 1) My 4 year old son was back and forth with a cough each time they would look at him for 1 minuet and say it's a new one or it's asthma all I was asking for was a chest X-ray. After many appointments and finally found one doctor who referred me to the hospital lo and behold he has sever Pneumonia and fluid in his lungs and scaring from being there so long. Disgusting! Today I went as I have been unwell and my left side of my face was swollen and my nose didn't even look like mine, she took my temp and oxygen levels and gave my spray, no questions no follow up to what I was stating no after care or what to watch out for and guess what? She barely looked at me and she most definitely didn't look at my nose at all and after 3 minutes I felt shooed out. You can only get an appointment on the day which is not practical and most of the staff do not give you the time of the day. We are only allowed 10 minutes but they don't even give us that. Disgusting surfer who cars about pumping numbers then actually helping the community they are here to serve. Whoever is running this place needs to have a look at themselves. If it was closed down it would do the community a service, you are weaning us off a service we pay for through our tax. Get better or close.

Author: Baratolli
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to see a Doctor after waiting 2 weeks left his surgery feeling more stressed and anxious than before I went in. The experience was reported to the Surgery manager and was she able to secure an appointment the very next morning at 9 am. I just hope I get a better reception and treatment this time.

Author: angela pearce
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Took too long to diagnose serious condition, one idiot go said anxiety attack, how wrong he was. Big staff shortages , some receptionists think they are doctors
