Practice: CRANESWATER GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82055
Postcode: PO5 2PW
Google Maps title: Craneswater Group Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Craneswater+Group+Practice/@50.7835727,-1.0801436,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCRANESWATER+GROUP+PRACTICE+PO5+2PW!3m8!1s0x48745db97f2353cb:0x526c2df20024f3b0!8m2!3d50.7839335!4d-1.0772831!9m1!1b1!15sCiJDUkFORVNXQVRFUiBHUk9VUCBQUkFDVElDRSBQTzUgMlBXWiQiImNyYW5lc3dhdGVyIGdyb3VwIHByYWN0aWNlIHBvNSAycHeSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NsaW5pY5oBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuVFVObmNXSnFUVzVSUlJBQuABAPoBBAgqECY!16s%2Fg%2F11fr3l5rw5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82055-craneswater-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Л. В.
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited for my sample to be sent to the lab to receive a confirmation on whether my infection is viral or a bacteria. From this, I would know whether I should take antibiotics. Even though I was told it would take "up to 7 days", I ended up waiting 11 days and had to chase them to receive a result! The text I received from the doctor is one of the most laziest and vague responses I have ever seen. It does not confirm anything, and only says that I should start taking antibiotics if I still feel unwell!???? This is so so unprofessional and this system is so careless about the use of antibiotics nonchalantly - genuinely shocking!

Author: Philippa
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been with this GP surgery for years and they are nothing but inconsistent. Phone wait times are awful, doctors dont always sign off prescriptions in time and there is no-one chasing it up if they don’t. They honestly seem to care very little about their patients and the final straw was today. I’m switching to a different practice. What kind of Dr asks you what your health concern is and then asks what you want them to do about it!? I’m not the Dr. Even when I’ve reported having suicidal thoughts, they said what would you like me to do! Really???? Seriously?? And then they mess you around with prescriptions which messes with your brain chemistry on top of that and people wonder why the suicide rate is increasing. How about starting the with fixing the broken medical care system.

Author: Janet Bedford
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic service x My family have been with you over 30 years . Happy friendly service .x

Author: J
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phlebotomist was chill, but basically every other person I interacted with here was unpleasant. None of the receptionists hang out at the desk if they can help it, they all chat and hide behind the wall. I had to get one once when the music disconnected in the lobby and it was playing some loud & pretty hideous static and strange noises, she gave real attitude and eyerolls until she followed me out and heard it herself. Doctor was really rude and disrespectful (only ever spoke over the phone, never got an in person appointment). The hold times on the phone are incredibly long, and they almost always direct you to use their crappy AI online anyway. The pharmacy doesn't respond to prescription refill emails, so it's up to you to guess if they received it or did anything. They also clearly don't read the emails, as they send the refills to the wrong location and we had to chase up the pharmacies ourselves. I'm ecstatic to be moving away from here.

Author: Simone Hathaway
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cant praise this surgery enough, any issue that I have had they always offer an appointment, they are very responsive, and helpful staff. My sons have also had the same experiences.

Author: Rosie Blackman
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If the GP hasn’t even signed off the prescription, then why am I receiving a text saying it will be sent to my nominated pharmacy by the end of the day? It’s now the following day and it’s still not there. Do I really want to be making x2 wasted trips when I am unwell? No. Not to mention I have a UTI infection which is commonly known to spread to the kidneys and become quite serious. I understand the NHS is struggling, but in this day and age when everything is digital, it should not take 2 days for prescriptions to reach the pharmacy. It’s hard to be understanding and grateful for the NHS when it’s the very same organisation that’s actively participating in you becoming more unwell. Do better.

Author: Adrian Albon
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to get an appointment. Hostile reception staff. Dismissive and disinterested GPs. Apparently they're rushed off their feet but the surgery is always empty?!

Author: jason Watling
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Has to be the wirst surgery in Portsmouth. Strongly recommend not to go there

Author: Aura Cristina Tecu
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since they have the Anima app I am trying to make an appointment for 2 months, I had to go with my kids 3 time know to St. Mary Hospital because they could not see them. In conclusion they are there when you need them.

Author: Karen Foster
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently had some health issues which have not necessarily been serious but ongoing. I can not fault the practice (especially with the new anima referral system - both times I have used it I have been acknowledged and an appropriate and timely appointment arranged) in supporting me every step of the way. Following surgery in March 2025, my GP (Dr Sheers) has been wonderful and provided consistent reassurance, advice, and support. For the first time in a long time I have felt my health issues matter and I have been listened to. I know there is so much pressure on the NHS and I really try not to contact a GP unless I have to. The hard work and dedication of all involved does not go unnoticed and a huge thank you to Dr Sheers and Craneswater Practice for really caring and helping me get my health issues back on track.
