Practice: RED AND GREEN PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82056
Postcode: SO45 5WX
Google Maps title: Red and Green Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Red+and+Green+Practice/@50.8587368,-1.4072803,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sRED+AND+GREEN+PRACTICE+SO45+5WX!3m8!1s0x487477415d8ca3ab:0xe69db58c3dbb1178!8m2!3d50.8585636!4d-1.4046656!9m1!1b1!15sCh9SRUQgQU5EIEdSRUVOIFBSQUNUSUNFIFNPNDUgNVdYkgEIaG9zcGl0YWzgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tgcrbdy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82056-red-and-green-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Judit Korpás
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It happened some years ago. A hormone stick was applied because of my myoma. Here, they made a mistake, and it got broken in my arms during the operation. I ended up in the emergency, but they could not remove since it was the first wave of the covid, and there was a chaos. Red and Green Practice was not open to look at my case. It caused fake pregnancy: 55 kg --> 89 kg in 2 months, and killed my liver. It took years to get back to 62 kg. 2 years later, I changed region and the registration was ongoing to a new surgery, but I was still 'out of area' patient here in the meantime. I got sick (simple flu but with high fever). I had to stay at home. I asked for a doctor's note, it should have been provided to my employer. My request was rejected for perfectly no reason. I lost my job, and I lost my visa status. Even a veterinary clinic is a better place to go...

Author: Stuart Gray
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just about the worse GP service ever, You have more chance of seeing ET than you have a GP at this surgery.

Author: Adrienn Lantos
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Adrienn Lantos9 reviews3 months ago

Author: Lindsey Templeman
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
When needing to speak to a secretary for advice on my poorly mum, i have always got through quite quickly and got a prompt response back from doctor.

Author: Nikki Stott
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having been a registered with this practice (myself and my daughter) for almost 21 years I can honestly say that I don't support the many negative views here. It is a very busy practice and yes, it can be difficult to get through on the phone - because everyone wants to ring at 8am, and if you're put in a queue and don't want to wait because someone dialled faster than you...??? Show some respect and support for Dr's and their support colleagues, before we all lose this great facility! Show patience, understanding and respect for these people trying to help you, instead of being RUDE! Because that is exactly what you expect from THEM! It's a 2 way process and everyone is SOMEONE! PROTECT AND SAVE

Author: Brenda
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service always, never had trouble seeing a doctor within a reasonable time frame

Author: Lydia Martin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Dr. Nurton, who went above and beyond during my appointment yesterday. I came to him with signs of peroneal nerve damage — a time-sensitive issue that, if not addressed promptly, could lead to permanent complications. Before sending me to Lymington to request imaging, Dr. Nurton took the extra step of contacting an orthopaedic specialist directly during my appointment to seek advice and ensure I received the most appropriate care. At Lymington UTC, when they contacted him, he ensured I received the necessary X-rays, and I am now awaiting an orthopaedic follow-up. Thank you, Dr. Nurton — your swift action, compassion, and commitment to your patients is incredible. I’m so grateful for the care and attention you provided. - An excellent GP, after moving to R&G a few years ago from the other drs surgery in Hythe, this is by far the best!

Author: Jacqui Marsh
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always have had positive experiences here for many years. Yesterday I saw Dr Clothier, she was excellent. Listened to my issues and was really caring, offered me good advice and gave me prescription to aid my recovery . Very Happy 😊 …

Author: Jess Churchill
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy at all. Get to my daughters appointment 2 minutes late then had to wait standing to sign in for another 5 minutes and next thing you know I’m being scorned about being late when I’m really unwell and am struggling to breathe in the heat. I’m a single mother trying to do everything on my own and all because I was 2 minutes late they cancelled my daughter’s appointment. I’m disappointed to be honest. I’ve never been so anxious about going to an appointment but if this lady is doing my daughter’s immunisations then I would rather cancel and book with someone else. I hope the one who spoke to me see’s this because you have triggered my anxiety!

Author: Natasha Knox
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Joined this doctors November and I must say they are all very good doctor kenrick is very caring supportive and ladies in reception are lovely thank you
