Practice: TRAFALGAR MEDICAL GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82028
Postcode: PO5 3ND
Google Maps title: Trafalgar Medical Group Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 184
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Trafalgar+Medical+Group+Practice/@50.7853404,-1.111521,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTRAFALGAR+MEDICAL+GROUP+PRACTICE+PO5+3ND!3m8!1s0x48745d96d2944df5:0xa619811f1b06877f!8m2!3d50.7853404!4d-1.0924666!9m1!1b1!15sCihUUkFGQUxHQVIgTUVESUNBTCBHUk9VUCBQUkFDVElDRSBQTzUgM05EWioiKHRyYWZhbGdhciBtZWRpY2FsIGdyb3VwIHByYWN0aWNlIHBvNSAzbmSSARVwdWJsaWNfbWVkaWNhbF9jZW50ZXLgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tyggr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82028-trafalgar-medical-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Prisca Itangi
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
Prisca Itangia day ago New

Author: Dalila Isabel
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Getting an appointment here is a nightmare! It’s same-day only, so you have to call at exactly 8am, but everyone else is doing the same thing and the lines are instantly jammed. By the time you get through, there’s no appointments left. I currently have a lump I’m worried about and when I spoke to a receptionist I was told that to get an appointment I either had to queue outside the practice from 8am or use the eConsult online form. Queuing at 8am, is not at all a realistic option, I have a job, and I cannot drop everything on the off-chance I might be lucky enough to secure a slot before everyone else. Also, if you are ill with a flu or chest infection for example, can you imagine having to queue out in the cold when you feel terrible? Ridiculous. I went ahead and submitted an eConsult two days ago for the lump. Still no response. For something like that, you’d expect a bit of urgency, no? The eConsult is also supposed to be quick and easy but really isn’t. I once submitted one for a sore throat I’d had for over a month and was told to go to a pharmacist. I knew immediately that they wouldn’t be able to help but went anyway, and was told to see a GP. I then had to call back, having wasted a whole afternoon, and somehow got a same-day appointment the moment I complained. Why couldn’t that have happened the first time? It really felt like whoever read my econsult form hadn’t actually read it properly. The whole system makes you not want to bother seeking help at all, which is a terrible place to be with your own healthcare. The receptionists are lovely and this definitely isn’t on them, but something needs to change. I’m seriously thinking about switching practices, even if it means travelling further, just to get decent care.​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​

Author: Tom Sykes
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Last September, one of Trafalgar's GPs was informed by QA that an appointment for me had been cancelled. Not only did this GP not inform me in time, which meant an expensive wasted journey that made life difficult for me in terms of work and childcare, but they proceeded to lie through their teeth and blame the booking department at QA for it. Their lies meant that I spent five months on a wild goose chase trying to claim back the taxi fares from QA, even though Trafalgar should have paid for these because it was entirely the fault of one of their GPs. Trafalgar have finally apologised and offered to pay these fares back, but this is not good enough. Additional compensation for stress and loss of earnings is needed. I have also demanded a one-to-one meeting with Dr Singh, who is apparently the leading doctor in the practice. Their office manager will not reply to my emails or answer my phonecalls. This is abysmal customer service.

Author: Accounts Mailbox
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had only good experiences with this practice. Always so kind and responsive.

Author: Cherry Maber
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Once you get a appointment the service from the doctors and nurses is first class!!went back to Eastney health centre again this week had a very good experience the doctor was very patient professional and thorough got the medication I needed the girls on reception were also really nice friendly and looked out for my taxi for me while I nipped over the road to get my prescription from the pharmacy First class again!! Thank you x

Author: Varga Anasztazia
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Varga AnasztaziaLocal Guide · 5 reviews · 10 photos3 months ago

Author: Béla Demeter
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't recommend it to anyone.

Author: Jake
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor under trained recruitment program to ignore health needs

Author: Jemitta Shan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had severe anxiety last year and I was assigned Dr Wilson. She was the best and was very empathetic and was a good listener and not someone who wanted to rush to finish off the duty. She even called me once at 8:30 pm to check on me.

Author: Margaret Bell
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been with this Surgery/Health Centre since 1969. I have seen many changes as I am now 90. You also cared superbly for my late husband. I want to tell you all how well you look after me with dignity and care. I have never had a cross word with a Receptionist as they too are caring and sympathetic. I really thank and appreciate you all. THANK YOU. Margaret Bell
