Practice: ALDERMOOR SURGERY
Canonical code: J82092
Postcode: SO16 5ST
Google Maps title: Aldermoor Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 107
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Aldermoor+Surgery/@50.940286,-1.4306491,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4874743f5ebd22f3:0x1d2a96c979246e42!8m2!3d50.9402826!4d-1.4280688!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf3ncll?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82092-aldermoor-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: LINGQI
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception team is absolutely very rude and no patient care in this rubbish surgery. Poorly managed team

Author: Paul Tosswell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Received a text to book a telephone appointment. Said to use the self booking service - no appointments available. Rang surgery, best they could do was 10th December. Yet the times I visit the surgery there are very few patients in the waiting room. Hardly inspires confidence.

Author: Rosemary Shaw
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Most of the doctors are good. A couple of them aren't. Medical records not updated, serious health conditions not followed up or even included in the records. I've finally had enough and joined another surgery. The nurses are brilliant, reception staff are okay. GP's - a different one every time and as vital information is missing, it's a waste of time.

Author: Stephen Years
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
7 visits with the same continual ear ache problem. Different doctors each time. 2 different antibiotics. Ear drops. Even told to come back in a few weeks as I had been swimming. Eventually sent to ENT after many months & diagnosed with throat cancer only to be told it’s beyond cure & should have come sooner. I would suggest moving surgeries to anyone. Thanks for nothing !

Author: Stephen Harrage
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My partner has suffered for weeks with anxiety preventing him from working some days or even leaving the house is a struggle. The doctor dismissed everything and said be happier in life with mental health problems being a trend! Will not be seeing Dr Obaidi again!

Author: manase khondowe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have no nice work for the receptionists hb of 76 they want to give an appointment in August do they understand what low blood is? Am changing gp otherwise I may end up with complications.am rating one because if I won't I can't post my review my rating is 0.it pains me tht I have to rate u one can the system alow zero rating please

Author: Tyrone Hayward
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have waited over 2 months for a health check. Was cancelled due to no Nurse taking bloods. Finally got blood tests done, had to go back for health check this morning. Wasted time waiting for the Nurse & left. Every time I call to make an appt. Told to call back or they have one in 3 weeks. Receptionists are uncaring and unpersonable. They need to treat people as humans.

Author: Luke
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This was a "sore" experience, more on that later. Just moved into town and they were kind enough to register me temporarily. Golden. After I told them I wish to collect the prescription, they sent me to Shirely pharmacy and the not the precinct pharmacy I had told them. Not a major thing as they are on other ends of the road so I thought ok I am fit enough to get to both so let it slide. Get to the pharmacy, pharmacy no longer has it, medicine has been out of stock in most places for years. 4 pharmacies later and none of them have it. Called Aldermoor and explained the subscription needs to be changed, prolonging my agony for another day, luckily I have had worst so bit my upper lip like a good English man. Called up today, reiterated I checked alot of pharmacies and the receptionist said their pharmaceutical technician called the precinct pharmacy and they said they have it... this is after I physically went in to ask for the subscription from several places.... and prescribed the same out of stock and non-existent medicine. Get to the precinct pharmacy, no they have given you the around again, apologies we can't give you anything without a new subscription. Calling Aldermoor again would take us to day 3 of this saga. And the condition is relatively easy to treat. As a result the pain got to a level I had to sleep and miss an important birthday of someone close to me and now wasting extra time in A&E after profusely apologising that we'll, I did not need to be here in the first place. This is has taken plenty of restraint to remain polite. Only take away is, try not to hurt yourself or get sick.

Author: Katarzyna Kos
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Careless "service". They take prescription orders and they are not sending them to pharmacy.

Author: Ali Ahmadi
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP I ever been to the reception has a bad attitude they ready to fight you
