Practice: HEDGE END MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: J82089
Postcode: SO30 4FQ
Google Maps title: Hedge End Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 123
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hedge+End+Medical+Centre/@50.9141178,-1.3033332,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48746e03a5e3520b:0xe84fb540416e8d05!8m2!3d50.9141144!4d-1.3007529!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdfmqyd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82089-hedge-end-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matt Whitfield
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I used to be impressed with this practice, then they have switched to the 'we release appointments daily' approach - which means you can never get through. You phone up, and it says 'we will put you through to our receptionists' which then just gives you an engaged tone and hangs up on you. So, it feels really nice to be lied to as part of the process.

Author: lvsaq
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had so many bad experiences with GPs and although this may not be the easiest place to get an appointment within a month I got 2 appointments and in both of those appointments they listened and didn’t gaslight me whatsoever they genuinely wanted to help me

Author: Connor Mason
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Been part of this surgery since beginning of January 2025 first time I went in receptionist seemed to have a bit of attitude but didn’t hold it against them. Since then everything has to be done through anima which is stressful and pointless (which is the biggest problem). Used to be able to call up get an appointment and situation resolved at prior surgery’s.Can’t contact gps anymore to follow up with enquires and can’t get meds represcribed (unless u want to go through the whole anima process as if it’s a new request) Honestly worst decision by the nhs to implement this system as other reviews have stated nothing but issues. And then merging surgery’s even more issues to me very backwards thinking. keep saying about me going to surgery’s like bursledon where people that don’t drive or afford to get there just simply can’t get help.

Author: Charlotte Murphy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hedge End has gone downhill hugely since the merge. I’ve been trying to get an appointment for ages. I had an appointment booked for a week and a half since trying to make an urgent appointment. The next day I tried to do another Anima request as I was feeling a lot worse. I made a total of 3 Anima requests in the last few days for the same issue as advised by a paramedic through 111 (specifically said urgent appointment). Put it this way, as I was on the way to the hospital after being seen by a paramedic and having an ambulance called on me (I told 111 I had the same symptoms) Hedge End sent a text saying that I was fine just to wait a week and a half for my “routine appointment”. Not even advised to call 111 or go to A&E. Just told to wait. Absolutely ridiculous, I will be changing GP surgeries. Complete lack of care. Unacceptable. If I could give 0 stars I would.

Author: Michael Revans
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
i have contacted the receptionist many times at the surgery you do usually have to wait for a ring back which i always get and they have been superb and help me with my wives problems beyond what you would normally expect

Author: Roy Debonnaire
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
As a 95 year old patient I am finding it more and more difficult to order repeat prescriptions on line for myself and my wife(87 yrs). I try patient access and the NHS but get told my email address and password don't match. I have changed the passwords several times to make contact but the next time I try the same thing happens all over again. It exasperates me.Now they,ve changed the system to anima it seems even worse

Author: Kayleigh G-R
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I used to really like this surgery, until they were take over by HVH. Now I have to wait a month or more for an appointment when I used to wait a week. Surely the point of joining forces is to be better, not worse?

Author: Jimmy Kane Guitar (Guitar Coach)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I won't echo the same sentients from the other reviews but safe to say I am experiencing the exact same issues. Trying to get an appointment is futile. It's been seven weeks and I feel fobbed off. This isn't healthcare. This isn't even "sick"care. This is simply "don't care"

Author: Katie Bai
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since the GP practices merged, it has become almost impossible to book an appointment. I’ve been trying for over a month with no success. Every time I call or check online, there are no available slots — even for basic health concerns like allergy management. It’s frustrating and worrying, especially for patients with ongoing health needs who are told to “try again next week” with no guarantee. The system simply doesn’t seem to have enough capacity after the merger. I understand demand is high, but patients deserve at least a reliable way to get support within a reasonable timeframe. I’ve already had allergy testing done, and need medication review and risk assessment. But the delay has left me with no support plan, even though I’m regularly exposed to known allergens. This isn’t safe.

Author: Carl Waszkowiak
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Carl Waszkowiak4 reviews · 1 photo5 months ago
