Practice: FORESTSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82072
Postcode: SO45 4JA
Google Maps title: Forestside Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 12
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Forestside+Medical+Practice/@50.8518719,-1.4189706,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sFORESTSIDE+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+SO45+4JA!3m8!1s0x487477056a5247cd:0x56613ea3b139e4d!8m2!3d50.8518999!4d-1.4163706!9m1!1b1!15sCiRGT1JFU1RTSURFIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgU080NSA0SkGSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NsaW5pY-ABAA!16s%2Fg%2F11k4wxl3w_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82072-forestside-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: michael reynolds
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
STAFF SPEND ALL DAY TALKING TO EACH OTHER WHILE THE PHONE IS RINGING, USELESS

Author: David Grimsdell
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Onsite parking can sometimes be a problem, especially during the afternoons. Once you are inside the practice though, the reception staff are fantastic and there are a great range of GP's and Nurses. I am here every 3 weeks for repeat appointments and always feel welcomed.

Author: MB1
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've always had a very positive experience with Forestside, particularly when I've needed to be seen urgently, specifically for antibiotics (once post cat attack, and on another occasion for a pneumococcal infection). On both occasions I was treated with dignity and respect, and referred on to paramedics at Hythe Hospital (same day appointments) where I could get treatment rapidly. My thanks to everyone for the hard work they do in very difficult circumstances.

Author: Roving Reviewers
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctor in the area. So unhelpful. You can never get an appointment even if you are the first caller of the day. Constant fob off from the uncaring reception staff who tell different stories. I'm in stage 2 hypertension and I have been unable to get a prescription signed off as I need a review. Understand there maybe a backlog but 6 months of being fobbed off is ridiculous. I don't know why staff are employed who just don't care or try and escalate issues.

Author: Bjbstreet@hotmail.com Scrumpy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I can't get an appointment, it's a shambles.

Author: Elara Rose
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried for months to get doctor appt. In the old days in the midlands and surrey, you pop in get seen same day. But now got to try endlessly on phone until get through. Not allowed to pop in or book online. Sure many like me need more care because problem not nipped in bud so to speak. I have given up officially now! My mum keeps saying go see doctor not understanding how impossible it is, because where i grew up, where she is, our doctor of many years will visit her, nurses call. Ive lived in 3 counties since left home, this has to be the worse for seeing a real human being whose profession is a doctor! When i did finally get an actual appointment, was 2 weeks time in marchwood doctors, different place, had a car then so didnt mind but they cancelled it on the day. Then i got feedback request re appt with no option to say you cancelled it so i didnt see anyone! Another time after 4 months trying to get appt. In desperation i went in, couldnt get appt, was told to phone. What would a person do if they've got no phone or cant phone because cant speak, lost their voice! Anyway finally got appt at hospital, did i see a doctor, no idea, he said go back to your doctor. I thought "but this is my doctor appointment!" So this, long term unknown medical problem is in Gods hands. The other simpler problem id been told i need antibiotics by pharmacists and chiropodist. This same person said quote "we wont give you antibiotics, we'll see if the black spreads up your leg"... In disbelief and shock i said nothing. No point going to a doctor. A few weeks later my toe nail fell off.... i still have the other issue nearly 2 years later. (Elaras not my real name)

Author: Andy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Have recently been dealing with a number of events on behalf of an elderly relative and, apart from one bad experience over the phone, have found the staff here to be helpful and understanding

Author: David O’Brien
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just joined Surgery. Was worried what people were writing. Needed an appt, phoned up early this morning 23rd July and receptionist was very understanding and very helpful. Fantastic

Author: Leonie Giles
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Went to website to order a prescription which they won’t put on repeat only to find their website domain had expired! Can’t order now until Monday by going up there!

Author: Tina Lightning
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always lovely staff, and if you need to be seen urgently UCC is an option. Doing their best given how all surgeries struggle.
