Practice: THE SHIRLEY HEALTH PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: J82088
Postcode: SO15 3JD
Google Maps title: Shirley Health Partnership
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 180
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Shirley+Health+Partnership/@50.9191665,-1.430063,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4874769c3825b445:0xe41d91cf55238ae2!8m2!3d50.9191631!4d-1.4274827!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tctl7nn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82088-the-shirley-health-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kacper Pietrowski
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a blood test done, and on Thursday I received my results along with a message stating that I have an infection and that I needed to book a telephone appointment for Monday. I then called on Monday, as instructed, only to be told that there were no appointments available. This is completely unacceptable, especially considering I had already been informed that I have an infection and needed to speak to a doctor. Being told to call on a specific day, then finding out there is no availability, shows a serious lack of organisation and concern for patient care. I have now been told I have to wait another full week to be seen, despite already being made aware of a medical issue through my blood test results. Delaying treatment for an infection after informing a patient about it is not only frustrating, but potentially harmful. This experience has caused unnecessary stress and worry, and I find the level of service provided by the surgery to be extremely poor. I would like an explanation as to why I was told to book a telephone appointment on Monday if no appointments were actually available, and why a patient with confirmed results showing an infection is expected to wait even longer for any medical advice or treatment.

Author: Colleen Azor
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Shirley Health Partnership for a long time and in my opinion Dr Kumar is the best possible Doctor. I have also recently seen Nurse Jessica B and also impressed with how professional & caring Jessica is after a thorough appointment. There was a hick up on my follow up call but received an early call today. As far as reception staff are concerned always had caring staff & refer to Manager as & when required so a big thank you. At least now you are told the number you are in a queue & it’s best to be a patient patient. A lovely new surgery so as a long standing patient a very BIG THANK YOU.

Author: Mike Zammit
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless surgery, appointment system is ridiculous you have to ring on a Monday at 8am to secure an appointment, this isn't possible if you are working as waiting time's are long, a message saying you are in a queue of 30+ once all the slots are taken that is it for another week, totally unacceptable, and the receptionists are rude and abrupt, I've had to change surgery because unless you don't work there system doesn't work for you. AVOID!

Author: ADAM LIS
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great customer services. Great staff: Reception -Charlotte

Author: Vanessa Haynes
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
i phone up the surgery today and it was about a few things one about my ear. I can't hear anything I told me to go and get hearing test two I've been having Lisa bowels for about a couple of months now and I'm not controlling my back passage anymore. I can't even feel me going free. I am in agony at night with so much pain and cramp it's doing my head in. it's like my legs need cutting off that's how bad the cramps are. Please can someone find me I just don't understand all this online business I don't usually go to the doctors I'm not the one that completely please can some one phone me in so much pain vanessa haynes

Author: Lawrence C
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Comfortable brand new nhs facility. Unfortunately this is let down by the careless attitude of the staff. I was there yesterday morning. The car park had not been salted and lots of black ice which made walking a hazard. I did not notice a salt bin either. I reported this to the receptionist who then informed the facility manager. She came out to have a quick look from the entrance and did not do a thorough inspection of the carpark then went back to the office. I doubt anything was done. This was very disappointing given that there are many elderly folks assessing the clinic

Author: Kinda khoury
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good GP, seen quickly when needed

Author: A Jay
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst reception staff I've ever had the pleasure of dealing with. Surgery is nicely refurbished and doctors are friendly but let down entirely by its front of house, the same problem the old surgery had.

Author: Marcin Murach
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant doctor! Extremely helpful and handled my urgent case on the same day. Truly impressed with the care and professionalism.

Author: Aazzalrahman Alghoul
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Aazzalrahman Alghoul2 reviews4 months ago
