Practice: ABBEYWELL SURGERY
Canonical code: J82145
Postcode: SO51 8EN
Google Maps title: Abbeywell Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Abbeywell+Surgery/@50.9891007,-1.5122683,16z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sABBEYWELL+SURGERY+SO51+8EN!3m8!1s0x48738aa6912eaec3:0x84525637b4291738!8m2!3d50.9891007!4d-1.5027411!9m1!1b1!15sChpBQkJFWVdFTEwgU1VSR0VSWSBTTzUxIDhFTpIBGWZhbWlseV9wcmFjdGljZV9waHlzaWNpYW7gAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tlmmsht?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82145-abbeywell-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bruce Moir
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only say that I have found the practice and it’s staff excellent, I’ve had two life threatening conditions over the years, and both times this practice have always been extremely effective and efficient at dealing with the problems. Routine appointments do take a couple of weeks sometimes, but it’s a hugely growing population in Romsey and all want medical attention at times, it’s not the practice that’s at fault, it’s the consequences of building more and more houses.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
It’s wonderful to hear such positive feedback!

Author: Ray Simons
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Blunt and rude staff members when trying to book appointment about a health concern. Easier to get a handshake from the king than get a same day appointment.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
We’re very sorry to hear about your experience. This is not the standard of service we aim to provide. Please contact the surgery directly so we can discuss your concerns and work towards resolving them.

Author: McLovin
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Telephone staff need to be considerate that a lot of the people are phoning in as they are worried and have health issues, and not to respond with bluntness and rudeness, and to instead do their job and provide assistance, help, and advice

Author: Home on The Hook
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Home on The Hook8 months ago

Author: Laurent Lambert
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The catastrophic failures of this practice are directly contributing to heightened rates of morbidity of the local community. Our family personal experiences have not been limited to a fundamentally flawed appointment booking system contributing to unnecessary, avoidable, and life limiting delays, but also gross incompetence of the reception staff and their adminstration of important medical information and results by sitting on test results for months after receipt from the hospital, but also severe professional inadequacy of the doctors informing patients they do not know what to do so will 'Google' for answers. Even a layman with no medical training would understand that the GP plays the pivotal role in granting access to specialist care and referrals based on abnormal test results for further investigation. The linear / narrow minded approach by this surgery serves to meet their practice metrics rather than prioritise patient care or survival. I have never been so appalled to the extent our taxpayer funded medical care has fallen that patients are left abandoned to try and find solutions privately or abroad due to our frontline care failing to meet basic standards.

Author: sarah rice
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In servere pain flare from my Painful Bladder Syndrome. Rang on day to get urgent same dayappointment. But instead of doctor calling me back, the receptionist did telling me had to wait another 2 days. Explained my pain levels and asked for a doctor to ring me back urgently!!

Author: short stuff
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Closed for Easter 2025 4-7 of Aril, not April. and not even Easter weekend. gotta love an Abbey well text message. Glad to see the person writting the texts has a gcse in English. They never answer the phones any way, so why bother sending the texts saying they are closed, we would be none the wiser. You can't book a routine appointment until after 2pm but by 2.30pm all the appointments are booked for the next 2 weeks. So the little automated man tells you to "call back the next working day". You can't imagine how chuffed I am I pay my taxes 😅 5/4/2025 As I can't reply to your response, I actually did think this easter closing text message we had all recieved was a mistake, so I tried to call to book in a routine appointment with a nurse not a doctor. I was number 1 in the queue for over 25 minutes, where i wasnt offered a call back option, which i would have opted for. so I find it very odd that there was nobody available to answer my call but someone available to respond to my review. 🤷🏻‍♀️
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
Apologies for the miscommunication but we are open today Friday 4th April and Monday 7th April. Like most GP surgeries, we are closed for the Easter bank holiday weekend from Good Friday (April 18th) to Easter Monday (April 21st). We are sorry you are experiencing difficulty getting through on the phones. Our phone data showed that 9820 phone calls were answered during the month of January, with an average waiting time of 2 minutes and 34 seconds. We have since had a phone system upgrade at the beginning of March, with a callback option - meaning that you don't have to wait in a queue. In England, the current number of patients per GP is 2260, compared to 1739 in 2014. We are always looking to increase our capacity to offer routine appointments, and do the best we can with the resources we have available to us.

Author: Be Blest
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Always terrible - cannot get through to speak to anyone, cannot get appointments, have to jump through so many hoops, admin are incapable of getting basics right. Had various misdiagnosed family members over the years and just so frustrating that they are still able to operate in the way they do! It's a shame it is so badly run as there are some very nice doctors there - the management are the issue!

Author: Jeannette Allen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Have left the surgery, as feel we have no option. The appointment system is not fit for purpose, & the whole patient experience for us has been frustrating. Whether trying to get through on phone, having to wait 2 weeks for routine appointments, without checking if anything available before. The list is long!! Clinicians have always been professional & helpful, but trying to see one is a different matter.

Author: Colin Sutcliffe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Ludicrous decision to change Nightingales function from what it was before. Abbeywell can't cope (l really feel for staff there) weeks for an appointment and staff always sick so cancellations. Hire more staff and reopen Nightingale - Romsey is still being built on not getting smaller! Hire more people and reopen both as was please.
