Practice: THE CLANFIELD PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82147
Postcode: PO8 0QL
Google Maps title: The Clanfield Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Clanfield+Practice/@50.9356423,-1.0031566,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487446bd2ef06597:0xf583a398374d288f!8m2!3d50.9356389!4d-1.0005763!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tksmtw3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82147-the-clanfield-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicky Curtis
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
Came to the surgery on the 17th for a blood test with my daughter to find that the reception is now on the waiting room which is not ideal for patients to talk about private confidential things .also while we are waiting food is being put on a table on the waiting room as they have training this should of waited untill all patients have gone One good thing was the nurse Samantha perman who did the blood test was very professional to my daughter who was nervous .she took her time and was very good and reassuring

Author: Nalini Watts
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Service declined drastically over the years.

Author: Carolyn Liddiard
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Carolyn Liddiard4 reviews3 months ago

Author: Faye
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Faye3 months ago

Author: Allison Moon
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve always had excellent care from Clanfield Surgery and we feel incredibly lucky to have such a great practice locally. It’s always been quick and easy to get appointments with doctors, including face-to-face when needed, which feels reassuring compared to the very poor experiences of family and friends in nearby towns. The team provides a consistently efficient, caring and supportive service - all while working under huge pressures. Thank you to the whole team! 🙏

Author: Elin R
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had some truly shocking experiences at this practice in the last decade, to the point where I need therapy to deal with it. If you’re a woman they’re shockingly out of date with current research and treatments. Didn’t have a period for over one year many years ago, and was told you don’t really need one, despite guidance saying your period should be induced as you risk endometrial cancer otherwise. Had some tests done, but they referred me for the wrong type of ultrasound so the cysts on my ovaries weren’t picked up. Blood tests showed abnormal levels of certain hormones, and according to the Rotterdam criteria they had all they needed to diagnose me with PCOS. However, a certain GP who’s now retired lied to my face when I asked about the blood test results and told me they are normal, to just go on the pill to induce my period, despite me saying I can’t go on the pill due to the side effects and despite there being other ways to induce a period, and to come back when I want to have a baby. I didn’t find out about this until over ten years later, when I first looked at my records online. I believed for over a decade that I was healthy, but I wasn’t. Fast forward and I go back to them for the same issues, and now I get my diagnosis. But I get no offer of any treatment such as metformin, despite this being a fairly established treatment for PCOS. I get no referral for a face to face appointment with a gynaecologist or endocrinologist to discuss treatments and how I should manage my symptoms. I finally got a metformin prescription, but that’s only because the fertility specialist I saw recommended it to my GP. Again, metformin is not just to help fertility, it’s also to help various PCOS symptoms. I’m sad that even 10 years after being fobbed off and lied to I’m still treated as an incubator and like my symptoms aren’t worth treating for my own sake and health, my only value apparently lies in having babies, it’s only then it’s worth treating. Additionally, they aren’t following the NICE guidelines regarding inducing periods and offering OGTT to PCOS patients. Also had symptoms of adenomyosis and endometriosis but only got an IBS diagnosis instead. Again, it’s only thanks to the fertility specialist that I now have a laparoscopy coming up to finally investigate whether I have these conditions or not. Not just for fertility reasons but for my own wellbeing. Other than this I’ve had multiple other bad experience with this practice. Receptionists refusing to offer me appointments for potentially serious conditions including when I had light sensitivity and blurred vision, being prescribed medications incompatible with other medications and medical conditions I take and have, being gaslighted and being fobbed off ad infinitum. I can literally print the NICE guidelines and clinical studies and take with me backing up my claims and why I need certain referrals and treatments, and I’m still fobbed off. My clinical records are full of factual errors as well, and when I request them to change them I’m ignored. Tried to complain but got nowhere, didn’t even get an apology. My advice to any poor soul who ends up seeking treatment here is to record what’s said at all appointments and all phone calls to the receptionist. The staff at this practice repeatedly acts as if I’m lying about what truly happened, and you might need proof as they never believe what you say. If you’re denied treatment or referral, ask them to make a note in your records that they denied you and why. And lastly, just avoid being poor so that you can seek proper care privately. Ironically, despite this taking the pressure of the practice and the NHS in general, the staff at this practice appears to dislike it when patients go private, I guess they just want you to be miserable and under their power and control.

Author: Lee Gallacher
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently moved to the area and really impressed with the surgery staff. Admittedly the building looks like it's having some refurb work and dated, but that's not what I am worried about in a Doctor's surgery. At first I was a bit worried about the econsult system. But having used it and now seen multiple staff, paramedics, nurses and a doctor. They have all been fantasticly caring and professional. Louisa the nurse got the measure of me straight away and as a result I have huge respect for her and the paramedic team. Reception staff are friendly, supportive and caring too.

Author: Jamie Mackie
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poorly managed. Simple appointments take weeks longer to get booked in than other much busier clinics.

Author: Anna Harris
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception staff are utterly exceptional. They really try to help and work hard for the patients and are successful in what they do. The flu clinic at the Sports Centre today was extremely well managed. The doctors are also great! Thank you to all!!

Author: Kayleigh Elise
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Today I witnessed something which truly disgusted me. This evening, a man was in the middle of the road outside budgens and was bleeding from his head. There was a few people helping him including the regular pharmacist at rowlands pharmacy- who had rushed outside to see if she could help, which she did. A lady came in to your surgery and asked if there was a doctor, paramedic or nurse who could attend to the man, who was not even a 30 second walk away in the middle of the road. Now you would expect any decent doctor to do the right thing and attend the scene (especially as I work in a local establishment and regularly hear how lazy and useless the clanfield doctors are) but no, this lady was told by your surgery that you are ‘not an emergency service’. Disgusting. The General Medical Council clearly states that a doctor must offer help when off-duty, if an emergency arises, yet your doctors and staff couldn’t even be bothered to attend when on duty!! This may seem like an over reaction to a small situation however I am simply appalled. The only information you were given was that there was a man bleeding from his head in the middle of the road. That should have sent alarm bells ringing, you had no idea what had happened to him. The ambulance took 15 minutes to get to him, the whole time he was lying in the road. What if he had been stabbed? What if he had been involved in a car accident? I am 100% certain that your doctors and medical professionals are more equipped to preserve a life than any randomer in the street. Whoever dismissed this incident, whether it have been a receptionist or a medical professional- should be disgusted with themselves.
