Practice: NORTH BADDESLEY SURGERY
Canonical code: J82121
Postcode: SO52 9EP
Google Maps title: North Baddesley Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/North+Baddesley+Surgery/@50.974427,-1.4387518,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487474e20e14ac5f:0xc083ddd9c821169e!8m2!3d50.9744237!4d-1.4361715!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pt_ym3qv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82121-north-baddesley-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anders McCormack
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Unprofessional and rude. If you have a complete loss of sensation in your hand, they won't even refer you for a nerve conduction survey. A complete loss of sensation in the hand is perfectly fine, according to this lot, if you can still move your hand. They will do whatever they can to not refer you.

Author: John Martin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had appointment with Dr holroyd today. Really helpful and understanding. Went out feeling 😌 very pleased with what was put in place for me Ty. …

Author: Denise
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The young woman on reception, listen to me and then acted quickly and efficiently to rectify my request. She was polite, professional and very friendly.

Author: David Harris
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Edit: following the below, after waiting another month with no support, I have changed to a different GP Surgery. Appalling. I have been with this practice for years, and they are sadly at a significant low point. I have been arbitrarily assigned to a GP who I have never met, and who seems to prioritise time away from the practice over my mental wellbeing. I have been desperately self managing support for diagnosis for ADHD, which has been having a significant impact on my mental wellbeing, and have frequently told that my requests are "not urgent", and that they will be "seen to in the coming weeks" and at no point have I been asked how I'm feeling or what impact this is having on my life. I am locked from non-NHS support behind GP referral - I requested a simple referral a full calendar month ago, have chased twice, and have now had to request that my referral be sent to another GP to handle because my GP has "been away" which is a line I've heard at least twice before in the past 4 months. Am I to believe that this GP has had at least 5 weeks out of the past 20 off of work? If so, why am I solely reliant on them for help when I've never met them? Some of the reception staff have been perfectly polite, but others quite rude and dismissive. They ask us to be polite and not abusive, which is more than fair, but at least extend to us the same courtesy.

Author: Pip
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had to remove my old review from 2021 that sang their praises. Absolutely diabolical service now. I've tried to ring on four occasions and been unable to get through, or told appointments are only available for booking on a Wednesday morning. But when I've rung on a Wednesday, I've been told there's no appointments left and try again next week. Thank God I have private medical insurance or else I genuinely don't know if I'd still be here. Heart-breaking to see this surgery go so downhill, especially when I desperately needed support with my mental health.

Author: maxi jocsing
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible, rude, unhelpful reception staff. The management is asking people to not be abusive however i felt like the reception staff are challenging people to be abusive therefore they are the victims. My family and I have had many horrible experiences in this surgery but this is the first time i have written a review. Horrible people working in this surgery, if they can’t handle request or inquiries they should find another job that requires horrible people.

Author: Paul Groundwell
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute shambles and a disgrace to the NHS, the whole surgery should be put onto special measures and thier apaling appointment booking process be investigated further by an independent body. Makes my blood boil to think that mine and "yours" hard earned tax is funding this abomination.

Author: Affan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I will certainly exclude one or two specialist GPs who are polite and knowledgeable from this review. The ANP that saw my child in December 2024 was one of the rudest person I had ever met within this community. A junior doctor saw my child sent her back labelling her illness as viral missing out a vital sign of bacterial infection. My child still suffering from fever was rushed to A&E the next day, got given antibiotics, and guess what, literally the first dose got her temperature back to normal! This is the second time a junior (in-training) doctor has delayed response to an infection that a specialist Dr would've avoided.

Author: Leah Thorne
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst practices I have come across , it’s near on impossible to get an appointment. All you get is call at 10 or 2 for an appointment to be told there at no appointments even for a routine one in 2 weeks time . Then magically an appointment will appear

Author: Helen Winwood
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Physically went to the surgery to make an appointment for an eye infection, the receptionist blocked any access to a doctor and directed me to an eye contact within the NHS, consequently my eye infection got much worse as I was not given the antibiotics I needed, thanks North Baddesley surgery for weeks of unnecessary misery!
