Practice: HART HEALTH PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: J82110
Postcode: GU51 4PE
Google Maps title: Hart Health Partnership
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 134
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hart+Health+Partnership/@51.2882944,-0.8511572,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48742bdf07d5a223:0x6b4ed8bfc2b31a93!8m2!3d51.2882911!4d-0.8485769!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdjwgmn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82110-hart-health-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Peter Edwards
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Steve Cardwell, Practice Business Manager, may want to consider spending less time crafting defensive responses to patient feedback/suggestions and investing his time instead in getting the practice in much better shape to actually support the community and its patients. 1 ⭐️ is 1 ⭐️ too many.

Author: Nigel Vince
Date: Edited 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. Most unhelpful.

Author: Cathy Vince
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dreadful.

Author: Ryan Gladwell
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Moved to fleet a year ago and only switched doctors in the last 4-6 months and what can I say other than they seem like they couldnt care less. You send in an online form asking for help and get a text replying saying look online. Impossible to actually see a doctor and get help.

Author: Stan Howe
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery has today cancelled my wife's appointment without informing her at very short notice. This appointment had been in place for a month.When she made contact she was met with a negative none patient focused attitude. I went to the surgery and was met with the same, staff unhelpful, no medical staff willing to make one telephone appointment that was cancelled by them in the first place. She was told 16 mins after the surgery closed that they had no capacity to help. Sixteen minutes in which the telephone appointment could have been fulfilled Told the usual call 111, go to A&E rhetoric. The partnership is passing the buck unwilling to spent time helping one patient whose appointment was cancelled by them, they didn't tell the patient then was unwilling to rectify another one of their errors. Absolute disgraceful service illustrating that this part of the national organisation has done nothing today to help my wife's health and provided no service.

Author: Jessica Sketchley
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Was absolutely dismayed earlier this week to witness an elderly gentleman being turned away at reception, having made the journey into the surgery to book an appointment. He was told that he had to make the appointment over the phone or online, despite being physically in the building. It’s hard enough trying to get an appointment for those of us tech savvy enough to navigate a smart phone, but to see a pensioner being denied face-to-face assistance absolutely broke my heart and I sincerely hope they will rethink this booking policy. Abysmal practice for any type of service let alone for something so important as healthcare.

Author: Ryan Bolton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful good surgery i recommend them I was with ritchmond surgery and the were absolutely disgraceful

Author: Madeleine Peregrine
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered at Brankenwood Surgery for 6 years, over the past 5 years support has effectively disappeared. Despite repeated requests through telephone consultations, online triage forms, emails, and calls to reception, I have been unable to obtain a face‑to‑face appointment with my GP. I have since learned that face‑to‑face appointments are extremely limited: They dont routinely offer them, and access is largely at the GP’s discretion. For a patient with a history of cancer, mental health conditions and ADHD but no official diagnosis and surgical menopause who requires regular review, this approach makes meaningful care almost impossible. I am extremely anxious . I live with chronic pain, severe fatigue, and declining cognitive health that has significantly worsened since Covid. Leaving the house is difficult. Advocating for myself is exhausting, I have repeatedly been dismissed via brief telephone calls and generic responses. I have requested multiple times via triage for any GP to review my full medical record and consultant letters. These requests were either ignored, deflected, or met with links to generic information about my conditions.For someone that struggles to fill in forms especially online and on a small phone it’s impossible. I get invites for a free NHS health check? But I can’t get to see or speak to a GP. WHAT ARE THEY GETTING PAID FOR? Trying to fight for basic medical care while mentally unwell, exhausted, and in pain — and being met repeatedly with indifference — is dehumanising. The emotional toll of feeling invisible, unheard, and unworthy of care is immense. What is most distressing is the complete absence of compassion throughout this process. This is not just my experience. There are many vulnerable patients with chronic and complex conditions who cannot navigate this system and who are quietly deteriorating as a result. I am now looking to leave the practice, not because I want to, but because I have no confidence that I will ever receive appropriate care here however all GP surgeries have around the same 2.5 star rating . I would not recommend HartHealth Surgery to anyone who requires consistent, compassionate medical support. I hope this review prompts genuine reflection, because no patient should be left feeling this abandoned by the very service meant to care for them.

Author: Rina x
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rina xLocal Guide · 41 reviews · 77 photos2 months ago

Author: Lola Grace
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a really positive experience registering temporarily at this surgery and being seen for a semi-urgent issue. Saw an incredible doctor who was spot on, reassuring and took me seriously. Very impressed!
