Practice: TESTVALE SURGERY
Canonical code: J82132
Postcode: SO40 3PY
Google Maps title: Testvale Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 50
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Testvale+Surgery/@50.9198149,-1.4931151,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48747600802203a9:0xefee1dddc93bf4f6!8m2!3d50.9198115!4d-1.4905348!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v6p3rpg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82132-testvale-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: rob weaver
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Awful patient care been told to wait another two weeks even though I've been getting worse on my chest ,sinusitis and throat and post nasal drip for 6 to 7 weeks yet still no urgency from them for my needs and no referral done to ent yet by a certain doctor .they also are bad for calling at 8 am and it says sorry have to try again later message all the time it's like they say 8 am but it's 8.20 by the time you get in the queue there is one lady in reception that is always polite and that reason I'm putting another star on my review but other than that not a great surgery

Author: Jeremy Arnold
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Back in May, I was taken to hospital, where they thought I had a bleed on the brain. Luckily it wasn't. I was told, I had a perforated ear drum that would heal, and my hearing would get back to normal. I'm now deaf in my right ear. Twice, I've been to Testvale Surgery, including this morning, only to be told, you'll have to wait eight months, to be looked at. I'm in serious pain, and its affecting my health. I'm appalled at the attitude of Testvale Surgery.

Author: Mr. S
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Their organisation skills are terrible. Received a text to confirm flu vac but then another one to say do nothing will be in contact only to discover all booked up at the same time my medication has gone on walk about to a pharmacy that I often cannot get to. On the off chance also told that a GP wants to see me regarding test results if I had not of asked I would never of known. This is not patient care as it should be. If it was a private company I would never use them again but I like every one else have no choice but to put up with this rubbish service.

Author: C Xoxo
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Once an excellent surgery with great patient care, this surgery sadly no longer offers an acceptable level of service. The attitude of a lot of the staff is poor and there appears to me to be a real lack of care for their patients.

Author: cecil Haines
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Just came to the front desk, two ladies sat doing what they do, stood for a bit, one glanced at me and without a word carried on with what she was doing, the other other finally noticed me , wait a moment, waited and waited, she then got up and disappeared, I then gave up

Author: Sophie Dewell
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The most poorly run surgery ive come across. The lack of communication. The lack of care and understanding for patients. The lack of chasing things up. The lack of standard is disgusting. Yet again another family member in hospital because of the absolute imbeciles that "work" here. The place is a joke. We will be moving. The place should be SHUT DOWN!!!!

Author: cor
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely displeased. If I could do negative star reviews, I would. My girlfriend has quite a severe case of iron deficiency. This place has failed to supply her with more prescription tablets for over a month now. Extremely disappointing and not a good look on British healthcare. I am absolutely ridiculed by the speed that it takes to simply get some iron tablets. Be ashamed of yourself.

Author: Sully3750
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Testvale Surgery is a well organised, efficiently run surgery. I can get an appointment when I need one. The staff are friendly and helpful. Very good service.

Author: Louise Black
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was promised a call back. A week later still nothing. Tried to call between 8-830am twice they disconnected after 45 mins I gave up and went to A&E at Southampton general hospital. Diagnosed with vertigo but unfortunately no earwax removal it’s not free and I don’t have £60 to get it done so I’m stuck with being dizzy and constantly falling over. Rubbish surgery

Author: Retreiver Dog
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been fortunate enough to have been a patient of this surgery when it was run efficiently. The management had a common sence approach and patient care was at the heart of everything they stood for. Sadly this is no longer the case and patients are treated as an inconvience. The appointment system is dsysfunctional at best and the reception staff have been instructed to avaid giving an appointment as apparently the Doctors are busy or not available. The tag line is "There are no appointments call back next week" this is repeated on a weekly basis. It is fair to say the NHS is broken, unfortunately our once very good surgery has declined to a point where it also is broken and I fear there is no way back.
