Practice: THE BORDER PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82142
Postcode: GU12 4DN
Google Maps title: The Border Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 166
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Border+Practice/@51.2414416,-0.7434615,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4875d33602291527:0x19ac6b930a6132d7!8m2!3d51.2414383!4d-0.7408812!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thq05gr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82142-the-border-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Wendy Halling
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionists are always seem to be willing to help. Theyre friendly on the phone and in person considering the amount of people they have to deal with

Author: John Donnison
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Just phoned for an appointment to see a doctor. First thing I was told was April bookings have not yet been released. I asked if there was any other dates before then seeing we are only mid March and was told there isn't any. At this point I told her my issue which is causing me pain and discomfort and she replied that I didnt tell her this at the start of the call!! I wasn't asked, she was only interested in telling me there is no appointments. I was advised to go to A&E. This is not an emergency but should be a condition that my doctor at my surgery shoukd deal with. Disgusted with the attitude of the receptionist and this isn't unusual for receptionists there to be like this. Really is appalling the way you get spoken to and will be making a complaint as I have had to before. Wish I could change doctors as my wife gets such good treatment at her doctor surgery.

Author: Sharon Davidge
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have received excellent service from Rosemary in Reception and Dr Sahajpal when obtaining a Respect form. The appointment was given the next day on Friday and the form ready for collection the following Monday. They are there when needed. No rudeness or abrupt manners present at any time in my dealings with them.

Author: Clare Smith
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I honestly don’t think you could find a worse practice than this one, doesn’t matter how long you’ve been in pain or how bad the pain is, physio is the only thing they suggest. You then can’t make an appointment for physio as the calendars are not open.

Author: Amy Smith
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If you’ve got a long term health condition and you are unlucky enough to be at this practice then god help you, that’s all I’m saying

Author: Lyn Downes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lyn Downes2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Jawairia Ahmad
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
We had travel immunisations booked for our 2-year-old two weeks before our departure. The appointment was cancelled by the practice without notifying us. I rearranged my entire day to attend, only to be told on arrival that it had been cancelled because the vaccine fridge had broken. I was then told I’d been sent a text. When I said I hadn’t received one, I was laughed at and told I must not have checked properly. After asking her to actually check, it turned out no text was ever sent. No apology. This has caused major inconvenience — we now can’t even book private travel immunisations as everything is booked up until after our flight. When I asked to rebook, I was told there was nothing available and that I’d have to wait for next month’s diary to open. Completely unacceptable handling of a child’s medical care, poor communication, and a dismissive attitude throughout. Don’t register here if you truly care about the health of you and your children.

Author: Haylee Shand
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I honestly can't fault boarder practice, been here 20 years. they go above and beyond. I walked in today as wanted bloods done as iv been having pulpatations for 24 hours (Ecg already done) , reception were so helpful, nurse sharn came out to speak to me and booked me straight in for bloods there and then. Thanks for your support x

Author: Carl White
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm a vulnerable patient, I've got metal plates and drill holes in my head, brian surgery, I've got complex PTSD severe anxiety etc etc, last time I came to see my nurse it was horrible, she insisted in taking my blood whilst I was standing up, , INR, I got thrombophilia, and then she put good compliance, when it's not, so the printout I got is wrong, I'm in danger, last Tuesday, my blood was 1.6, I've got a big chance of having a never brain clot, after the nurse took my blood standing up, she told me to get out the back door, I came home and fell so bad, it was horrible, triggered my mental illnesses horrendously, I have been trying and trying to get a message to the nurse so she can put, bad compliance, and that I missed two tablets over Christmas, because I was bleeding, they just ignore me, the printout she gave me is wrong, it's deadly she should not put good compliance, I don't understand, I told her I was bleeding over Christmas, that place is dangerous,.

Author: Phil Davis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful practice, you can never get an appointment. They don't seem to care about if you can.
