Practice: HILL LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: J82207
Postcode: SO15 5DD
Google Maps title: Hill Lane Doctors Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 74
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hill+Lane+Doctors+Surgery/@50.917033,-1.4181806,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487477cd8ea1c247:0x73084cb443cc2a29!8m2!3d50.9170296!4d-1.4156003!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h18tf7b0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82207-hill-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Robert Orr
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Just useless would rather walk into a pharmacy

Author: Gerry Moore
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gerry MooreLocal Guide · 82 reviews · 243 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: R B
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception 5* Internal System 5* GP, the one I saw last time, 0* - absolutely awful, -Taking full pride in not listening to people and their issues - Accusing people for taking advantage of the system (NHS) - As per her, most problems are just too small to be treated by a GP/NHS/HER. - People should sort themselves out with some medication over the counter, it is dead easy. - Unless people bleed heavily, they should not bother NHS. Kudos to her for sending people away and let them suffer mentally as well as physically. Let people keep accumulating their issues to e finally resolved by a proper GP.

Author: Shamisa Daneshmand
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
And again ! Waste of time ! I called. Yesterday to get an appointment or an advice ! The receptions are rude ! They interrupt you when you to explain ! They could’ve heard my voice how bad. It was and asked me to call at 1:30pm! Which I did I did ask for telephone appointment but asked to go to surgery at 5:00pm! Remembered when I had an emergency appointment forbECG from 999 made for me and I arrived 7min late cause of trafgice for the first time nthey didn’t see me even though I should be the priority for my health issue ! Yesterday i was there 10 min early ! They’ve called everyone and as explained my situation with bone pain, sore throats and voices gone shivering and … haven’t called me till 5:10 do I left ! Then they’ve called you had an appointment ! Oh really! When you can’t be on time and you expect pc to wait with their situation for 30 min don’t you dare giving them face to face appointment ! I’ve had the worst experience with this surgery !They don’t care at all ! It’s better to think how to be able to organise ne manage time when people have more issues not telling them off if there’s time you can talk about your other issues !! It’s a disaster

Author: Cael
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Cael5 reviews · 2 photosa month ago

Author: Katie Saunders
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling. Bloods taken at hospital not checked. Doctors need retraining. Don't bother unless you only have simple issues. Collapsed in this surgery reception. Vomited blood. Sent home by taxi. I paid for. Hospital days after. Anaemia flagged by a paramedic as the hospital doctor didn't tell me blood results. It isn't rocket science that if someone vomits blood in a surgery. They need hospital. I suggest finding another surgery as I am being failed on every level and am also autistic and had to order iron tablets on amazon. A known issue. Because bloods at the surgery didn't show anaemia but hospital ones did and a paramedic showed me the results. Useless surgery and receptionists are lacking in empathy. Not everyone is well enough or able enough to call at 8am to try and get help. Especially when having blood in vomit and stools. Avoid this surgery if you have complex issues. They mainly feel with the basics. That is all.

Author: Lou Greenfield
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
I would have given them 5 stars as they’ve been brilliant. However they recently moved to an e consult system and this is making things significantly more complex. There are conditions that don’t even come up in the e consult, which means the only way to move forward is to pick the most benign related thing you can think of and then say “I don’t have this, please don’t code this on my record” in the next box. Silly, really and could lead to costly errors.

Author: Iryna Aphonina
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have only the best experience of communication and treatment at your surgery. Always very friendly receptionists, excellent service, minimal waiting time. Special thanks to Dr Harriet Quast for her professionalism, attention to detail and her love for people, which shines through in every appointment. I was lucky to have such an incredible doctor like you.

Author: Vanessa Dyson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service. Always given an appointment either on the day or the next working day.

Author: Shamisa Daneshmand
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They don’t care at all., never on time. Always have to wait for half a hour to be seen and as I’ve had an emergency ECG which I’ve arrive 10 minutes late as they didn’t take me in because they said I missed my appointment ! I couldn’t breath and I had anxiety and panic attacks and they didn’t see me and asked me to go back on Monday for it ! It’s ridiculous as I’ve been called ambulance a week ago and they knew it . Awful and careless .
