Practice: SOLENT VIEW MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: J82215
Postcode: PO13 9JG
Google Maps title: Solent View Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 102
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Solent+View+Medical+Practice/@50.8027093,-1.2042291,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48746679091801db:0xc5f33de212f9fb02!8m2!3d50.8027059!4d-1.2016488!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfzg6wr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82215-solent-view-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Elizabeth Waters
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
Crying all night. Never sleep again. They won’t stop teeth grinding. Dentist won’t either. Whacking head all night. Concussion. Knocked self out. Accused me of shouting when I only increase my voice (talking volume) when cry or trying not to cry. They think it’s the same as shouting. Won’t remove their incorrect opinions on my medical records and won’t add my own opinion onto it even though I’m stating the truth. Complaint service said they have to add my opinion but won’t. Only did once. Won’t add rest. The Gp isn’t on my side for feet deformity. They believe lies from corrupted hospital Queen Alexandra Hospital despite me showing evidence my feet has changed shape by showing old and new pictures of before and after of when feet deformed. Them and hospital making it out to be a mental health issue. The feet being deformed is causing the mental health issue not the other way around. Big toe deformed on both. Side of feet on both is deformed making little toe only on left foot go backwards and inwards. But as isn’t deformed on x ray they think I’m lying. It can change shape the bone even if not classified as deformed. I studied bone structure/anatomy at uni and got a 1st. Below is one reason of many why might not show up on x ray: Foot bones to change their functional position or for soft tissue to adapt to poor footwear, resulting in pain and structural alignment changes that do not show up as an obvious "deformity" on a standard, non-weightbearing X-ray. Or when the deformity is early on it doesn’t always show straight away on a X-ray. How the website is set up I preferred the old style as was more straight forward how to use and less over crowded on the page. Harder to navigate on the page.

Author: Erin
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Couldn’t recommend this GP surgery enough, they are absolutely amazing - especially Dr Clarke who has helped me immensely!

Author: Kevin Clarke
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kevin Clarke2 reviewsa month ago

Author: mark Jones
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Surgery is OK. Trying to do anything online is a pisstake.

Author: Clair Wilkins
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I spoke with Vicky today at the practice and she was absolutely wonderful. Kind, efficient and extremely helpful and knowledgeable. I’d have absolutely no problem with recommending this practice if you’re thinking about choosing a GP. Thank you Vicky 🌟 …

Author: Paula Turner
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Again, I have just done an e-consult which was excellent. I completed the e-consult this morning, had a confirmation text within half an hour and a phone call from a doctor this afternoon. I had a good ten-minute discussion about the issue, received advice and details of future management of it. Excellent service, 100% happy with the service received and the surgery.

Author: Kay Wilkinson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I know this surgery has come under fire , along with the NHS but as a family we wanted to thank everyone at Solent View for the care, understanding and patience of my parents wellbeing. They are in their 80s, and it is mainly my mum who has been quite poorly this year. . There has most definitely been an improvement in the all round care and we feel it is important to balance this along with the negative we hear. I would also like to personally thank Dr Clarke for her professional, friendly, kind help to me in a few challenging issues I have had this year. Kay Wilkinson

Author: Kevin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always kind professional and attentive

Author: Amber Horton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give negative stars I would abslute waste of time even trying to get an appointment didn't even get to speak to a doctor or a nurse just sent a message to go to a pharmacy this place is a joke. I have a chest infection thats just getting worse and had done for 3 weeks. It's ok I'll just slowly die over here thanks

Author: Steve Webb
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Steve WebbLocal Guide · 84 reviews · 33 photos5 months ago
