Practice: CRONDALL NEW SURGERY
Canonical code: J82628
Postcode: GU10 5RF
Google Maps title: Crondall New Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 50
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Crondall+New+Surgery/@51.2370191,-0.8602023,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48742e964d38ba5d:0xf3eaaa568f914813!8m2!3d51.2370158!4d-0.857622!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf4dhg2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J82628-crondall-new-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Charlotte Chapman
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Shanahan was so kind and compassionate and I just wanted to thank her for that. I felt so valued and listened to which hasn't always been the case with medical appointments and it was extremely refreshing to have that experience. Our NHS is full to extremely hard working, kind people and Dr Shanahan was an amazing example of that today. I had my antibiotics prescribed and picked up within ten minutes so was extremely efficient so thanks again.

Author: Alexandra Cook
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alexandra Cook1 reviewa month ago

Author: Lewes Padfield
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had my first visit to the surgery today and I have to say my experience was flawless. The entire process and procedure was the best I have ever experienced. Thank you Sister Alex Cook!

Author: Alex Lambeek
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I'm new to the surgery, Nd was able to get an appointment immediately, and hour after contacting the surgery. Impressive. Friendly pharmacists and good doctor.

Author: Ant Stephens
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
This surgery used to be amazing. Just like many now you struggle to get appointments in a reasonable time frame. The reception staff are quite often very blunt and rude. Not what you want when you are discussing personal issues or health problems. Such a shame it has gone down hill.

Author: bella m
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If i could do 0 stars i would. Receptionist is awfully rude and disrespectful. Very argumentative and unwilling to help when its regarding my mental health. I went to my appointment when i got turned away by the receptionist because apparently it was a phone call rather than face to face. I insisted it was face to face but she wasn’t having it and turned me away. I get home and the Dr calls me apologising because it was indeed face to face. The appointment was very important and i had been waiting for it, just to be turned away. Very unhelpful, terribly disappointed.

Author: Renee Temple
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling lately. The reception staff are very rude the doctors are fab.Trying to make an urgent appointment for my daughter as the dr requested but reception said no. Off to A&e we go.

Author: G K
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient at this surgery for over 2 decades. I’ve never had any problems with any of the doctors or nurses as they’re generally very caring and helpful, but have to say the reception team are awful! The main receptionist is rude, uncaring and argumentative! I don’t want to book an appointment through her after I’ve had a few upsetting incidents with her purposely being incompetent and difficult. I expressed my bad experiences with her Manager & instead of addressing this woman’s conduct, she told me I could register elsewhere!! Unbelievable!

Author: วรรธณะ ชัยสงค์
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have to use my son account to post this because i don,t have google account 10.30am 8/8/2025 you can check your record who you was talk to on the phone Spoke to reception of this sugery i never ever see anyone in this world soooo rude and can get this kind of job i have been see some nurse and doctor everyone nice helpefull kind but before you can see those nice people you have to talk to most rude reception in this world i never ever see feel sorry for who have to call this sugery when you not well and b need help but there is no help at all with receptionest ,please don,t say you never reconise my name as i told you i use my son account but i am sure you remember you was talking to me on the phone So disappoint with reception who working for nhs and earning mkney from our tax...i don,t even want to give 1 star for reception

Author: Richard Marston
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This morning, i received a text message asking me to contact the surgery to arrange a phone call with the doctor regarding a health issue which has been going on for a couple of weeks now. I have already had one phone call with the dr within 24 hrs of my online submission. I called and was told by the lady that the next appointment to SPEAK to the Dr was August 12th! absolutely ridiculous service. I am pretty speechless!
