Practice: NEW COURT SURGERY
Canonical code: J83055
Postcode: SN4 7AX
Google Maps title: New Court Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 84
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/New+Court+Surgery/@51.543563,-1.9077756,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871427d68666225:0x3e82e6a094f8a267!8m2!3d51.5435597!4d-1.9051953!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj520wc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83055-new-court-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kate Crutcher
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Gp's, and all the staff have always been kind, caring and conciderate. Thank you.

Author: Louise Woodhouse
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
As we all know its so difficult to get an appointment at the surgery, you end up calling a ridiculous number of times, finally get through only to be told the appointments are gone and that you should have called at 8am. Obviously you've been doing that for several days at this point! My recent experience is having to wait 3 weeks for a phone call appointment, which was from a doctor. When the doctor called and I explained my issue he said it wasn't his area of expertise and booked me another phone appointment for a further 12 days time. I don't think waiting almost 5 weeks to discuss my issue is an acceptable standard of service.

Author: Sarah Small
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sarah SmallLocal Guide · 13 reviews · 76 photosEdited 6 months ago

Author: Karen Fox
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The surgery is always very supportive/helpful to me and my family. I would recommend this surgery

Author: Valerie Ross
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Apalling system of obtaining an appointment. Phone at 8 am. haha you will be lucky to get through. I can understand the system to phone first thing in the morning for an appointment on that day if there is one available. But the curious one is; I am told that we all must phone on Monday 's for all appointments during the week. So, if on Wednesday I need to see a Doctor it's a no go situation; either phone each morning at 8 and seldom get any joy. (even if you get through there's no appointments available for about 4 - 6 weeks) or wait until the following Monday and hope you get through before all the bookings are taken. You can't win and it makes no sense. After spending 11 hours at A & E Saturday night, no sleep at all, monitors all night long etc., discharged and instructed to see my doctor for heart medications etc. So Monday, today; I start phone at 8 a.m. at 9.30 I walk to the surgery (walking is very difficult for me). I ask if report from hospital is through and if so I need an appointment to discuss medication and prescription that I apparently need. Ha, ha, ha, its funny if it wast so flipping stressful. I am told, no appointments available. Try tomorrow at 8 a.m. and so the circus will continues. She says she can see the report from the hospital has been received but there is nothing she can do. I tell her any doctor I don't care who. Once again I am told to ring at 8 tomorrow. So I shall get on the phone tomorrow at 8 a.m. and continue with this circus. Dealing with this sort of situation and guidelines laid down by who knows who is just so stressful. I am not blaming the staff, they do what they can within the limits of an uncaring system obviously founded by someone who has no idea of the needs of patients - At 84 I have never ever encountered such a stressful interaction with a doctors surgery. I never use a doctor unless really necessary but been there done that many times with this surgery. My stories are boring but really bad outcomes each time and I have given up and doctored myself or resorted to private consultations at The Ridgeway. This time I can't because it involves my heart. By the way, twice I have managed to get an appointment and not been checked in. Waited patiently for an hour before going back to reception to find out what's happened! Was told "oh dear........ As for the 10 minute rule it is hideous when you see a doctor that you have never met before, so we end up with 3 minutes talk and 7 minutes of typing. One feels so unimportant and at 9 minutes you can see the doc is ready to turf you out - this is not imagination, this is how I have experience appointments during the past year or. so.

Author: Jacqui Simpkins
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery and staff. It has been difficult to get appointments, but this has improved massively recently.

Author: Julie Langdon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I consistently have a great experience at the surgery. It’s never hard to get an appointment and they run seldom run late. The staff are always friendly and helpful.

Author: Anneka Wilkins
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always a friendly welcome from the reception team who are always helpful. People forget that the team cannot magic appointments out of thin air!! I’ve never had anything but a positive experience with all touch points at this surgery and would recommend to anyone looking for a surgery!

Author: Gabrielle Pullin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disappointed in this surgery everytime I’ve rang to get appointment thsg have none keep calling tomorrow I’ve been in so much pain yet they feel the need to say go up to a&e no I want to see my gp I never use the surgery and a couple of times I’ve called you are unable to give appointments! Even for the next day

Author: Ben Miller
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors and nurses are good when you can get seen but there is absolutely 0 consideration given to patients. I have a repeat prescription I am reliant on, the surgery cancelled it because I needed a medication review. They did not tell me this. It just came up on my NHS App when I tried to reorder. I was already low on my meds when this happened. Contacted surgery and they couldn't get a Dr to ring me for A WEEK to conduct the review. A week goes by, I'm told they'd call in the morning but it is 7.30pm and I've had no call despite chasing it up twice with receptionists today. Appauling.
