Practice: MALMESBURY MEDICAL PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: J83041
Postcode: SN16 0FB
Google Maps title: Malmesbury Primary Care Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Malmesbury+Primary+Care+Centre/@51.5777058,-2.0972623,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48716e0bcd095fd9:0x5dc740cb59a45aa1!4m8!3m7!1s0x48716e0bc9a488dd:0xe4f8d2cada0fbd40!8m2!3d51.5777025!4d-2.094682!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfyd06t?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83041-malmesbury-medical-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sharon Hayllar
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely surgery 🥰 …

Author: Gemma Drewett
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gemma Drewett4 reviews2 months ago

Author: Jo Harding
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was asked to attend an appointment by a GP and early in the morning of the day it was booked I received a text message to say the GP was ill and they had rescheduled it with another GP. I waited 25 minutes after the appointment time and when the doctor called me in she snapped, "there is very little time". She said that a power cut had made her late but it happened while I was there and lasted about 1 minute. The doctor was extremely abusive and rude. The consultation was very unsatisfactory, to such an extent I got up and walked out. I am an older person with severe, chronic, health conditions and have never experienced anything like this from a doctor in my life. It would have been better going to the vet. The standards in this practice are below abysmal.

Author: Cotswold Wedding Galleria
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always lovely, 2 Drs were so kind with my 75 year old mum & have been so supportive over the years to my family. (Only once was a Dr not very kind & she was a Spanish visiting Dr around a year or so ago & lacked any empathy dealing with a childs' issue.) Overall, the regular drs are brilliant & I'm very happy. Dr Phillips is brilliant. The female nurses are great too. I'd give 4.5* if I could.

Author: Mad As A Hatter
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Easy to find and quick

Author: Catriona MacGregor
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Five stars seem to be ‘normal’ for many but this team at the Pharmacy are genuinely worthy of the full five stars. They do go beyond what you would hope for and are always so helpful and nothing seems to be too much trouble. A great service and high standard. Thank you!

Author: Ellie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have lived in a few different towns across England and Malmesbury Primary Care Centre is honestly the best doctors I've ever been registered at. The reception staff are polite and attentive, the online appointment system is easy to use and most importantly the doctors I have seen so far have all been approachable, dedicated and knowledgeable. They are professional and really make you feel heard, and have all been inclusive of and educated on LGBTQ+ care too. Of course appointments run late sometimes, but that is a nationwide issue with the NHS. Even given those circumstances, I've never felt rushed or dismissed here like I have at some other surgeries. Lovely, hardworking bunch. 💙

Author: bronwyn langeveldt
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Incredible staff and facilities. So I have been to a fair few GPs all over England, considering I move a lot, and I must say this one is THE BEST. I have been recently diagnosed with server anxiety and panic attacks that came due to life traumas but mostly they came out of no where during my sleep. It all started with tremours. Since changing my GP to Dr Phillips I have had nothing but amazing support. They listen so well. Sally is a great listener and really supportive in guiding me in my next steps and making me feel comfortable. Dr. Phillips is very honest in his practice and helped me in a few decision making (which I asked for) based around real life situations with not having a job and suffering with stress and my heart issues. Sometimes I find doctors just subscribe things and leave you to get on with it. However Dr. Phillips really considers everything at hand. As for Jill! Thank you so much for being there to calm me down when I had my panic attack and I had no where to go. For being so calming and caring and telling me about the spoons theory! Even Kim , did an excellent job taking my blood samples and ECG ! I am normally a fainter and squirm at the thought of needles. Kim was so fast , yet calm and efficient, gave me a chocolate rice cake and off I popped. No more than 10 min. Also the staff behind the pharmacy counter have all been exceptional and on time. I never wait more than two minutes. Always encouraging and validating too. I heard there have been some changes, whatever the changes I so approve and this is the standard that should be set all over England. And in the world in my humble opinion. It's rare of me to leave such a review. But felt it was only right to leave an honest one. I hope you all have a safe and blessed day

Author: Paul Gibson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul GibsonLocal Guide · 36 reviews · 17 photos9 months ago

Author: Ro
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, doctors and receptionists
