Practice: KENNET AND AVON MEDICAL PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: J83037
Postcode: SN8 4BY
Google Maps title: The Marlborough Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Marlborough+Medical+Practice/@51.4178272,-1.7327652,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487159f6265d80c7:0xff5870f867ce5936!8m2!3d51.4178239!4d-1.7301849!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfd1vpz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83037-kennet-and-avon-medical-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Crystal Ken
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It takes at least a month to see a GP here and that's often via the phone. It looks like one GP attends this practice per day and other than that they have "Health & Wellbeing Coaches" 🤷🏼‍♂️ ...I want to see a GP please. The staff are always polite (lots of them compared to the number of GPs though) but as a service overall it's just NOT good enough. *edit - today is the 25th November, the first available appointment is 7th January...and that's a telephone appointment, which is absolutely not suitable for most things. I may as well use ChatGPT instead. Shocking 🤯

Author: Lucy Taplin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very unhelpful and rude at reception

Author: Corlett Novis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hands down the worst GP I’ve personally dealt with yet. They cannot get their story straight on anything and I seriously question the competence of their admin staff. Managed to screw up a test I needed done 3 times in a row, before then telling me to pick up a new test the following day that wasn’t there yet. I have been given incorrect information by admin staff 3 times in the last week, I strongly suggest avoiding this place.

Author: Martin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Lehmkuhl is an excellent physician. I have seen her multiple times for consultations and I’m always impressed by her warmth, knowledge, and clear, decisive approach. She takes the time to listen and explain things thoroughly, which gives great confidence in her care. The reception team are consistently kind, helpful and hardworking. In light of the pressures on the NHS, I think the practice as a whole is doing a great job.

Author: philip hobbs
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The demand is very high. The customers are sick and often grumpy. The staff do very well to stay cheerful and deliver a professional service

Author: Felicity Roberts
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to express my sincere gratitude to Dr Collings at the Kennet & Avon Medical Partnership in Marlborough for the exceptional care and concern she has shown me. She immediately recognised the severity of my condition and has gone above and beyond to make sure I am safe and well. In a time when GPs often receive criticism due to overwhelming workloads and increasing pressures, Dr Collings has been the absolute opposite of that stereotype. She gave me her time, listened attentively, and treated me with genuine respect, compassion, and professionalism. I truly felt heard and supported! I am so grateful for her expertise and her kindness — it made a world of difference during what was a frightening time for me. The Kennet & Avon Medical Partnership should be incredibly proud to have a doctor like Dr Collings on their team. Thank you for the outstanding care.

Author: Sílvia Marques
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sílvia MarquesLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 4 photosEdited 6 months ago

Author: Sarah Mackinnon
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I contacted the dispensary as I had not noticed I needed a review of my meds before being able to order online again. Of course I noticed when I tried to order and I couldn’t ! I phoned up and spoke with a really lovely lady who was particularly kind (despite this being my error) and she sorted out my meds after I managed to have a swift conversation with a clinician. I just wanted to highlight that for me, the dispensary particularly went above and beyond for me, and I massively appreciate it. We have tried using local pharmacies to dispense our meds, some taking more than a week to provide standard medications, Marlborough dispensary seems to manage repeat prescription requests within hours sometimes. Just wanted to say, you’re very much appreciated by us….. Thankyou!

Author: John Bristow
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
My wife went for a GP appointment 2 weeks after being discharged from the medical assessment unit following a minor stroke to check her blood pressure and do a blood test. He had not read the discharge summary which asked for this and booked my wife in for blood tests 3 weeks later. Also the physio from the stroke team read that the GP was due to refer my wife for tests for Parkinson’s This was not brought up and we are now contacting the stroke team at the GWH ward which first discharged her. He also said that my wife was still under the care of the stroke team at the hospital. We rang the ward and they said that was not true. Once discharged with a discharge summary patients are under the care of their GP and should discuss with them what is noted for the GP to follow up

Author: phandarake
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking service from doctors here despite them having a duty of care. I had a case of chronic UTIs and despite seeing doctors more than 5 times about this I was not referred to the urologist till 2 YEARS after the health problem started. I also had a lump on my eye that a doctor told me go away on it's own but it did not go away until 5 YEARS after it appeared. My ex-GP also insisted I did not have ADHD due to that I passed my GSCEs despite me showing multiple signs and put my struggles down to poor attention span (I was diagnosed with ADHD four years after this). I would not trust any doctor here and advise people go elsewhere if they can.
