Practice: ST MELOR HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: J83048
Postcode: SP4 7LT
Google Maps title: St Melor Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Melor+Surgery/@51.171596,-1.7807322,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873e5f6b5656435:0x47daedd9a2d46b92!8m2!3d51.1715927!4d-1.7781519!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc38wscp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83048-st-melor-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anna Velati-Johnston
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The core principles of the NHS are: 'working together for patients, respect and dignity, commitment to quality of care, compassion, improving lives and ensuring everyone counts'. Not one of these principles was adhered to when my colleague attended the surgery yesterday after waiting 3 weeks to get an appointment with Dr. Alison Brown. She was not listened to or reassured and was told to take paracetamol to ease persistent pain stemming from an unexplained lump on her arm. No examination, no referral, no reassuring care. My colleague left in tears, feeling humiliated as Dr. Brown thought it necessary to call on if her colleagues into the office as she insisted my colleague was unable to ' understand ' and needed a translator. I would like to add that my colleague works at UKHSA where she has no problem whatsoever in understanding and being understood and is committed to keeping citizens safe from the spread of infectious diseases. She maintains our core values every day, as do the rest of us. It would be a much kinder world if the people in positions of trust maintained levels of respect and decency for all.

Author: Sedinam Afewu
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, lovely medics and staff (warm receptionists, HCPs, nurses, paramedics etc) who do their absolute best despite the circumstances. Special thanks to Dr Ogechukwu Taiwo, who took her time to follow up on my blood tests and answer my many questions. Also Dr Alison Brown, who escalated my medical case very quickly last year, and ensured I got the treatment I needed. Thank you all, for all you do!

Author: Family Dunne (Voice of Truth 365)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Brown is amazing...top star

Author: Gary Rudkin
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
16 wks left in extreme pain by doctor Brown and doctor Marshall both blaming my anxiety on the pain register at new surgery and straight into hospital and having a CT scan which shows what is wrong both doctors are very incompetent and shouldn't be allowed to practice.Also practice manger is utterly useless make a complaint and cannot deal with it avoid this surgery if you don't want to be left in pain I will be doing everything possible to make sure this goes right to the top and get those 2 doctors struck of through lack on negligence.

Author: Mrs Rob
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this practice for over 50 years. I have never ever had a bad experience with any of the doctors, not that I go very often! If I call they have always answered the phone extremely quickly and I have never had a problem in getting an appointment or advice. All of the staff are friendly and helpful . Thankyou to all the staff!

Author: Malavika Sajeevan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I am deeply disappointed with the care I received over the past year. Despite multiple consultations where I expressed concerns about persistent allergies, suspected deviated septum, sleep disturbances, and other health challenges, I was not referred to a specialist. Instead, I was prescribed medications that provided only temporary relief without addressing the underlying issues. During a recent visit to India, I decided to consult an ENT specialist for a second opinion. Their assessment revealed severe sinusitis that had spread to critical areas, including my skull, eyes, cheeks, and regions around my teeth. A CT scan also confirmed a significant nasal deviation caused by a bony spur. I underwent surgery yesterday to treat the advanced sinusitis and correct the nasal deviation through septoplasty. While I am now recovering, it is upsetting to think that this situation could have been prevented if my concerns had been taken seriously and addressed earlier. This experience has left me disheartened. I trusted the system to provide timely and effective care, but unfortunately, that trust was let down. I hope steps can be taken to improve the diagnostic and referral processes for patients in the future.

Author: Max Wray
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I joined the practice having read the numerous poor reviews, but thought I'd give them the benefit of the doubt as many of those reviews suggested the author had unrealistic expectations. Sadly though, my experience mirrors those reviews. For a long-term relatively minor medical issue, I have been prescribed medication 3 times...and every time it has been done wrong. The lack of attention to detail is astounding, and getting hold of anyone to resolve issues is particularly difficult. It really shouldn't be so challenging to get basic things right... Nov 2024: I've edited the review, giving the surgery 2 more stars than before. This is because of the outstanding service provided by the practice nurses who I need to see every couple of months.

Author: Tracy Adlam
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Tracy Adlama year ago

Author: Mell NIXON
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Previously never had issues, however, the Dr Eastman era is sadly is long gone. Dr Brown appears to have lost connection with the patients and any empathy along with it. We all have our moments I guess, I am saddened to see I'm not alone . Receptionists you are all wonderful and a credit to the surgery.

Author: Sheila lawrence
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sheila lawrence3 reviewsa year ago
