Practice: BRADFORD-ON-AVON AND MELKSHAM HEALTH
Canonical code: J83030
Postcode: BA15 1DQ
Google Maps title: Bradford on Avon Health Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bradford+on+Avon+Health+Centre/@51.3451931,-2.2555832,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48717f32b4eb8f13:0xa6deae5da34231be!8m2!3d51.3451898!4d-2.2530029!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j7vfrtym?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.75
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83030-bradford-on-avon-and-melksham-health.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Pete
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
PeteLocal Guide · 30 reviews · 21 photosa week ago New

Author: Sairy M
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Desperate for prescription inhalers for partner. Cannot access through Pharmacy, need appointment with GP. Cannot get GP appointment, despite ringing all day. Not fit for purpose. 2025. Steroid inhaler had gone out of date (trying not to use steroidal inhalers 24 /7) Request for a new inhaler triggers an 'Asthma Clinic' appointment taking a further four weeks, whilst patient is now ill. Asthma clinic try to sell a combined inhaler (steroid and relief) this is refused, so they write prescription for a 'new' steroid inhaler that has failed within two weeks of use. Patient is now using 'old out of date' inhaler as this type is not available at the BOA pharmacy and needs a Doctor to prescribe. Appointment for doctor to prescribe I'd now 11th FEBRUARY 2026. absolutely appalling! If you want a chest infection or to become reliant on pharmaceuticals, go to this surgery.. This is critical medication and it's being denied.

Author: Helen Wright
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always find the service at BoA to be outstanding - through every touch point - Reception Team, Phone Team, Pharmacy Team, Health Care Assistants, Nurse Practitioners, GPs, Mental Health Practitioners and Practice Management. Sorry if I've missed anyone out! The system itself has also improved massively since being reviewed a few years ago. Your BoA team are efficient, timely, professional, supportive and very friendly. I use the surgery a lot for several long term health conditions. I've had a particularly tough few years health-wise. Without your service and staff I would have found it impossible to navigate and manage. Thanks so much to the whole team! I'm incredibly grateful :) Having lived abroad, I never take our free point of access to primary healthcare for granted. We are incredibly privileged and lucky to have primary health care trusts, NHS etc. when so many others less fortunate abroad do not. Great staff and service in challenging circumstances is not easy. Please know that you're all doing fantastic work :) Thank you all at BoA Health Centre.

Author: Mary Tapping
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have used this practice since 2000 when I initially moved to the area. Since then I have been delighted by the support I have received - especially by its continuous development of the services offered to patients.

Author: Rachel Tucker
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had the best care and compassion from BOA health centre. They were so good with my mother in law before she passed away, highly recommend this surgery. They do an incredibly hard job in a demanding world.

Author: tyson steggles
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is not a surgery anymore can't blame the doctors but it's basically a call centre when you get through the prescription team try to tell you when you can have your meds or not you place a prescription through pharmacy 2u that then goes to them to decide if you need it or not they are not doctors and may cause a death of someone with there picking and choosing the meds you can or cannot order you only see a doctor when the reception thinks it's OK too or it's a call that you may or may not get

Author: Diane Morgan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing doctors. Always ready to help and book appointments as needed. Very friendly.

Author: hal jensen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had nothing but professional, friendly and very helpful care from the nurses, doctors and receptionists at this practice. I can't fault them. (This after London, which was dreadful.)

Author: simon hanlon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst GP practices ever. Cancer scare completely ignored, then forgotten about, lost photos, ended up having to go private. Then my Son had a heart issue and they forget to take blood tests, after confirming issues with the results they did nothing about it. We called to find out what to do and was told to wait 2 weeks for a phone call from the Dr.......unbelievable.

Author: Keith Moore
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Routine appointment with no delays
