Practice: WHITEPARISH SURGERY
Canonical code: J83004
Postcode: SP5 2SU
Google Maps title: Whiteparish Surgery
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 17
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Whiteparish+Surgery/@51.0104588,-1.6532198,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4873f2d04644aed3:0x1f44472c593918e8!8m2!3d51.0104555!4d-1.6506395!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td7snbt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83004-whiteparish-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Diane Elgar
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always helpful and very proffesional

Author: Bush Dog
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Until recently I would have given 5 stars, but it only takes your elderly mother to be fobbed off by a non-doctor at phone triage, only to find out privately that week that she has terminal cancer to put you off permanently. Examining her would not have been a cure, but it would have allowed her dignigty and treatment from the NHS. Once she was diagnosed I called to try and reconnect with her own gp........ but was told she would have to call the next morning and go through triage. The system is inhumane and not fit for purpose.

Author: Tim Lewy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tim LewyLocal Guide · 50 reviews · 20 photos7 months ago

Author: Vasile Chindris
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hi I was temporary Woking on Salisbury, and I brought my family with me for few days, and my 4 month boy got a bit of fever and coughing, our concern it was if is got anything in the lungs, or chest, so I call this GP as it was 2 minute walk, so in the forest place they say we are not registered on there, but I explain I was only working in the area and instead off advice me with medicine on the phone consultation, they call me in and check my baby properly, honestly she paid so much attention, DR CHATT, she is extremely talented and carrying. THANK YOU SO MUCH, unfortunately my daughter got the coughing but she is 2 years, hopefully she will be ok.

Author: Helen Cator
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this surgery just over 3 years ago when I moved to the area. I think they are 1st class. Yes, its fustrating sometimes when you can't get what you need first time or you have to wait but if you had been a patient at my previous surgery you would really appreciate this one! All I can say is everyone I have dealt with are very patient, kind and caring. They answer the phones within an acceptable timeframe and are polite and helpful. There has even been a huge improvement on getting repeat prescriptions quickly. So whatever your job at Whiteparish Surgery, keep doing what you do. I really appreciate it. THANK YOU. To any patients with any doubts, try being a patient at Red and Green Practice at Hythe or Blackfield. They aren't fit for purpose and should be closed down. I just hope Whiteparish Surgery never employ anyone from Red & Green Practice.

Author: Geoff Dorsett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Geoff Dorsett2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Ian Tanner
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have been a patient of this practice for over40 years and until recently have found them to be a first class surgery, sadly that is no longer the case, there are some excellent healthcare professionals in this practice and also some who are not, but unfortunately your chances of seeing a good one are limited and if you can by the time you get to the appointment your condition will have cleared up or deteriorated to the extent you go to A&E or the walk in in salisbury, getting a same day appointment is almost impossible unless you get the right person on reception, if I could I would move to another practice, sadly not an option, a sorry state of affairs for what was once an excellent service .

Author: Oak Tree Farm Farm
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff always rude on reception can’t ever get prescriptions in time.

Author: Viv Packham
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this practice only a few months but have found them to be courteous, professional and always ready to help, I'm lucky enough to have only seen the doctor once in that time, but he was so caring and explained everything to me. The reception staff are brilliant!

Author: Samantha Robbins
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am new to this surgery and the nurse that see me was fantastic and she got me into see a doctor straight away because she was concerned about me can not thank them enough
