Practice: HARCOURT MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: J83003
Postcode: SP2 7TD
Google Maps title: Harcourt Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 72
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Harcourt+Medical+Centre/@51.0674585,-1.8060995,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHARCOURT+MEDICAL+CENTRE+SP2+7TD!3m8!1s0x4873ebee15ad15ad:0x78c551bd701a956f!8m2!3d51.0674585!4d-1.8013359!9m1!1b1!15sCh9IQVJDT1VSVCBNRURJQ0FMIENFTlRSRSBTUDIgN1REkgEVcHVibGljX21lZGljYWxfY2VudGVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F12qg512_z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83003-harcourt-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tyrone Triggs
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to share my views on Harcourt medical practice, they are brilliant and go above and beyond to help, I've been dealing with mental health issues for so many years and the capacity to accommodate my needs have been spectacular, I couldn't explain in words how they've made me feel these past two days, thankyou so so very very much. If anyone is looking for a practice that actually cares, then this is the place for you.

Author: Eddie Farmer
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Had an appointment booked in for this morning with a practice nurse. I arrived 5 mins early, booked in on the machine. No problems, it said your wait is 5 mins, take a seat. Great. 25 minutes pass. I finally ask at the counter. Turns out the practice nurse was off sick. When I ring in sick for my job (that I have to take time out from to come to my medical appointments), I am meant to do it first thing and I'm sure most jobs are the same. So they must have known for at least an hour before this that she was sick and they would need to reschedule. They have me on their text service, could they not have texted me to let me know before I came out and wasted my time? And if that is somehow not possible, all the appointments in the check in machine are linked to the person who will be doing your appointment, so if someone is sick surely it should not be rocket science to have the machine flag up that you need to go to the counter when you try and check in? It is especially annoying because I understand that the NHS wastes time and money when people miss their booked appointments, or are unable to attend and don't let anyone know. That's why I always attend my appointments, and if I could not I would ring up the relevant person as soon as I knew I couldn't go. However it does not go the other way! I had to take time out of work to come to this wasted appointment. They gave me a new appointment when I did go to the counter, so they get one extra star for that. However they have all this technology, automatic systems etc, why can none of it be used to help patients not come out to an appointment that isn't going to happen? I felt so stupid because I had felt something might be wrong when the actual time for my appointment came and went, however I gave it more time before asking because I didn't want to be That person, who can't even wait 5 minutes, who is impatient and rude, so I sat around like a lemon...more fool me. My advise to you is don't worry about being that person. In fact, if you're seeing a practice nurse for a pre-booked appointment, I'd recommend asking straight away at the desk to check your nurse is actually there. It is the only way and I will definitely be doing this when I go to my rebooked appointment in a few days (time sensitive thing), in case she is still off sick.

Author: Ed Holtby
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience has been entirely positive. Great staff, short wait times, responsive with information. How they manage to provide this level of service under the current levels of funding and demand is beyond me. Huge respect and gratitude.

Author: brendan clancy
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Excellent practice some of the reception staff seem uncaring perhaps because the NHS present state is creating a lot more stress for them albeit I don’t think this should happen. Dr’s. Bessant and Sleight are both wonderful and have the best caring attitude that I have found at the practice.

Author: Driver
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Exceptionally rude and patronising lady receptionist who will even shout at elderly patients, and supply doctors with poor English who need to 'go and ask for help' and never come back to you with an answer. Used to be a decent surgery, could no longer recommend, best avoided.

Author: Sarah Henstridge
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sarah HenstridgeLocal Guide · 114 reviews · 161 photos3 months ago

Author: Agi Kupczak
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don’t usually post reviews but feel like I have to following recent negatives. I have only been in Harcourt since 2022 having moved from Southampton (where I’ve never been able to even see a GP) Each and every time I ask for help, especially for my children (as I can wait - if I needed more urgent appt I’d go to the urgent care which is also fantastic) they have been nothing short of fantastic. I feel my children and I are very well looked after by the surgery. The doctor I feel takes my concerns seriously and investigates potential causes rather than just blindly medicating. Absolutely fantastic surgery and I recommend it to anyone looking to register themselves. Thank you again Harcourt.

Author: Idris Ketencimen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Idris KetencimenLocal Guide · 13 reviews · 2 photos5 months ago

Author: Keith Grewcock
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My personal experience of Harcourt Medical Centre is very positive. All the Drs I've seen over the past 5 years have been very diligent. When I've not been able to receive a call back they text with a link to triage my condition (A good system, you can take your time to state clearly your situation). All my family members have had good treatment here, the gp's are not perfect but I believe they do their best for you and genuinely care.

Author: Amanda Bryant
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Amanda Bryant6 months ago
