Practice: NORTHLANDS SURGERY
Canonical code: J83039
Postcode: SN11 0HH
Google Maps title: Northlands Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Northlands+Surgery/@51.4419108,-2.0079247,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871669d86339b41:0x5b60b19f261411da!8m2!3d51.4419075!4d-2.0053444!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1dt4tz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83039-northlands-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rebekah SloaneMather
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Appt at Northlands today. Lovely staff and my treatment was done with great sensitivity and understanding. A big Thank-you to them

Author: Arthur Bentley-Taylor
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Four years in Calne; Northlands surgery has been excellent for me in my 80s, with heart failure and Parkinsons etc.

Author: Paul Gristwood
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My 84 year old mother had blood passing through her urine, with a burning pain. She phoned Northlands surgery, an automated service said they will call back, and after half hour or so they called back. When they called and was told the symptoms and that my mother had a burning pain, they said they have no appointments, call 111 and hung up. It was lucky I was there as my mother may not of called 111 and left it. We called 111, spoke to an advisor who at first tried to get us to go to Royal Bath Hospital over an hour away so she could sit in a waiting room for hours at 84 years old. We said no. They then got a 111 doctor to call back, who booked a telephone call in from Northlands Surgery. Northlands Surgery called back (the very same lady who my mother called ealier), who booked her in for an appointment at the end of the day. Why did they make my 84 year old mother go through all this, and may never have called 111 if I weren't there, when they could of believed her and booked her in for an appointment that they said was not there. When we went for the appointment there was only 4 people in the waiting room, and we were 2 of them. The place was a ghost town, no activity anywhere, where normally in previous years its busy. The receptionist spent her time chatting to other staff members in the room to the rear while new patients coming in stood there waiting for ages, and had to call out for assistance. The medication my mother recieved gave her a frightening rash and swelling all over her face and body. She phoned Northlands explained the issue and the receptionist didn't even ask her who she was, so didn't check about her age, she just said there were no appointments and hung up. We phoned 111 who at first said Northlands do have appointments in the afternoon, but these are saved for more important issues. Im sorry but isnt serious swelling of the skin and a blistering rash in an 84 year old lady serious enough. He then arranged for a doctor to call back from 111 and they just said go down the Chemist, no need for 111 to book her in. We went to the chemist who didn't take her seriously because they had no contact from 111. The chemist looked her up and down in the queue, not in a private room, gave her Pyriton that I could of bought in Tescos, but then said we should show doctor the reaction because it looks bad. We went to the doctors explaining everything at the front desk, but the receptionist kept repeating 111 has not contacted them so refused to even discuss it. Even though my mother was 84 and her face was like a red balloon. We then said can we just report that this medication gives my mother a bad reaction for her medical records. The unfriendly unhelpful receptionist reluctantly took the details, before sending my mother away. All the time we were there the waiting room was completely empty, but apparently they had no appointments. We went home and spent the week rubbing aloe Vera into her skin that in the end worked, but with no care or help from Northland Surgery at all. And they say they are good with the elderly. On my mothers medical records they just put down this medication gives her a rash, sounding minor, but they never took the time to even look. And Northlands Surgery are saying online they are taking on new patients, when they don't even see the ones they have, elderly or not. This is Discusting.

Author: su stocks
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
After 7 years having the same problem I just got ignored and dismissed over and over again. Reception staff were always helpful and friendly- cant fault them. But the doctors were so unwilling to help with quite a serious problem that it leaves you feeling even worse than when you walked in. A change in doctors practice was all it took to get heard and treated.

Author: Lynn Barrow
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My daughter has 2 discs out in her back and is in terrible pain Shr rang the surgery before Christmas and was told she'd have to go in . She explained she couldn't move and had no means to get there so they cancelled the appointment. She ended up going to Swindon hospital laying on the back seat of her daughters boyfriends car. They said her gp surgery was being difficult . The car wasn't available in the morning to go to the surgery. It was really painful for her. She had to spend christmas laying on the floor and ate her dinner in that position. She's now on morphine. Do doctors not do home visits any more?. How do people who are bedbound manage? I think the way they treated her was awful. Glad they're not my doctors.

Author: J W
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
J W4 reviews4 months ago

Author: Carol Knight
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Carol Knight4 reviews5 months ago

Author: katelin botes
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Incredibly rude and unhelpful front of house staff on various occasions. Today just tipped it over the edge. Give you a verbal appointment over the phone and send a text for a different time. Call up to question this and the lady that answered had a stand off demeanour and really shouldn’t be in a FOH role let alone a role that is meant to be helping people. I have on a previous occasion been sat in the waiting room awaiting my appointment where a elderly man came in with his leg sliced open, bleeding down his leg and they refused to assist him let alone call an ambulance as they “are not an A&E” Truly upsetting.

Author: Chantelle Mccafferty
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Chantelle MccaffertyLocal Guide · 27 reviews · 35 photos7 months ago

Author: Ramil Urazmanov
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ramil UrazmanovLocal Guide · 80 reviews · 31 photos10 months ago
