Practice: NORTH SWINDON PRACTICE
Canonical code: J83057
Postcode: SN25 1QQ
Google Maps title: Home Ground Surgery - North Swindon Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 105
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Home+Ground+Surgery+-+North+Swindon+Practice/@51.5922973,-1.8175498,16z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sNORTH+SWINDON+PRACTICE+SN25+1QQ!3m8!1s0x487146a173a14449:0x9454eed03e1d9792!8m2!3d51.5922973!4d-1.8080226!9m1!1b1!15sCh9OT1JUSCBTV0lORE9OIFBSQUNUSUNFIFNOMjUgMVFRkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1thqg5xb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 5
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J83057-north-swindon-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tirrey Illes
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Not allowed to book unless online, but a receptionist can call me under "doctor " calling to persuade me to cancel a phone call appointment. The system has flaws against the patient , seems ok unless flaws are negative to the system. I realise its a political system to hide waiting lists.
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your comment. If you do wish us to look into this further for you please email enquiries.nsp@nhs.net

Author: Sarah Howards
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Have to fill online 5o thousand questions ! Then it's says you need to go to a and e .why can't you speak to human?? Reception do not book appointments tell you to go in and use ipad just wrong

Author: Joshua Dunn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Online service is not a substitute for phone service. Just because you are required to have an online service doesn't mean it should be the main one. People like to talk to people. Treat people like humans again. Also A&E shouldn't just be your overflow hire more doctors and stop clogging the hospitals.

Author: Kim Butcher
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give this surgery 0 stars I would. Took my daughter here on three separate occasions over 3 months due to a swollen ankle and high fevers was told by GPs it was just swelling from viral infection from nursery. Even after pushing for further investigation we were then just refered to go and see the pediatrics which took another 2 weeks. After blood test it turns out she had a bone infections and extremely high inflammation and infection markers. A week in hospital and now on an 8 week heavy antibiotics course and my daughter could potentially lose some of the bones in her ankle. She is only 2. I worry if this is the standards of the GPs in the surgery I fear for other who are being assessed there.

Author: morgan b
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I phoned today to get an urgent appointment for my partner, as he was referred by 111. I recently spoke to Drew regarding a very sensitive situation involving an unwell patient, and I was extremely disappointed with the experience. Drew was rude, careless, and displayed no empathy whatsoever. Her attitude was horrible and completely inappropriate given the circumstances. This level of behaviour is unacceptable, especially within the NHS, where compassion and professionalism are essential. Based on this interaction, I strongly believe Drew should not be working in a role that involves patient care or public interaction.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
If you wish to make a formal complaint please email enquiries.nsp@nhs.net providing further information so that we can look into this for you,

Author: Kerry L
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Completely impossible to get an appointment calling at 0800hrs system! My Mother is chronically sick and is being neglected by this system to rub salt into wounds you now can not even email them!
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Due to patient confidentiality we are unable to comment via this system. If you wish for us to look into this further for you please email enquiries.nsp@nhs.net

Author: Julie De-Rozario
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Home ground used to be the best of surgeries. I was also a patient sometime ago and was. Very vexed when I moved to an area outside of their control. However, my elderly parents are still there. Just trying to cancel a simple Appointment for Them earlier turns into a mammoth task, make the call and listen to all the rigmarole of options, press 2 to cancel etc. it doesn’t do anything g and kept in loop reusing to main menus to listen to it all again! I chose option 1. For the ‘assistant’, and. Cancelled the appointment. The elderly are not bothering to book as it’s so stressful for them, is this a deliberate ploy Homeground? It’s a useless and appalling service and I hope you scrap it and look at what other surgeries do that is working!
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Good afternoon, if you would like us to respond please contact enquiries.nsp@nhs.net. We will need your parents permission if you wish us to look into their specific problem with cancelling an appointment.

Author: Stephen Kayser
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Stephen Kayser4 months ago

Author: Binny Lane
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Binny LaneLocal Guide · 32 reviews4 months ago

Author: Hazel Rich
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This online booking is an absolute joke. I feel sorryfor the peoplethat dont use their phones like the elderly and people like me who struggleto read , i explainedthis when i rang up that i struggle with reading but said I can only book online now . I had to get my neighbour to help me as i struggle to read ,I couldn't believe how many qestions I had to answer just for a uti, then when I finally got to then end of all the question (took over 15mins) it told me i need urgent treatment and then i had to say why i wouldn't go to the hospital, i then had to wait for upto 2 days for a response, I ended up just going to the pharmacy in the end to get antibiotics Yes I had to talk to my phone to write this .
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
As you may already be aware, from 1 October 2025, NHS England requires all GP practices to offer online access to appointment booking during core hours. Patients must be able to contact their practice by phone, online or in person, with a consistent and fair experience across all methods. This forms part of the NHS Modern General Practice initiative, which ensures that all requests are triaged before an appointment is offered. To meet and exceed these requirements, we have partnered with Rapid Health. Their platform supports a total triage model and allows patients to book appointments up to four weeks in advance with the most appropriate clinician for their needs. Most appointments are booked directly after completing the form, without our team needing to further review the request. All patients are required to complete the form either online, over the phone or in person to request a GP appointment at North Swindon Practice. We understand that some patients may need additional support. Our care navigation team is available to help complete the online form with patients over the phone. We also encourage family members, friends or carers to assist patients who may find the process challenging. It has been noted that your request was submitted on the 29.9.25 and you received a response and treatment option the same day.
