Practice: EAST COWES MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: J84004
Postcode: PO32 6RP
Google Maps title: East Cowes Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/East+Cowes+Medical+Centre/@50.7586362,-1.2898421,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487464a8053a1b79:0x790f5ff2ada7e895!8m2!3d50.7586328!4d-1.2872618!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hhw80r7w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J84004-east-cowes-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chris Sucksmith
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Got call back, at their convenience, from a doctor who was very difficult to understand.

Author: Judy Cooper
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Having COPD and showing signs of chest infection I did a sputum test on Tuesday morning after seeing the copd nurse . I phoned for results on Thursday but was told they weren't back yet and a Dr will call if they find anything concerning. Thursday evening at 18mins past 6 I get a text message saying a Dr will phone tomorrow ( Friday evening ) between 6 and 8 . They phoned from tower house Ryde to tell me yes there is an infection and that I need antibiotics. They put the request into the pharmacy regents in east Cowes which I obviously couldn't get till the Saturday morning, adding another 36 hours of unnassary struggle to breath . What part of primary care allowes someone struggling for longer than nessassary ? Why could they not have text me or phoned on the Thursday evening and sent request to regents for antibiotics for the Friday morning . . Why make me or anyone else wait another 36 hours before being able to start treatment from the first initial text message . It's absolutely wrong and very badly run if they cannot sort their primary care team out properly leaving patients in ill health waiting for as I can see no apparent reason .

Author: Stu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fast service, good care and they listen! Much better than mainland

Author: Chloe Neill
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I experienced a severe panic attack and anxiety crisis while visiting the surgery. I had to leave the reception area and lock myself in the toilet to calm down. When I came out, I was still in visible distress, but no one, not a receptionist, nurse, or clinician , checked on me or offered any support. For a healthcare setting, this complete lack of compassion and awareness of mental health emergencies is deeply concerning and unacceptable. Patients in crisis deserve to be treated with care and understanding, not ignored.

Author: Chloe G
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
⭐ 1 star — Dangerous handling of mental health care and lack of compassion My experience with East Cowes Medical Practice has been extremely distressing and unsafe. I contacted the surgery after my mental health significantly declined after coming off of tablets and was told by the mental health team to get in touch to restart my medication. Despite clearly explaining that I was struggling and deteriorating daily, the receptionist refused to book me a GP appointment and insisted on sending me through triage, this triage was actually never logged and I had to chase and ended up going through triage again! After over a week of waiting for a call from the mental health team as advised and promised, I found out I hadn’t even been referred to the correct team, I had been put through to get another triage team, who couldn’t help or give me the medication I needed. When I begged for an emergency GP appointment again, I was told that “mental health doesn’t count as an emergency” and advised to go to A&E, despite me explaining that I suffer from health anxiety and physically could not cope with that environment or even get there. I was then told to ring 111. This advice was completely inappropriate and showed a worrying lack of training or understanding of mental health. I rang 111, who called the doctors and requested I be seen as an emergency. I got a call back from the receptionist once again denying me this and claiming 111 had no power to do this - despite them telling me to go to 111. I called once more the next day and 111 once again sent a message and requested I be seen ASAP - I have still not heard back. I was repeatedly denied medication that I’ve been safely prescribed for years, and TWO NHS 111 request for a same-day GP callback was ignored. To make matters worse, one of my previous triage requests disappeared from their system entirely, which raises serious concerns about their record-keeping. The whole experience left me feeling dismissed, hopeless, and at risk. Mental health should be treated with the same urgency and respect as physical health, but East Cowes Medical has failed to meet even the most basic standards of care, compassion, and patient safety. Triage does not work and reception staff seriously need urgent training in mental health and how to talk to people.

Author: Beckie Campany
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Beckie Campany1 review6 months ago

Author: Elizabeth Lee
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
My grandad used to go here 😢 …

Author: ali valyani
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
ali valyani8 reviews10 months ago

Author: Blania S
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lady nurse called Katie took my bloods today, usually walk out with 20+ attempts in various places around my body, today first time I had it done successfully at first go and in the normal place! Thank you so much Katie I know who to go to. Brilliant

Author: Del Amer
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Certain receptionist staff think they are medically trained enough to go against Dr's advice and make medical decisions on behalf of patients/children and then try and pass the blame onto other medical professionals when caught in a lie. The drs and nurses seem to actually be pretty good. But as I said, certain receptionists let the whole practise down.
