Practice: VENTNOR MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: J84003
Postcode: PO38 1EZ
Google Maps title: Ventnor Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ventnor+Medical+Practice/@50.594617,-1.2071931,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48748952317e6ba1:0x15540b64b0e40e59!8m2!3d50.5946136!4d-1.2046128!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcx0_d9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/J84003-ventnor-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stella Stringer
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I manage the care of my vulnerable 92 year old mother. The carer dropped a urine sample at the acute hub at 9 am this morning as mum has been more confused and fallen so a uti suspected. I called at 10, 12 and 2.30 and was told nurse had been in clinic and hadn’t tested the sample but a GP would call later. At 5.35 Dr Ogundiya called and said they couldn’t find the urine sample: no apology or awareness of how poor this is and unacceptable for a vulnerable patient . We have wasted all day and this practice has shown no care or understanding. There is a serious problem with their processes if they lose a sample from one of two buildings. Very poor and unacceptable New review 17.02.26 Attached photo was sent to this practice 16:2/26 after my 92 year old mother had fallen again in the kitchen. A home visit was agreed for 17/2/26: no one came. I called at 4 pm and was told the District Nurse was coming 18/2/26 and to call them . On calling I found that they do not answer calls after 4 pm! I am at a loss for words at the poor care of an elderly person who lives alone with carers coming in. The wound could easily become infected. We did call 111 who couldn’t come out until 10.30/11 pm by which time mum was fast asleep . Not wise to be elderly and ill in Ventnor!

Author: Ben Furniss
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I spoke to a receptionist called Melissa. She was really helpful and able to book me in the same day. Thank you.

Author: Thomas Ward
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wrote a previous review saying how bad the receptionists was but now I don’t know if they have new staff but they are absolutely fantastic, they always make me smile and always get me the help I need! So finally I think I can write a nice review.

Author: Danny Tomlinson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Asked them to check on my 90 Yr old father discreetly as worried about his health. Stressed to them not to mention I had spoken to them as he would be fuming. First thing the doctor said.... your sons been in !!! Unbelievable ! So unprofessional ! And now he won't talk to me at all !!! Absolutely bloody useless

Author: Stella Stringer
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My 91 year old mother has been on the waiting list for weeks for her flu and Covid vaccinations at Ventnor MP. I have called three times and emailed twice: no response . Today I was told they were not allowed to tell me where she is on the list! She is elderly with a chronic condition and vulnerable : why is this practice not prioritising such patients in Ventnor? Put mum on list for a Covid vaccination at home months ago and still waiting in May. No updates given. Today tried again to get a home visit for a 92 year old with dementia and stroke history but have to wait for a clinician to assess remotely. No wonder people bypass the GP and go straight to A&E

Author: Michael Kirby
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I would like to comment and give Lucy and some of her staff for giving me exalent service sorting out problem and joe Bennett practice manager for getting back to me Lucy gave 100% and very polite regards Mike kirby keep it up at this very difficult time

Author: Luke Reeves
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everyone always polite and helpful.

Author: thomas
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful when it comes to mental health, my name is Thomas I have BPD and OCD and the receptionist actually argue with me about my medication, I rang up today because I have not slept in 2 nights and the receptionist ‘Sam’ was talking over me and refusing to give me medication when I’m manic and can’t leave the house! It’s the not the first time it’s appalling, she said the only way I could get my medication is if I leave the house and go to request it when I cannot leave my house I have mental health what do they not understand about that …. And they wonder why people kill themself I have to argue to get my medication when it normally just goes to boots every month but this month they have stressed me out even more, I get anxiety to ring them because of how rude and obnoxious they are towards me, very disappointed and upset at the fact I constantly keep getting ignored by somebody over the phone. How can you respect them over the phone call when they can’t respect us. They know from my medical records what I’m dealing with inside my head this is NOT acceptable in any shape of form. So thank you Sam ‘for your duty of care’ this afternoon.

Author: Sue Owen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely receptionists are always polite and helpful with whatever support I need..yes sometimes one waits a while for calls to be answered but that's because they are really busy. E-consult works really well as an alternative.

Author: Helen Chappell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a great experience today with the medical centre, rang for an appointment in the morning and got an appointment later that morning with Dr Doggit whom I had never seen before. He was excellent and professional and I was impressed with the whole experience.
