Practice: STRAWBERRY HILL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K81063
Postcode: RG14 1JU
Google Maps title: Strawberry Hill Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 179
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Strawberry+Hill+Medical+Centre/@51.4057874,-1.3304056,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876a8a09118e5f1:0x4278d6deabdba7b9!8m2!3d51.4057841!4d-1.3278253!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cm_fmbks?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81063-strawberry-hill-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jaysha Mooneesamy
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Think its easier to die than try to be seen by this medical centre. The NHS is not interested in dealing proactively with potential medical conditions - most people think its a capacity issue, when you dig deeper its an efficiency issue driven from a poorly managed system. Disappointing 😞 …

Author: John Walker
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been to strawbery medical after chemist said i need to see a doctor the reception down stairs was so lovely then i went up stairs and again the racepionist was lovlely two lovlely ladies

Author: Jo
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am not someone that generally leaves reviews but felt compelled on this occasion. I have recently moved into the area and to be honest was nervous about this practice being my local surgery due to negative reviews on here. I called today with a bit of a complex situation having been referred under my old address for urgent investigation under the 2 week framework but I could no longer physically attend the London hospital. I called and initially spoke to Jill who invited me in to be registered that same day. I then received a call from Karen who explained that Wendy was also seeing what she can do. I received 3 call backs on the same day, keeping me updated at all times and then given an appointment with the doctor at the earliest opportunity. I could not believe how caring and efficient the administrative team were and am now very grateful this is my local surgery. Everyone exceeded my expectations :)

Author: Rose Theresegeorge
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy with scheduling appointment times. Calling at 8 am and giving appointment at 3 pm

Author: David Fisher
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent very helpful

Author: P B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
-- 10 star to this, Very bad experience today with SHM, it's 5 minutes journey from our home to GP but today due to some road work traffic, we reached surgery around 9:18 am but could not find space that I can quickly get out from car ( I was the pessanger )and sign in my daughter,when I reached at check in station it was 9:23am( our appointment time was 9:20am and I am very particular about time ,I always reach on time but today their was some road work traffic, we started our journey around 9:05 am) and they have closed the check in and GP cancelled our appointment , receptionist told us book for next week I was very upset because I got that appointment after 1 months and my 17 months old toddler was sick, only Friday she discharged from the hospital I came that far with recovering child and GP does not have that much empathy to see a toddler, I felt if I got the appointment on time, my baby did not get that sick that we ended up with 5 days stay in the hospital. I was very much stressed from last week and GP did this so I literally cried 😭 but no one cares,why should they care they don't know what's you going through and they talk about mental health , Very bad service my only question is this when we waits for GP after check in for 10,15 minutes in waiting area, where we should have to complaint? Is this how you behave with baby you gave us discharged letter you knew what we going through but still you cancelled our appointments. They showoff that they are busy but actually they are not I did not understand the concept of having GP when for everything we have to go to hospital we need more doctors not GP( waste of Tax payers money).

Author: Linda Moss
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Parking is challenging. Clean and tidy centre. Helpful and friendly staff

Author: Madhavi Yalagala
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My daughter gets severe stomach ache it got reduced after 30mins and it happens twice and she developed some red spot all over her legs and it’s sour when touched it . When called for an appointment they refused to give appointment and asking to go pharmacy which is not helpful at all. Very bad customer service. I prefer eastfield house surgery , custom service is so good . They can differentiate urgent and non urgent appointments. Very unhappy . 111 is more responsive than this surgery.

Author: Mikiko A
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve always had a very positive experience at Strawberry Hill Medical Centre. The reception team are professional, welcoming, and always does their best to help. The waiting area is spacious with plenty of seating, and the whole practice feels well organised. The nurses and most GPs are excellent — kind, attentive, and thorough. I did have one less positive experience with a particular GP, but it was very easy to request another doctor, and the staff handled it helpfully and without fuss. It’s reassuring to know the team genuinely cares about patients’ comfort and choice. Highly recommend this surgery for anyone in the area.

Author: Sharon Wild
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have just tried to request a prescription using this new on line System. I cannot get anywhere with it . I absolutely hate all this nonsense. It upsets me and makes me feel very stressed . I am elderly and I find all this on line stuff impossible to use . Fortunately the reception staff are usually very kind and helpful.
