Practice: THE VILLAGE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K81082
Postcode: SL1 5ND
Google Maps title: The Village Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 145
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Village+Medical+Centre/@51.5129538,-0.6500162,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48767b4d33ce8d2b:0x3e53675965e5955e!8m2!3d51.5129505!4d-0.6474359!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td_4p8p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81082-the-village-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Peter Carter
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service all round!. Reception ladies are helpful and professional.. very satisfied with my doctors consultation.

Author: Demi Cook
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
Out of all 11 doctors I've been to this is the best one, have helped me with alot and made diagnoses I've been trying to sort for years. Very good service, kind staff and brilliant surgery. Update 5 years later from this review. Straight up your new receptionist who speaks like she doesn't know how to talk properly is god awful and rude not to mention condescending and I quite frankly will not accept her treatment. Deserves to be fired. IMPROVE

Author: Zoe Henfrey
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
My mum recently passed away at her home of 73 years age 101.. . and a half ! The doctors, district nurses, pharmacist, receptionists and admin staff have been amazing particularly during the final months of Mum's full life. The care and support shown to Mum and myself has been wonderful, a great comfort and very much appreciated. We are very grateful to all at The Village Medical Centre. Thank you

Author: Sarbi Kaley
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I encountered the same behaviour this morning, great doctors and rude reception staff. I had an appointment today, arrived early and was only told it was next month. they got it wrong. I just about got an apology - which was the hardest thing for her to give. Shame because the doctors are great. Update - just received a phone call from the reception manager, Elaine, who got back to me after I raised this issue and was very apologetic. It made a lot of difference to how I felt at the beginning of the day. Thank you :)

Author: Shannon Daly
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
About time they employed some new receptionists.

Author: Neelam Kaur
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been a patient at the practise since I’ve been born. Called today, receptionist is so rude, condescending and speaks to you like an idiot. Not sure if it’s a racial thing after reading the reviews, but disappointed that these rude people are the first point of contact for the surgery.

Author: Luke001
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Called just now requesting my SCR . The receptionist was very helpful. Great service

Author: Colin Mcall
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Andrea one of the receptionist recently told me that's there was no need for me to be in a hurry for a winter flu vaccination. Because being housebound I wouldn't be going out to catch flu in the first place. I pointed out to her that I had medical people coming and going all the time. She replied she hadn't thought of that, she also said there was no hurry because they had till next march to get them all out, vaccinations that is. The excuse they keep using fallen the delay was that a list had to be made out of all the housebound people. When I finally got a phone call to fill me someone was coming to give me the vaccine they said it was because they only just managed to get hold of an emergency supply of the vaccine. There's a couple of receptionist there who make it their lifetime's ambition to give me the most problems I can have. I've never done nothing wrong to them I don't know why they're doing it to me.

Author: Ram Nat
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist need people skills and training on just how to be a decent human! . Absolutely disgusting behaviour and just out right rude. No compassion for the suffering patient. Did not even take the time to understand what the ask was and instead just had attitude on her face right from the get go. Management need to really ask themselves are these the kind of staff they want to be the face of their clinic!

Author: Robina Alam
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unbelievably uncaring, condescending, rude and unhelpful receptionist when I rang to book an appointment. Treated like an idiot and failed to get an appointment with any Doctor at any time,
