Practice: COOKHAM MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K81042
Postcode: SL6 9HX
Google Maps title: Cookham Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cookham+Medical+Centre/@51.5583115,-0.7284062,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876625911c10e63:0x7f427121dd553476!8m2!3d51.5583082!4d-0.7258259!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tmk7_9_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81042-cookham-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: shannon Harris
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with this Surgery all my life but its gone down hill to the point it feels impossible to access basic treatment/support, and seems very poorly organised of late. I was recently Diagnosed by Hospital Consultant with Osteoporosis thats caused fractures in my Spine, on top of 2 other extremely painful conditions. The Consultant asked GP to manage my Osteoporosis and to start me on Medication. Saw a GP here who wanted my Vitamin D to be checked before starting. First of all the GP never sent me a link to book the Blood test and I had to Phone Reception 3 times asking for the link before finally getting sent the link a week after my GP appointment, The GP also said they'd email me information on Osteoporosis but never did. I got a text a week after blood tests were done to say my Vitamin D was low but no plan or treatment was mentioned so I called Reception and the GP seemed to think the Hospital had requested the tests. I had to explain the GP had. Later got another text telling me to consider taking a certain Osteoprosis Medication and to take over the counter Vitamin D. No mention of if they would discuss or prescribe the Osteoporosis Medication and I already take a prescription only Vitamin D and calcium supplement so most likely need a higher dose of that rather than an over the counter one. Called Reception again who said the consultant would prescribe my Osteoporosis medication and I had to explain again the Consultant had specifically requested the GP treat it. I have a copy of the letter and know the GP has seen it due to the initial GP appointment when it was decided I needed the Vitamin D test. I was then asked to send an econsult explaining the GP needs to treat it. Why should I even have to do this when the GP has the letter from the Consultant saying to treat me? After sending econsult Im told the Doctor will speak to me about my Osteoporosis and Vitamin D on a certain day thats 18 days away. Just absolutely ridiculous. Use to get great care here but seems no one here seems to even read basic patient notes, knows what medications Im on, or knows what they are supposed to be dealing with, and I have to waste my time sending enconsults about things that are already on my notes which they've seen already. Truly bizarre.

Author: Ed
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Ed2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Bill B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
A Very sad situation, as it has become very difficult to get an appointment. The greater NHS systems are more of a hinderance to patients and only delay getting the correct treatment. Have had various examples of going round the system in recent months with no effective treatment or conclusion to my ailments. Very sad!

Author: The Shiells
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Sealy looks after our family here at the surgery and we cannot thank him enough for everything and all that he does! He’s great with our two little lads. Visiting the doctors can sometimes be a bit daunting but Dr. Sealy makes it a very comfortable experience for them. We really appreciate Dr.Sealy he’s always checked up on us and always followed up making sure we’re healthy. Thank You Sir!

Author: anthony keeler
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
anthony keeler1 reviewa year ago

Author: Sanne Fidler
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This place is absolute gold. The doctors are empathetic and professional. If it wasn’t for the fast acting cookham doctors I would definitely not be here. I was also suffering severe mental distress at the time and I was still given the correct treatment. An underlying gastric infection was found during surgery and I am on the mend both mentally and physically. I can simply not thank all the doctors here enough. You are amazing! Kr sanne

Author: Sarah Robertson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant, always. The receptionists really want to help and are very understanding. The doctors and nurses are very thorough and helpful feel very well looked after.

Author: Elisabeth Hoff
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family have been with Cookham Medical Center now for over 5 years. We have always found this centre to be well run, efficient and super helpful. Thank you.

Author: Claire Simpson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
The doctors are good, but be VERY CAUTIOUS of the receptionists. They will, frequently “lose” precription requests. My husband has heard and seen ladies on the reception gossiping about patients issues ( a gentleman with genital problems) I won’t print name of patient, as I found it very distasteful and cruel. I’ve no doubt this review will be mysteriously deleted. Awful customer facing service

Author: Haru Iwa
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I should give 1 star.. I handed my prescription to them the last Monday but they don’t proceed with it and I cannot get the medicines yet (10 days passed). I had to call them and found GP did not complete the process at all.
