Practice: LODDON VALE PRACTICE
Canonical code: K81069
Postcode: RG5 4UX
Google Maps title: The Loddon Vale Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 110
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Loddon+Vale+Practice/@51.4547832,-0.892138,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876845b63e4a473:0xcb7ae18d0bb30982!8m2!3d51.4547799!4d-0.8895577!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jkyjnvdx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81069-loddon-vale-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Danielle Knight
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently went to this place to have a cyst removed out of my head. They was unable to remove it, I was given no advice on how to look after my wound which has 3 stitches in it. A plaster was stuck over it, I'm now worried about taking the plaster off incase I pull the stitches. So I left with a cyst that now feels bigger then before and scar just to make it even more visible. When I got outside I began vomiting and became really dizzy, there was no aftercare whatsoever. Very disappointing experience. He also informed me he'd hit 3 blood vessels and was alot of blood, but still no care was taken that I was ok.

Author: Donna Collins
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I spoke to Sonia today on the admin team. Sonia was very helpful and went beyond what I was asking for. Many thanks

Author: Vinay M
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent medical service. Friendly staff and doctors

Author: Yogen Ma
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Doctor Simon is quite nice and helpful there are some staff in this clinic not supportive obviously

Author: Julian Rowley
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor appointment policy. Phonecall 1: Told cannot book >4 weeks in advance told to phone back on certain date Phonecall 2: Told cannot book, still too far in advance despite being asked to call back on this day Phonecall 3: Told can only book advance appointments after 2pm on a Friday (nobody previously mentioned this) Phonecall 4: Finally book appointment Week later, appointment cancelled. Call the surgery and get told you cannot book another unless you phone after 2pm on a Friday. Total farce. NHS hospitals may be a great thing but the GP system is poor No wonder people just go straight to A and E.

Author: Sarah Chart-Hart
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I brought my mum to see Dr. Singh today and he was very kind and very respectful. I appreciated that he didn’t talk over her as I have seen doctors do to older adults in the past, he directed questions to her and made it clear that he wanted her to make decisions about her care- he was willing to guide her but let her make decisions. I felt very fortunate that we were able to see him- my mum has seen him in the past and he has been diligent in her care. I was worried that I wouldn’t be able to get an appointment because the practice told me they weren’t making appointments until the new year so I would have to call the morning I wanted the appointment. I was over 30th in queue when I called at 8 am but the wait wasn’t too long and the receptionist was helpful and made the appointment for her the same day.

Author: Liv Mai
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always had a good experience with this practice. Yes it's a busy practice, but they all are now. Maybe I've been lucky. Two doctors in particular (who we have seen as a family for years) have been excellent. When I called the reception this morning the lady who answered was very helpful.

Author: sylwia pucher
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
sylwia pucher3 reviews4 months ago

Author: E S
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In a word - Useless. Had multiple issues over the years including refusal for home visits for my disabled late grandmother (who had to be autopsied because they refused to see her), and taking hours to arrange an emergency prescription requested by paramedics for my grandfather. Now we can't even book an appointment for the simplest of requests (directed to a website that doesn't work!). Absolutely disgraceful "service".

Author: Leave Blank
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist was completely vile and clearly in the wrong line of work. I was told I was only allowed to discuss ONE issue with the Dr per appointment. As a new patient on a variety of medications there was more than one thing I needed to discuss but was told I'd need to pick one! Utterly outrageous! When I saw the Dr they rushed through my appointment, it was just a blur! They gave me the same prescription items despite me trying to discuss they needed changing. I will be transferring back to Woodley Centre Surgery and complaining to the ombudsman
