Practice: WOOSEHILL PRACTICE
Canonical code: K81092
Postcode: RG41 3DR
Google Maps title: Woosehill Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 174
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woosehill+Medical+Practice/@51.4137554,-0.8577978,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487683e47172ecff:0xe41729eaf9e95cff!8m2!3d51.4137521!4d-0.8552175!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12cp1msyl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81092-woosehill-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Luke Luke
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is a total joke! Today I have received a text stating my Blood pressure is high and I need to monitor for 7 days recording it daily, I have not visited the surgery for god knows how long so I called them, clearly this is wrong, I am told 'oh these messages have gone out today because we do not have a recent reading recorded, so you do not need to monitor for 7 days but do need to provide us with a reading!' What a joke, the text states 'YOU HAVE HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE' - yet you have no recordings, entirely the wrong message and just another reason to hate this pathetic service.

Author: Rachel Jiang
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
very hard to get an appointment, waited long time on the phone to speak to a lady but telling me I have to use the new online website to email ( link only opens from 8 and don’t know when will be closed) being sick, I just wanted to know how to get an appointment but the lady on the phone seems impatient.

Author: Sriol
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Every interaction I've had with their reception staff has been rude and haughty. Always so quick to knock you down, then when it turns out you were right and they've just screwed up for months, you get nothing. The doctors could be lovely, but I don't want any more interactions with their terrible reception staff.

Author: Katherine Sargeant
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service - go into ask questions on behalf of my elderly mother, get directed to the online system and the service is not available, so now I’m holding at 8 am …

Author: Fiona watt
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently moved from WMC and its been an absolute pleasure. The team are very helpful and kind. After years of data breaching, given medication that made my problem worse and many extremely unprofessional interactions at WMC, it's been lovely to be looked after. Thank you

Author: Natasha Thornton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Woosehill Medical Centre for over 20 years and have always felt reassured and well cared for by all of the medical practitioners. My recent experience was no exception – from Jenny who dealt with my call, was friendly and couldn’t have been more helpful, to Dr Anand who was outstanding, taking the time to listen, explain everything clearly, and provide truly compassionate care. Kathie (nurse) has also always provided excellent asthma care and education, showing genuine care and compassion. The online triage system is a great feature and makes accessing care much easier and more convenient. Woosehill Medical Centre continues to be an excellent practice with a fantastic team, and I wouldn’t hesitate to recommend them.

Author: Karl Turner
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You have more chance of winning the lottery than getting an appointment here. If I want an appointment I can’t book one for date X at a time of my choosing, no matter how many weeks in advance it is. I have to be ready to call at 8am, sit in a queue, and have to accept a same-day appointment. This isn’t possible for me, I have to work. And what if you can’t connect Woosehill to your NHS app? You’ll get a ‘computer says no’ when you seek help from the receptionist who’ll tell you to ‘pop in’ to their workshop on a Wednesday from 1pm - 3pm. Sorry, love, but I work that day. Oh, and did I mention the day I drove there to book an appointment in person as I couldn’t get through on the phone? Well, guess what - I was sent away and told I have to call them at 8am the next day if I want an appointment! UPDATE: Very pleased with the new booking system; very easy to sign in upon arrival; VERY unhappy with my interactions with the asthma doctor. She was abrupt, repeatedly interrupted me (which required me to repeat myself on more than one occasion to continue communicating what I wanted to say) and didn’t listen to my questions. In particular, when I asked a question about how her diagnostic machine worked, she gestured at a piece of paper and told me to “find the answer there”. RUDE, RUDE, RUDE. I came within a hair’s breadth of telling her how rude she is. (Think: Emma Thompson (the nurse) from Bridget Jones 3.)

Author: Carole T
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very complex to access services. You can see how serious medical issues might slip through the net with patients who are already venerable-

Author: Celine
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
THANK YOU for implementing an online booking system for appointments. Having to call at 8am and wait for ages to book an appt was the only downside with this surgery, but now it should hopefully be easier.

Author: David Sumner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
David SumnerLocal Guide · 63 reviews · 3 photos4 months ago
