Practice: FARNHAM ROAD PRACTICE
Canonical code: K81075
Postcode: SL2 1HD
Google Maps title: Farnham Road Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 579
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Farnham+Road+Practice/@51.5298412,-0.6203805,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487664dee7d6f5c3:0xfd18de88f949542b!8m2!3d51.5298379!4d-0.6178002!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjv2_n4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81075-farnham-road-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Neil James
Date: 16 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been using the Farnham rd practice for some time now and find all the staff to be very polite and understanding from reception to the doctors and pharmacy, just recently had a blood test with Amanda,I've other medical problems which I was struggling to deal with she took the time to listen to me and understood what i was saying and guided me in the right direction, so thanks to all who work there and in pharmacy for your patience and dedication,

Author: Antos Zych
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Antos Zych4 reviews2 days ago New

Author: Trevor Wilson
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always receive the best treatment from nurses. Receptionists are always very helpful and accommodating. A surgery that is actually a pleasure to visit. This was The avenue in britwell.

Author: Tas Sang
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cindy was amazing. My father who is 93 required urgent medical attention. Cindy was very professional and understanding. A face to face appointment was scheduled. Keep up the fantastic work. Many thanks Jatinder Chaggar

Author: Ilona
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don’t know who I’m talked last two days by phone about my repeat prescription, but the lady who spoke with me was so respectful, so helpful and so patient. In this strange world especially in GO surgery this is unique!!! I have best experience with staff in this surgery. Thank you

Author: nathelia richardson-blake
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful doctor’s surgery! I sent a complaint email a month ago regarding rude, dismissive and argumentative reception staff and have had no response. I requested for a blood test (which again took forever for the surgery to just send me the link) and had two phone calls from two different people to discuss two different things regarding the outcome of my blood test. The reasons why I wanted the blood test have not been acknowledged and no one has even called to discuss the results regarding my concerns initially raised for the blood test. The two phone calls I had were poor and were rushed not allowing me time to write information down. It was like it was a tick box just to record that they had spoken with patient. I need to understand what I have going on which means I did a face to face meeting to gain clarity, have my questions answered and understand my next steps. I have been requesting to have a face to face appointment which is taking so long for the practise to organise. Now someone is going to phone me again when I keep asking for a face to face appointment. I had my blood test in February and I have no answers to my concerns and am struggling to get a face to face appointment! Absolutely awful!!!!!! This whole experience has left me having no faith in this practise and I feel unheard and that nobody cares about what the support I need.

Author: shabana murtaza
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jessica was very friendly and sorted my enquiry out with great professionalism. I was very happy with her service. Thanks Jessica

Author: Ahsan Nawaz
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Online opening hours don’t reflect in-store pharmacy hours.

Author: Irena Dmuchovskiene
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
You can visit until 6.30pm you get information
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Many Thanks for your 5 star feedback. Much Appreciated.

Author: Maureen Waters
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I rang the surgery this afternoon and had a problem. I have had an eye operation and my husband had a chest infection so neither of us could drive to put my husband’s prescription in to the doctor’s surgery. We got someone to do it for us on Monday morning but we were aware we hadn’t given the prescription the allowed time. So Martin needs his tablets by tomorrow. Jas was so kind on the phone. She checked with the duty doctor and solved the problem. We will pick up the tablets in the morning. I have been with the doctor’s surgery for over 60 years. I have never had a reason to complain only compliment the doctors and staff. Thank you all so much and have. Lovely Christmas Martin and Maureen Waters
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Many Thanks for your 5 star feedback. Much Appreciated.
