Practice: EASTHAMPSTEAD SURGERY
Canonical code: K81087
Postcode: RG12 7BB
Google Maps title: Easthampstead Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Easthampstead+Surgery/@51.4054908,-0.75674,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4876809fcf1c0099:0xfc00b18c2061c5cc!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876809fd7650525:0x364b131e1be8af43!8m2!3d51.4054875!4d-0.7541597!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgdhh0p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81087-easthampstead-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matias -
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ive been with this surgery for a month, and everything has been super good so far. From joining the gp, getting an appointment, the attention received by the receptionist, and of course the attention received by the doctors.

Author: K Wey
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception staff are top. Very helpful.Best surgery in Bracknell.

Author: Shiny Bonsly
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shiny Bonsly5 reviewsa month ago

Author: Adam
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This Pharmacy is 10/10. If you’re nice, polite and not rude, they will go above and beyond to ensure you get the best service - Better than any other Pharmacy I’ve ever come across. I just want to say massive thank you to all the ladies for making my healthcare management a lot more simpler and less stressful.

Author: Dominique Smith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I just changed from Forest Health and wow - chalk and cheese. I received more help in 10 days than I did from them in 2 years. Receptionists are friendly and helpful, and the online booking system is very easy to use.

Author: Susan East
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a fantastic surgery. They all work very hard. Dr Suresh is a great doctor who is very passionate about her job and looking after her patients.

Author: Zivile Kalinauskiene
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My child sick. One day we went to the doctor, who said it was a virus and told us to get in touch again if there was a fever after few days. When we contacted them again to see a doctor, they just sent a message telling us to go to the pharmacy and buy something they would recommend, and pharmacy suggested cough medicine. In the end, I get a call from the doctor, and when I say that I bought cough medicine, they say it’s better not to give it. Seriously??? One minute I’m told to go to the pharmacy, the next minute the pharmacy advice is wrong, and I’m wasting money on unnecessary medicine! However, I would not recommend the doctor Dr. Marshall, seem to work carelessly, just rushing patients out of the office! Terrible.

Author: Tiana Bishop
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
November 2025 Brought my 19 month old daughter in yesterday for a severe allergic reaction (before we knew what it was) and was given a prescription allergy medication and was told to come back if symptoms get any worse. Ended up bringing her back down today because her lips had started to turn blue and we were turned away from the hospital. We were given a rushed appointment where I had to explain everything that had happened again and told to wait outside the room whilst two more patients were seen. I could then hear Dr Khan and the receptionists talking about us in the staff area 'that same baby is back that was here yesterday, she's really bad now, very blotchy' 'why on EARTH would you give her the same thing that gave her the reaction before??'. This really upset me, of course she was not intentionally given the same thing, we had no idea she even had any allergies and were just told to keep a food diary for the next 4 weeks to try and figure out what was causing it. I have never felt so belittled by medical professionals, the way they spoke about us within earshot (not quietly either) was blatantly unprofessional. I called my own mum crying and only then was I spoken to nicely by the staff. We'll be going straight to A&E if it happens again because the stress and embarrassment was beyond belief.

Author: Guljan Bailey
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just changed to Easthamstead doctors surgery. Managed to book an online appointment for the future. Was offered three different dates and lots of different times. Much less stressful than calling at 8: 00am with 50 people in front of you. I saw Dr khan she was helpful, compassionate and listened. Both receptionist where friendly and helpful and helped me set up my online patient access. So pleased I changed to East Hampstead surgery.

Author: Lianne H
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Khan is simply the most wonderful GP. She is genuinely compassionate, highly knowledgeable and is a fantastic listener. Her approach feels like how visiting a family GP must have been in the past. I've never had a GP so genuinely interested and compassionate, one who takes the time to get to know you as a person as a whole, which I imagine is no mean feat considering the NHS of today. In addition, reception staff are without fail friendly, warm and welcoming. It's easy to get an appointment, they will always do their best to book you in in future if necessary which is so helpful, particularly if it's hard to call at 8:00am. The online appointments form is easy to use and so helpful that it can be accessed throughout most of the day. Overall it's a wonderful service and I get the impression that it's run and managed by individuals who genuinely care about their patients. If I could put it forward for an award, I would.
