Practice: PEMBROKE SURGERY
Canonical code: K81100
Postcode: RG1 5PG
Google Maps title: Pembroke Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 87
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Pembroke+Surgery/@51.4496422,-0.9547975,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876a6c22bb996e1:0x378bd7c037a52453!8m2!3d51.4496389!4d-0.9522172!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6sdtfy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K81100-pembroke-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Wes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely Despicable surgery. I don't want to be this harsh, I've hesitated for literally years to call this surgery out. But sadly the pattern hasn't improved over the years. I have literally not known a GP practice like it. Lies, rudeness and poor duty of care. Zero response to complaints or emails Hence this post, The only surgery I've ever known to turn a patient away with practicaly mediocre intervention of trying new meds that may work better than others when your in pain and have been for over 4 years and current painkillers aren't doing anything. I'll just stay in pain for another 4 years shall I!!! Additionally, This is the real SHOCK! Heaven forbid your anxious or in a panic attack about your symptoms, your then faced with a doctor shouting at you down the phone, Being rude, sarcastic or dismissive. If I did that in my job I'd be sacked. I cannot wait to see a new GP. Nothing can be worse than this surgery surely.

Author: luca scalzo
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Hope this review gets viewed by as many as possible as this GP is an absolute SCAM. The ladies at receptions as absolute rude and hopeless, they answer with impunity and complete detachment like they will never face consequences, i have been waiting for over 1 week to get a form filled in order to book my test and nothing! the doctor has not done it and now it is off they are saying to me.. i have also paid £40 to have it done and still nothing. this is stopping me to book urgent vital test with my private health insurance ( which i had to buy due to the shortfall of the NHS and this GP ) absolute waste of resources and time with them !!!!! do not book you here and leave if you are here they simply deserve to shut down and find a different job in life!

Author: Elizabeth Andjamba
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Khan has always been supportive and assuring . Thank you Dr Khan for your good services. I appreciate your support

Author: lee k
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
lee kLocal Guide · 14 reviews · 6 photos2 months ago

Author: Chameleon Flamingo
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Have rejoined online which is quite easy but repeat info. Had overall positive experiences a few years ago & reviews are positive, reception fine & got appts, ultrasound scans when in pain, referrals. It is a bit far & unsure where but hope will be helpful.

Author: GRACE LAI
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A big thank you to Pembroke Surgery, all staff I have met have been helpful and supportive. Dr. Khan replied to my call promptly about my daughter's conditions. He was kind, reassuring, and straight to the point. I truly appreciate his care and professionalism.

Author: Dinuji Thathsarani
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dinuji Thathsarani9 months ago

Author: Arshad Mohammad
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Arshad Mohammad9 months ago

Author: Stephen McCoull
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The NHS is under a lot of pressure, for years there’s not been enough resources provided, and that means every GP surgery is under a lot of pressure. People should take that into account when moaning about this surgery (instead of moaning about the continued aiming of NHS funds at private organisations rather than the NHS itself). I had an extremely painful issue with my hip. I called up and, because I couldn’t think clearly enough to use the surgery website, the reception, despite being very busy, was extremely helpful. There were no appointments available but I had a call that day which meant I could get some pain medication prior to the night. There were no appointments available for some time but they squeezed me in on the Friday (I called Wednesday). Unfortunately, the person I was having the appointment with was unexpectedly unavailable on the Friday. They offered me an appointment later that day but when they realised I was in a lot of pain, unable to drive myself and had arranged a lift for a specific time, they did their best to sort out an appointment, with another doctor, at a similar time to my original appointment. I could tell they were over stretched but they understood the urgency and, despite having a lacking of resources (not their fault too many people going to too few GPs), they did their very best to help me. Throughout my phone calls with them they were always very polite and extremely helpful. I’m very grateful for their help. People should understand the stresses the NHS is under and take that into account because a lot of people in the NHS are doing their very best, this surgery included. Thanks for all your help.

Author: Vithal Adatia
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Not worth it
