Practice: WATLING STREET PRACTICE
Canonical code: K82009
Postcode: MK11 1YA
Google Maps title: Watling Street Practice @ Stony Stratford
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Watling+Street+Practice+@+Stony+Stratford/@52.0561741,-0.8916923,14z/data=!3m1!5s0x4877019c633244e7:0x4464571025678bf0!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWATLING+STREET+PRACTICE+MK11+1YA!3m8!1s0x4877019c9aaed215:0xf575937a9dcfab58!8m2!3d52.0561741!4d-0.8535835!9m1!1b1!15sCiBXQVRMSU5HIFNUUkVFVCBQUkFDVElDRSBNSzExIDFZQZIBFXB1YmxpY19tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1xb2d1s3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82009-watling-street-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: R
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Ostracised once again because of a lack of understanding from another female doctor about issues affecting men and how to give clear information to a patient about how and when they are to pick up their prescription... Feel very unwelcomed by one or two people and then fully welcome and understanding with everyone else, not expecting a few negative and incorrect medical opinions to convince me to join another practice just yet, perhaps the same male doctor I saw last time and will be seeing again will actually boost my confidence in the medical practice and UKs abilities in medicine altogether in these trying times of a highly corrupt bunch of politicians, surely you're not all in the game just because your peers and parents forced you into the role of appointed authority from a young age, surely some doctors actually want to do their job and not just get paid to do something they don't want to actually do like the rest of the labour force and industrialised society, literally twice now I've had two separate doctors give me their medical assumptions without even listening to what I tell them, just start assuming they've seen it all and know everything, when one of them cannot even explain to a patient why she thinks the words are offensive. Abbreviate the sentance "For Christs Sakes" Duh people are in pain when they come to visit you, swearing is actually recognised as a way of mitigating pain, don't have to take it all personally and be a big baby because someone pointed out an error of judgement made by someone who should be trained to see that patients recieve medication correctly. Childish response to a word, if she wanted to not hear people speak she could have just put her fingers in her ears and gone 'lalalalala' to show what a big baby she was being, thank you very professional receptionist and HR departments, I don't hate women no matter how cruel they choose to be.

Author: BethanyAnneWood
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. It doesn’t matter how much pain you’re in, the doctors don’t care and don’t listen.

Author: Andrew Williams
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Andrew Williams1 review4 months ago

Author: Sophie McNeil
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception team and how the surgery is generally run is appalling. You feel like you need to argue and advocate for yourself constantly. When you have an ongoing condition you need to be able to access health care, not have your requests repeatedly closed without any help. You try for days to get an appointment and then you have to wait for a week. It's ridiculous. You call the reception and you get attitude and no assistance. The doctors are great, when you can see them.

Author: Lauren Taylor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible first impression - felt positive after registering and getting confirmation the next day that I was all registered but after calling at 8am for an appointment, I was promised a call or email the same day to confirm an appointment - still hadn't heard at 2pm so I chased and was again promised I would hear same day. Now at 6.30pm when they close and have heard nothing whatsoever. Very disappointing.

Author: Jayne Williams
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called at 8 am, 13 in queue and waited for call back, 25 minutes. The online form I had completed directed me to A&E which is unnecessary and whilst removing me from their drs appointment list puts the strain elsewhere in nhs. Spoke with receptionist called Angie who is clearly one of the rudest people I have ever spoken to at this practice. Why would you take a job as a doctors receptionist if you have no ability to behave professionally with patients? Point blank refused to fill in the form to help me make an appointment. I was eventually able to complete the online form with her but this was after she was verbally abusive about the form I had completed saying I could submit the form which I clearly could not. I had to repeat this for 15 minutes and also ask to speak with the practice manager. This practice is not fit for service anymore. I will be submitting a complaint and contacting the MP.

Author: Ella Williams
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since being absorbed by Watling Street, I am unable to get through to reception or book important appointments. I've tried to call three times over the past week and been unable to get through with ques of 8-15 people each time. This has been at 11-12 midday. I can not book online through the service for the type of appointment I need (which is now overdue). Unacceptable management of this practice and a huge reduction in the service since the change in management.

Author: Gavin Anderson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really difficult to get appointments and support. Once you get a full appointment, they are excellent. However, that may take weeks; the last test took two weeks to request, three weeks to wait for the test results, and a further week to receive them. Then, they closed it, and I had to start all over again. Nice staff, terrible IT and systems.

Author: Linda Collier
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just back from seeing the doctor. Filled in an online form this morning and was offered same day appointment. The doctor was very thorough as was the lady I saw three weeks ago. Cannot fault the service and care I am currently receiving

Author: Mark ignacious
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful service now, their website is particularly to navigate. Unprofessional
