Practice: THE MANDEVILLE PRACTICE
Canonical code: K82019
Postcode: HP21 8TR
Google Maps title: Mandeville Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 688
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mandeville+Surgery/@51.8022598,-0.8235685,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4876f6fc7a17fdf3:0xc1e6cda62cd73ccd!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876f6fc64a4e0db:0x9afc83612e2272ff!8m2!3d51.8022565!4d-0.8209882!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cs5nfh6n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82019-the-mandeville-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Janice Merry
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Had a phone appointment in November for a ADHD diagnosis shared care referral. Filled out a questionnaire with the GP over the phone. They asked me to wait for a response from my chosen shared care provider. I waited as requested. Nothing happening. I asked what's going on and they said that I need to fill in the form myself, they haven't done a referral. Didn't bother to let me know. So I filled in the questionnaire myself and handed it over. Turns out that also wasn't right (after waiting and chasing, because they never bother to inform patients) so I had another GP appointment, in person, to fill out yet another questionnaire. Then, finally, they have made a referral BUT to the wrong provider. I have asked a thousand times to use the correct provider. So I called again, they have then sent it off to the correct provider. Hooray. Waited 8 weeks, as per waiting time, checking with the provider how much longer the wait is. They said they have returned the referral because it's the wrong questionnaire and asked the GP to provide the correct form. Once again they didn't bother to let me know. So I've waited for MONTHS for absolutely bloody nothing. Absolute joke.

Author: Iwona Dusinska
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Iwona Dusinskaa week ago New

Author: Kim Charlton
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best experience

Author: S l
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Theresa Howard-Birt did a fantastic job with me with respect to diabetic foot check and blood test and pressure. She was very thoughtful competent and it speaks extremely well to Mandeville surgery they have someone as well trained as her on staff. Definitely excellent care.

Author: Sydra Hussain
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Had my daughters first injection booked today they even sent a message went there the receptionist was interested in a hamper that previous client bought in than checking clients in. And she said it was on the 11th. Why sent a text and blamed the computer what a waste of time.

Author: Valelia Byas
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I saw dr Terry a few times my 1 year old daughter had fungus all over her arms and back the dr just gave me dry skin lotion eg cetraban, when i saw another dr i was tols she has fungus which was passed by a cat or germs. Then i was booked again hoping the same dr but she was sick and they put me to see terry, again did not do anything just talking. I went pakistan got my daughter treated there, now the dungus is gone. Well better.

Author: Ahmad Elwahsh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great experience professional and great advice

Author: Ramona Nicola
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Read a few reviews and I was surprised to find positive comments. Truth is for some reason the practice is mismanaged. Not sure why they can't get a grip and organise themselves. The online form ia only available to fill out during working hours?? Why? There are people that work there that are just very slow at doing the admin jobs. Maybe hire admins to assist the clinicians and that would shorten the visits? Not sure, I can't see the data and patterns to understand where is this operation failing. Seems that after covid for some reason NHS are overwhelmed. I think they have this notion stuck in their heads and they can't overcome it.

Author: Nick Ringsell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Like most GP practices when you get to see a GP their great & do everything they can for 90% of patients. Reception/telephone operators absolutely 0 empathy for anyone! 81yr old with mobility issues needs to use a wheel chair got to assist them in and out of car. If the automated check in machine isn't working report to reception! Wait 5mins because another patient is talking to them doctor can't see you now as your late your appointment was 10 mins ago. Rebook via online system.... That takes 2days to get a response!

Author: Sahara HN
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an amazing experience at surgery from start to finish it was so simple and straight forward' and Charlotte made me and my little 1 year old smile.. she had a temperature and was not in a great mood so clingy.. but Charlotte was miss rachel for that time lol' so calm and patience' usaly when it's all rushed my little ones cry and won't want a checkup.. but Charlotte was so warm and loving and did not feel like we was at the doctors.. I want to say thankyou so much. :)
