Practice: SOVEREIGN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K82025
Postcode: MK15 8AJ
Google Maps title: Sovereign Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sovereign+Medical+Centre/@52.0609896,-0.7487106,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877aaf570db39b7:0x51ddaf71909146b5!8m2!3d52.0609863!4d-0.7461303!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vzv3565?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82025-sovereign-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: thuthisan ONGARALINGAM
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an wonderful experience. The staff are absolutely amazing friendly, caring, and highly professional. They made me feel comfortable and truly listened to my concerns. The environment of the centre is nothing short of fantastic modern, clean, and welcoming, creating the perfect setting for quality healthcare. It's clear that the team genuinely cares about their patients and strives to provide the best possible care in a warm and supportive environment. I highly recommend this centre to anyone looking for a medical facility with exceptional staff and a positive atmosphere. Thank you to everyone for making my visit so smooth and reassuring!

Author: Dinesh Sripriya
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good ..

Author: Lynda White
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great staff and always helpful .

Author: Adil Google
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Recently transferred to this GP as I had moved from London to Milton Keynes and I must say I was very disappointed. I needed a follow up blood test and was informed to call in at 8am in the morning or online. Had a look online and no appointments in 6 weeks available. Receptionist essentially told me my only choice is to call in 8am when everyone’s calling in. Immediately transferring again, no thanks.

Author: Janet Ridgway
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely doctors and staff. Easy to get a appointment. The doctors here listen to you and suggest ways forward with your condition.

Author: Neesha Hindocha
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Neesha Hindocha5 reviews5 months ago

Author: Andrei Semen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sovereign Medical Centre is great for the local community—appointments are usually available the same day or next day. The centre is spacious, well-maintained and has ample free parking. A special thank you to Dr. Vikram Puri, who, after multiple consultations (in person and via NHS app), proved to be a true professional. His advice and treatment worked really well.

Author: Sharika Anjum
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I dealt with Helen and Wendy for an administrative issue and they were able to swiftly help me. Wendy especially was very knowledgable and accommodating! I get through the phone lines fast and Sovereign always has friendly people on the line. I am grateful for their service. Unfortunately, not all the reception team were aware that we can submit queries online and documents can be emailed, so important to give up to date training to all staff. Much better to do this as saves the planet and paper rather than posting especially in the modern age! Thanks very much.

Author: Ceri Howard
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I hear stories all the time about people's horrendous experiences with their medical centre. Sovereign Medical Centre is so efficient. Staff are always helpful and I can't fault them at all. 5 stars from me every time!

Author: Kim Rine
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Couldn’t wish for a better surgery, never have a problem getting an appointment. Dr Muthaveloe, Dr Puri and Dr Nasiri are god sends and always very supportive. Shout out to Chris Kennedy and Julie, nothing is ever too much trouble for them
