Practice: FISHERMEAD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K82064
Postcode: MK6 2LR
Google Maps title: Fishermead Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 130
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Fishermead+Medical+Centre/@52.0362123,-0.7500978,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877aabf4ea64b1d:0xb98cbe78759c80e5!8m2!3d52.036209!4d-0.7475175!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1wwz68?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82064-fishermead-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shraddha Singh
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Shraddha Singh2 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Ree Ibrahim
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I attended a last-minute appointment today and left feeling extremely upset and unheard. From the start, the doctor was unwelcoming, rude, and dismissive. I explained that I have been experiencing continuous bleeding for two months following a miscarriage and that I had been advised not to ignore these symptoms and to seek medical attention promptly. Instead of being listened to, my concerns were minimised. I was told that women have bled for years and questioned as to why I was complaining. When I asked if there was anything that could be done to help, I was told that an ambulance could be called “if it feels like I’m dying.” I was not given the opportunity to fully explain my symptoms, including concerns about a possible infection and difficulties going to the toilet. I was repeatedly interrupted and spoken to in a raised and aggressive manner. I was instructed to take tablets that I have not yet received and to complete blood tests, which I did today. I left the appointment feeling distressed, unsupported, and still in pain. I went home and cried. This was a very disappointing experience at a time when I was already physically and emotionally vulnerable. I hope this feedback is taken seriously so that other patients are treated with more empathy and respect.

Author: R H
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m one to complain but a nice feedback is also nice to be given where it’s due. This is mainly to Leigh the receptionist manager, such a lovely soul, even though she done I think two or three of my B12 jabs the moment I walked in it felt like we’d known each other years ahah, she just has this nice welcoming about her. She has a lovely aura about her and makes you feel comfortable with no awkward silences when in the room. Even when I walk in the surgery she’ll acknowledge you and say good morning or good afternoon if she sees me. Thank You : )

Author: Saadia Gardezi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Its a good practice. I requested online and was given an appointment the same day via text. Staff at reception was nice, got me booked in for my next one.

Author: NightWatch
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited the clinic today regarding workplace-related anxiety. My GP referred me to Victoria, who listened attentively and provided valuable advice. I feel very satisfied and supported by the services provided. The online appointment system is also very easy to use and efficient.

Author: Tracey Westhorpe
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I've been with Fishermead Medical Centre since I was child and I am now 46! I've always found many of the staff so helpful and supportive with appointments and reminders, they have bent over backwards to help both myself and my family Very greatful xx

Author: Alex
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception admin staff are very quick to get rude to you, doesn’t matter if you’re polite and don’t raise your voice they will get shitty with you anyway. Dr Ali is one of the rudest and unprofessional doctor I met. She shouts and get angry for no reason. If you don’t like your job you should quit and stop taking it out on patients. Since the online system has gone up it’s Impossible to get an appointment. They only allow you to book online now so I don’t understand why there is 2-3 useless admin staff sitting around doing nothing all day, waste of money If you can avoid this surgery

Author: raja omi
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
guys stay away from this surgery one if u want to get suffer then you are welcome very boring staf who just come to work for time pass u will not get any appoiment from them they will say just do it online because they do not want to handle any kind if work and only want to get paid

Author: henry
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
been with health centre since 1995 cannot complain about anything stafff brilliant and doctors as well staff always nice and pleasent and helpful no one practice

Author: Denise Richardson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Denise Richardson8 months ago
