Practice: ASHFIELD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K82054
Postcode: MK6 4NE
Google Maps title: Doctors -Ashfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 146
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Doctors+-Ashfield+Medical+Centre/@52.0200765,-0.7403653,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877aaccdeb8539b:0x5bb518e0ea0e030!8m2!3d52.0200732!4d-0.737785!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj7vx08?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82054-ashfield-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Madalina Honciuc
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
If you wanna get frustrated, wait for ages to be seen, and book several appointments to talk about your issues because you are limited to talk then this is the perfect place 👎 …

Author: Tiffany Thomas
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling behaviour by reception staff as my 1 year old daughter was vomiting in the back of my partners car was disrespectful to me as they told me to take my daughter to urgent care however this surgery should of taken her into an appointment as a child under the age of 5 is more likely to have a medical emergency that can lead to an over night stay in hospital my daughter was disregarded at Ashfield medical care I will be changing her doctors and mine as soon as possible I make this review to warn other parents if you have a child under 5 stay clear from Ashfield medical centre as they do not care about the well being of kids under the age of 5

Author: Mitalee Rani dash
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This morning I booked an online appointment, but since I didn’t receive any response, I called the reception. After trying many times, someone finally answered, but her behavior was very bad. I can’t even explain how rude she was. How can a receptionist behave like this? How do they keep such people at reception? Very bad service.

Author: Kazza
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
This GP surgery is great. Never had any issues. Staff always have treated me with kindness and professionalism.

Author: Lela Bilali
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dear Rosalia I want to say : thank you so much she was very helpful and kind 😊 I really appreciate her. she always support as. …

Author: tiaesha hawkins
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
tiaesha hawkins3 reviews3 months ago

Author: Dana T
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible service at this clinic. The staff who answer the phones and work at reception are extremely rude and unprofessional. Today, on October 24th, between 12:00 and 12:30, I tried to call the clinic. A white female receptionist spoke to me in an extremely disrespectful and impatient manner. She constantly interrupted me, put me on hold for around 15 minutes, and eventually hung up without letting me finish what I was saying. The doctors are also unhelpful and lack basic professionalism or empathy. They often speak down to patients instead of listening. I came to this clinic seeking mental health support and explained that I have a diagnosed condition and need medical help. Despite this, I was not taken seriously and felt completely dismissed. There is clear discrimination based on race and age, which makes the whole experience even more distressing. Appointments take weeks or even months to schedule, and my GP is almost never available, always away on two- or three-week leaves. I strongly advise against registering with this clinic or booking appointments here. It’s one of the worst healthcare experiences I’ve ever had.

Author: Brijen Hathi
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Register here or stay with this GP surgery if you want a guaranteed no response when you need. They have a circular appointment booking arrangement which makes sure you can't get a non urgent in advance or urgent appointments. Phone at 8am during which getting through the receptionist is probably harder than meeting world's most sought after celebrates.

Author: iMDAD RAHMAN
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Google needs to introduce a minus star rating because rating this joke of an establishment a one star is being far too generous. If there was another route to leave a rating without rating it I would have. Never in my entire life have I waited up to 25 minutes to get through to a GP/ medical centre for then not to get through to someone. I’ll let you make sense of that. I have read the reviews and the majority are negative and for the right reasons too. I also read a review where the person said that there’s competence, where? Please show me the example of competence this surgery showed you because most rudeness stems from being incompetent unless the reviewer got confused on what the opposite of competency was. Whomsoever owns this practice or is a partner and gets to read these reviews, please switch up the people who answer the phones. The negativity is too jarring and quite frankly unacceptable, fix the issue so you won’t be lead to being shut down and resulting to negative comments and feedback. The next step for me will be to find out what steps can be taken to escalate this, obviously no one really cares at the practice.

Author: Megan Mynard
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This one receptionist is so rude! She doesn’t let you ask questions or finish what you’re saying she’s condescending and doesn’t listen. I hate phoning up and hearing her on the phone I’ve had to hang up because I’ve got a text and a voicemail to make an appointment for some jabs, she didn’t let me finish and is already trying to argue that she doesn’t book them that far ahead well why did they send a text and voice note to call back then, she replied it’s “ a reminder for you to book them nearer the time” well that’s not what the lady said on the voice note. Honestly this clinic needs to have a serious look at this receptionist, if she doesn’t like her job, why is she there?
