Practice: THE JOHN HAMPDEN SURGERY
Canonical code: K82035
Postcode: HP16 9EU
Google Maps title: John Hampden Surgery
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/John+Hampden+Surgery/@51.6997059,-0.7418262,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48765fea58af53b1:0x93d7bbc47dac857b!8m2!3d51.6997026!4d-0.7392459!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td7bn7s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82035-the-john-hampden-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: James MacLarnon
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
An excellent example of the NHS working at its very best. The team here balance professionalism with genuine warmth, and every interaction feels personal and considerate. I’ve always felt listened to and well looked after by everyone I’ve dealt with. Truly great people. 10/10. Highly recommended.

Author: Dawn Coltman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have to say when I spoke to Dr Davidson-Fox this morning (first time of speaking to him) I found him to be exceptionally helpful and took the time to listen thoroughly to my symptoms and suggested new ways to help. I’ve always found this surgery to be helpful and easy to deal with. A well deserved 5 stars from me

Author: charlie daniels
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Look, I'm not going to lie, I have experienced some of the things mentioned in other reviews - it's not always easy to see an actual doctor, one of the receptionists in particular is a bit frosty - and to be honest; I don't like being asked questions in front of other people who are sat waiting (privacy isn't great) BUT here's the other side of it... Firstly Doctor Roberts is an incredible doctor and a lovely lady. She is one in a million. There's also a receptionist who I get on well with and makes me laugh. Last week I saw a bubbly nurse who I thought was superb. For those of you who have given low marks: If you only get as far as triage and then you are passed onto someone other than a doctor, then it's because spaces are in demand. Pharmacists and nurses are often capable of solving issues BUT if you're still unhappy - then say why and insist on seeing a doctor. The days of everyone getting a free, quick service have ended - so you might as well move with the times - so IF you can afford it, do the rest of us a favour and go private instead of moaning. (Private health insurance doesn't have to cost a fortune). Now personally, I don't like this modern move towards tech and I use to insist on ringing up. Until I sat and observed just how busy the receptionists actually are and ironically sometimes the result with communicating online can mean you have stuff confirmed in writing rather than on the hoof. But lets face it, like it or not, everything is being done online and apps now and the NHS isn't going to recover anytime soon (Bevan would be turning in his grave!). Our NHS is broken and serving millions more than it did originally. It's lacked decent investment and wasted millions on middle-management for decades. We have to try utilise other options sometimes to take the pressure off. The system works just as well and for example, when sorting repeat prescriptions, you can see any progress. So try and roll with it if you can. No surgery is EVER going to be perfect! But let's get this into perspective - I originally went to another in the village - let me very clear here this was NOT John Hampden, this other surgery lost a biopsy (costing me a year of a cancer diagnosis) AND this other surgery also accidentally gave me access to another patients record and then insulted both me and the other lady by trying to cover it up. THAT WOULD NEVER HAPPEN at the John Hampden! I believe the guys at JH surgery are doing a stirling job, especially given the situation with the country right now. And I for one am very grateful! Charlie

Author: Wendy Bunting
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been with the Surgery for about 10 years, introduced all my family and friends to them. Excellent practice, never had any issues. Well done to all at John Hampden.

Author: Alice Owen
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Do the GPs actually exist?! I've asked multiple times now to see my GP, only to be repeatedly 'triaged' and directed to the pharmacy, a paramedic... neither of which has been authorised to prescribe! Why am I being prescribed medication without examination by a qualified medical practitioner? The nurses are friendly and competent, and the receptionists are pleasant. Just don't expect to actually see a GP!

Author: Patricia Freeman
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have requested the surgery 3 times now to change my 2 tablets to make up my new dosage of medication requested from the hospital after my surgery into 1 tablet only rather than taking 2 to the same dosage they say each time it has been done but now I am receiving all three prescription dosages no wonder the NHS is running out of money ( i would have given NO stars but wouldn't let me post this unless I gave 1 star....

Author: David Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been able to get an appointment on the day, if it's urgent. Less serious problems will mean a longer wait for an appointment.

Author: Liam .Sullivan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If you want a face to face doctor this is not the place for you. Only decent doctor is Miss Roberts. If you have any type of addiction and want help coming off forgot asking them they will turn you away. My friend went to get a simple bandage change from the nurse and was sent to A&E had to wait 5 hours for them to say why couldn't the nurse do this?. I'm just shocked at how I've got treated and will be moving on soon.

Author: Theo Breakspear
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fab staff who are always kind and helpful even when they are clearly in very high demand

Author: andy turner
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always friendly helpful and compassionate. Best surgery I have ever been with . Dr Payne is a pleasure to talk to . Reception staff always very helpful. Well done all of you .
