Practice: RIVERSIDE SURGERY
Canonical code: K82036
Postcode: HP11 2RZ
Google Maps title: Riverside Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 108
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Riverside+Surgery/@51.6330741,-0.7630692,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48768a78afd186e9:0x8457abd4cbd1f0ce!8m2!3d51.6330708!4d-0.7604889!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tj7_gjv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 5
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82036-riverside-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Hannah Johnson
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is fantastic. I’m always given the chance to see a dr if needed and I appreciate the fact that some things can be dealt with over the phone without an appointment saving everyone time. I cannot understand the bad reviews about not being able to see a dr or whatever I have been with this surgery nearly 20 years and never had a problem getting an appointment when needed. The receptionists are great (they have a hard job I’ve worked as one elsewhere so I know!) and are always helpful and compassionate. Having heard other people I know talking about their doctors surgeries and how hard it is to get to even speak to a dr let alone get an appointment, I’m very grateful to be registered with Riverside!
Practice response date: 3 days ago
Practice response:
Thank you very much for your positive review - it is always lovely to receive.

Author: Yaşar Aşmakutlu
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Yaşar AşmakutluLocal Guide · 73 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Kevin Fuller
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Mrs Wrigley today regarding my Diabetes. I was able to discuss my condition freely and she engaged extremely well with me. I left feeling confident in where I am with my condition and how to proceed. It was the first time that we had met and I have no trepidation for future visits. Thank you.
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you Kevin for your positive feedback; this is always lovely to read - we will ensure Mrs Wrigley is aware of this too.

Author: Mohammed Ali
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist are terrible at this surgery.

Author: Julie Dean
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are new to the area but signed up with Riverside through recommendations via the Downley Residents Group and the registration was very straightforward and quick. Recently I had my first query and someone rang me back quite quickly and was extremely polite and helpful and sorted my problem out. So far I am extremely impressed with the service especially as they are very busy dealing with everything.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for this positive review - it is always lovely to read.

Author: Shazia Rehman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just recently signed up to GP surgery. Receptionist was lovely very helpful and friendly. Thank you for your service. Happy Christmas and a new year.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the review, it's really welcomed.

Author: Sophia Qab (So)
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice seems to prioritise phone consultations over face-to-face GP appointments. My 2 years old daughter had been unwell for ten days with flu-like symptoms. I initially requested a GP appointment but was offered a nurse appointment instead. The following day her condition deteriorated and her temperature reached 40°C. I called the practice and, again, was offered a nurse appointment. When I arrived at the practice I insisted that she be seen by a doctor this time, but they simply told me to take her to A&E in Aylesbury if I was concerned. The waiting room was almost empty with only 1 patient waiting! Only after repeatedly insisting was my daughter finally seen by a GP. I was also shocked by the attitude of one receptionist, L. , who was rude and showed little empathy, both in her interaction with me and in the way she spoke to other patients on the phone. In contrast, another receptionist, D. , was polite and helpful. If you are looking for a practice that responds appropriately when young children need to see a doctor and where all staff consistently treat patients with care and respect, this may not be the right place

Author: Ben
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
BenLocal Guide · 14 reviews3 months ago

Author: RA F
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
RA FLocal Guide · 21 reviews4 months ago

Author: Ricky R
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had an extremely disappointing experience with this surgery. The staff can be rude and dismissive, which makes it difficult to feel comfortable or taken seriously as a patient. Communication is poor, and it’s incredibly hard to get clear or helpful advice. The doctors themselves often don’t seem to listen properly. I’ve had to repeat myself multiple times, only to be met with rushed responses or advice that clearly didn’t take my concerns into account. At times, it felt like they had already decided what was wrong before I’d even finished explaining my symptoms. More interested in rushing you through your appointment than taking care of you. What was most alarming was seeing a doctor openly Google my symptoms during the consultation. This was not only unprofessional, but it seriously undermined any confidence I had in their medical expertise. Overall, the experience has been frustrating and disheartening. I’ve felt unheard, undervalued, and let down. I would strongly recommend looking elsewhere if you want professional and respectful medical care.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
We are sorry to read your feedback. If you have a complaint that you wish us to investigate further please email practicemanager.riverside@nhs.net. Please do feel free to re-register elsewhere if you feel we cannot meet your needs.
