Practice: LITTLE CHALFONT SURGERY
Canonical code: K82621
Postcode: HP7 9NU
Google Maps title: Little Chalfont Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Little+Chalfont+Surgery/@51.6677248,-0.5691969,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487668099f530339:0x34a1ed86d5e426f6!8m2!3d51.6677215!4d-0.5666166!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf86k_q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82621-little-chalfont-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jen
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to praise this surgery for several reasons.. Firstly the speed at which appointments are made and how quickly we have been seen. The new online system is brilliant and much quicker and very easy to use. Secondly, for how compassionate and caring both the doctors and nurses are here. Each doctor we have seen here is exceptional- they really listen and show such care and kindness and are very thorough. Thank you to all the team for your care and hard work.

Author: Kirsten Lawrence
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
E-consult forms are efficient and since using this system I haven’t had any issues getting an appointment or getting a response from the surgery.

Author: Ellen Claydon
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My partner and I have been with Little Chalfont Surgery since I was pregnant with our now 4 year old son. I can’t think of a single thing I’ve been unhappy with in that time, and we do visit frequently (as parents of a toddler who’s always got something). All 3 of us have always been seen very promptly and had requests for appointments/referrals/admin/tests completed in a professional and timely manor, reception team are also super friendly and helpful when dealing with them on the phone. I’m so baffled by bad reviews. The GP’s and nurses are all brilliant. Thank you!

Author: HardlyLogical
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Reception has always been kind and responsive to me, my requests have always been met with an answer even though it may not have been the answer I was expecting. I feel as though a lot of the negative reviews may be from people who are not using the eCONSULT system properly, and are maybe not always polite. In my personal experience I have never recieved rudeness or attitude from reception and my needs have been taken care of. Remember to follow their system of procedures and your needs WILL be met.

Author: Millie Flynn
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Some of the doctors at this surgery are very helpful and ensure you get the correct care and treatment, however the entire receptionist department and a few other doctors ruin the good status of this surgery and massively let it down. I have had bad experience after bad experience with this surgery this year and have done for the last couple years, and cannot believe it has not got any better. The receptionists are incredibly rude, unprofessional and unhelpful - it’s like you are a burden to them by calling or experiencing an issue even though it’s partially their job to help and point you in the correct and SAFE direction. There are a handful of doctors there and a few of them will make it their priority that you get better and you receive the treatment and support you need, whereas the rest of them will read you the wrong patient information, miss diagnose you, do anything to get you out of the door so they can go on their break or advise going to 111 as “they don’t know what’s wrong”. My whole family has experienced issues here and it’s a shame as it has potential to be a good supportive surgery but majority of the staff let it down.

Author: Nigel Schroder
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have used the e-consult on my last two occasions when I have had issues and I find this route very effective, fast call back with a great response from the team. Well worth using.

Author: Gareth Bannister
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Impressed with the friendliness and service received to date from this surgery - received a doctor's appointment within a week when required, blood tests a day after that and results within a week. Efficient and appreciated service! Initial registration paperwork was lost so had to go in with documents a second time which is the reason it isn't 5 stars. But I believe this could be because they had recently changed system.

Author: Jackie Bevan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I realise this review differs from most Google reviews to be linked to the surgery, I can only give an unbiased review based on my and wife’s experiences post COViD. We have on six occasions needed medical assistance for different conditions for which we used the ECONSULT system via the surgeries’ website. A very easy form to negotiate. Without exception replies from the surgery arrived on the day of initial contact with the offer of a face to face appointment with a doctor. I had dealings with two separate doctors both of whom were very efficent with identifying cause of illness and the relevant treatment required. Our appointments were within two days of contact, one of mine was within two hours of ECONSULT being submitted. We have been very impressed with the service provided by Little Chalfont Doctor’s Surgery.

Author: Jaidon Josiah
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Joke of surgery. If I could, I’d give it a zero star. To Clarify, I speak on behalf of my girlfriend and her constant, disregarded frustrations and concerns. From what I’ve heard and seen, this surgery needs to work on their priorities and shockingly appalling policy of determining when a patient is in need of a booking/appointment, or not. I wont get into too much detail. But for months, my girlfriend has had a reoccurring problem that could prove life threatening. She hasn’t been able to get a face to face appointment in YEARS due to clearly untrained or careless reception staff, rejecting those reasonable concerns. This includes 111 calls. And instead, the doctor resorts to a lazy solution of throwing her stupid amounts of medication thinking it’ll magically go away, without a scan or proper scrutiny. Or at the minimum just a regular one to one appointment with her GP. This is only a quarter of the issues. I think the mass volumes of 1-2 star reviews say enough about this surgery. The fact that people have to beg and beg just for a face to face appointment with their GP here indicates the lack of care. What and how they are doing things is simply dangerous and I’m very surprised, based of these reviews and complaints, there’s still no hint of things changing. Highly recommend avoiding this place.

Author: Emily Crowston
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude and dismissive receptionist staff and unable to speak to the doctor in person as only receive generic comments from E-Consult system that are not personalised to each patient.
