Practice: WALNUT TREE HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: K82615
Postcode: MK7 7PB
Google Maps title: Walnut Tree Health Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 138
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Walnut+Tree+Health+Centre/@52.0221404,-0.6933819,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877ab4c86b2f5f7:0xa5901ce1d73adba4!8m2!3d52.0221371!4d-0.6908016!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wt3mxxp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K82615-walnut-tree-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Oskar
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Oskar2 reviews4 days ago New

Author: Miane Deria
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Registered my elderly Mother in Law 3 months ago. Never able to see a Dr. 1st appointment was given 1 month later. Asked to see one before and saw a paramedic. Had a telephone consultation with dr. Was told to call if issue got worse. Called was told to go through engage. Call back from admin at 6pm telling me go to a&e. ML wouldn't go to a&e as she felt it wasn't this bad. Called next day for triage. Was told no Dr in today only paramedic and to Go to a&e. What type of practice does not have a Dr! I am at a different practice I never ever had so much difficulties seeing a Dr.

Author: Andy Hudson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just want to share my experience about walnut tree surgury after moving from Ashfeild medical centre. Ive been with them a few months now and i have to say the staff here go above and beyond to make you feel like your being heard. I want to especially say thankyou to Zoe who has been amazing everytime i speak to her. Please remember that these guys look after 20,000 people....so when they give you two minutes...You've been served!

Author: Quanté Bolton
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Quanté Bolton6 reviewsEdited 4 months ago

Author: Becca
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had my ups and downs with any practice. But I would like to especially mention Dr. Emambaksh For being so kind, thorough and listening to me. Genuinely the best doctor I’ve had. Very down to earth and overall a great doctor

Author: Sian Linnell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
This Surgery has improved over the years, at one point it was nearly impossible to get an appointment even calling at 8am. The changes with the engage system I can get a say day or next day appointment if urgent or usually within a couple of weeks if not. The new call back queue is also great and it means that I don't have to wait in a on hold for ages, but instead get a call back the same timeframe as holding, but not actually having to wait on the phone. I have been referred out quickly anytime I have needed a referral with no issues and most of the staff are friendly and helpful. Overall really great improvements to this surgery over the last few years as long as you use the systems correctly.

Author: Anne Burkle
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
It isn't difficult to get an appointment as long as you use the system sensibly. Recently I was given an appointment with a para medic on the same day.

Author: Mary Charlwood
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have used the engage consult recently , had a message back from the surgery within a couple of hours , followed by a phone call from a doctor and an appointment with dermatology within 8 days , excellent service .

Author: Ian McColl
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just tried out the auto call back - so when you phone in you can opt to have the surgery call you back - worked really well and got the call back in the time I could have expected to be in the phone queue. Nice use of technology at first point of contact

Author: Laurell DaCosta
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is absolutely horrible , they don’t offer appointments , the staff are extremely rude and the unprofessional. This is the worst rated surgery , I would have never signed up if I wasn’t moved to area. I have had multiple issues with this surgery regarding refusing to prescribe medication for a life-long illness and I will do my best to push to get this surgery closed down and the practitioners to lose their license to attend to patients when they don’t want to do their jobs. They refuse to actually help and rather dump the workload onto a hospital instead of attending to patients properly . I don’t know how they can still be open with a 2.2 star rating . I’ll be reporting so they can be investigated and shut down immediately.
