Practice: DRYLAND MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K83039
Postcode: NN16 8JZ
Google Maps title: Dryland Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dryland+Surgery/@52.402523,-0.7319508,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48779effcc645db1:0x2bcb50948cd06038!8m2!3d52.4025198!4d-0.7293705!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg6pmgb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K83039-dryland-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matthew Downing-Jones
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this practice from another local gp’s and the service is amazing. Appointments and advice is no problem at all.

Author: soumya alias
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
soumya alias3 weeks ago New

Author: Tina Warren
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I just find the receptionists so rude, they don't listen and talk over you and when you are feeling ill it's not what you need. They say not to abuse the staff.......really what about the patients that are trying to explain what's going on with them but don't listen!!!!

Author: Karen Goode
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very friendly staff. Helpful and sympathetic. Glad to be one of their patients.

Author: Steve
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The way you get spoken to by a receptionist is disgusting,you can never get in to see you doctor he is always out of surgery. On hold for 10 mins waiting for an answer. Tried to book an appointment for a Thursday because its the only day off I get in the week, do you think I could an appointment no I couldn't. Was told try Corby urgent care. Not very happy at all. Been a patient at this surgery since I was little, thinking of changing now. * going up to 3 stars purely for the fact on how helpful Alex and Carly have been today you two are by far the best on the reception team. * Update Had a text today ( 18/07/2023 ) saying a Diabetic review has been booked as a telephone call and not a face to face appointment. Diabetes is a serious condition and I have not actually had a face to face appointment for nearly 2 years absolute joke. Also my Mum who has recently had major open heart surgery and was told at her follow up appointment she has fluid on her left lung and needs to get the surgery to book a referral. The surgery was called by my Mum and the manner in which she was spoken to is disgusting. The response of SORRY WE DON'T THAT is mind boggling. Just actually what do you at this practice for your patients. *Update After being diagnosed with Gout 2 weeks ago was told to call if pain hasn't gone away. Tried to call today as the pain hasn't gone and i'm diabetic so have to get my foot checked was told next appointment is next week and we only pre book telephone appointments. Really I have serious health condition and thats the answer. I'm at the end of my tether and give up with this surgery they always say go urgent care. You need to sort this mess . STOP FOBBING PEOPLE OFF YOUR WAITING ROOMS ARE NEVER BUSY!!!!!! Called today to try and get an appointment "sorry your GP is out of surgery next appointment is 7/11/25" i asked if one of nurse practitioners was avaliable for an appointment. "Sorry we do not pre book with them" I am now done with this practice they keep sending people urgent care. WASTE OF NHS FUNDING AND TAXPAYERS MONEY!!!!

Author: Dean Godwin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have serious medical diagnosed conditions, Borderline personality disorder, Osteoarthritis, Tendinopathy, & no immune system due to Splenectomy. The care the Dryland GP surgery has given me has been awful. I have chronic pain, that my gp just keeps me on pain medication saying there is nothing else he can do. Sad how far NHS has fallen. I'll be looking for a new gp surgery to go to in near future. And the receptionists I've spoken to mostly just want to get you off the phone so quick as if they don't even care in what the patient is trying say to them.

Author: Paul Brown
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After moving home and then going straight i to a hip replacement surgery.i hadn't changed my address yet.i had an appointment booked for a dressing change to make sure there is no infection present which was booked into drylands surgery and then change the address with the doctors a d was told there was a 30 day change over when I arrived at the surgery which is not easy after hip surgery to be turn away as the transfer to the new surgery has already happened .I hav been left high and dry no care for the after surgery and no access to blood thinner medication due to being give false information of the process.l am now having to travel to the new surgery to see if they can help and have a bit more compassion than the drylands surgery who basically said nothing we cant anything with the computer says no attitude it's supposed to be about people's heath

Author: Hayley Goodliffe
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hayley Goodliffe2 reviews · 5 photos7 months ago

Author: Paradise B.
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't stand this GP. I wish I was still at my old one; they were lovely.

Author: Hugh Mccann
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
In January while donating blood I was informed my iron was low and was advised to see my doctor who happens to be Dr Beckett.I walked into the surgery and was told of course you can have an appointment in 10 days time so I decided to to pay for a private medical with blue crest which was sooner than an appointment with dryland surgery. when the results came back with a couple of OTHER red flags, I hand delivered the report to the surgery "for the attention of doctor Beckett." later that day I received a phone call from the receptionist, "what do you want to do with your medical from blue crest ? "Well it's obvious I want Dr Beckett to do her job and act appropriately as she has a duty of care to me . when I explained this to the receptionist she was apparently offended! then I received a letter from dryland surgery about my phone manner basically telling me if I question anything in the future I will be expelled .I am writing this today 6 months after my low iron count and other worrying red flags (for a man of my age)and still doctor Dr Beckett has not and has no care about my health which was red flagged in February. I've also made a formal complaint to the ombudsman who have fobbed me off as well. It seems that doctors are a law unto themselves.
