Practice: THE REDWELL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K83011
Postcode: NN8 4UT
Google Maps title: Redwell Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 100
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Redwell+Medical+Centre/@52.3148133,-0.7041748,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+REDWELL+MEDICAL+CENTRE+NN8+4UT!3m8!1s0x4877a175a5c822ed:0x85f77b8559ee1380!8m2!3d52.314796!4d-0.701612!9m1!1b1!15sCiJUSEUgUkVEV0VMTCBNRURJQ0FMIENFTlRSRSBOTjggNFVUWiQiInRoZSByZWR3ZWxsIG1lZGljYWwgY2VudHJlIG5uOCA0dXSSARVwdWJsaWNfbWVkaWNhbF9jZW50ZXKaASRDaGREU1VoTk1HOW5TMFZKUTBGblNVUm9iR054T0RCM1JSQULgAQD6AQQISxAz!16s%2Fg%2F12hnsstmr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K83011-the-redwell-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Janet rumbelow
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
Have been requested by surgery to book medication review. They have no appointments available ! Received another communication asking me to book as soon as possible. I sent request immediately- they have no appointments! They are booked up until 26 April (today is 19 March). Further Appointments not on system yet and they have no idea when they will be. They cannot say at what time of day appointment availability will be put on system. Receptionist basically said when the Doctor wants to! SO FRUSTRATING. They are asking for review not me !

Author: steve partridge
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service these days

Author: Maty
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Negligent attitude toward life-threatening conditions I have never experienced such a lack of care or professionalism at a GP surgery. Having moved from a previous GP who was much better, the contrast here is shocking and dangerous. Unprofessional Staff & Shambolic Systems The receptionist was dismissive and rude, acting as if I were wasting her time. Their booking system is equally flawed; I was able to book two appointments which they scheduled only an hour apart, showing zero internal coordination. A Dangerous Lack of Medical Urgency I have a brain aneurysm that has previously ruptured. Despite this high-risk history, the "Doctor" I saw was patronising and completely uninterested. He initially tried to brush me off, stating I would need to book separate appointments for each of my concerns rather than looking at my health holistically. Forced to Self-Advocate It was only after I told him that they were doing nothing to help me—and pointed out that if I died, it would be their legal responsibility—that he finally started to listen. It is terrifying that a patient has to resort to discussing their own death and practice liability just to get a doctor to pull his finger out and do his job. Verdict: Avoid this surgery if you have a serious or complex condition. They seem more interested in rushing you out the door than providing actual medical care.

Author: Amelia Smith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I registered with them around October 2025 and there were no issues. However, at the beginning of December 2025, I needed to get an emergency prescription and tried to do so through the 111 service but the pharmacy declined it due to my GP surgery claiming that this had been discontinued without my knowledge. I called the surgery on the following Monday and they said that they’ll have it continued again and that was that. This week I’ve tried to order my repeat prescription and was told that I’ll only get a two week supply because a review needs to be made and this is the first I had heard of it. i’m unsure why they needed to wait to contact me until I ordered my next prescription. For some reason they assumed I can just fork out £20 again for 2 separate prescriptions, despite doing this in December already. I’m not happy with the fact that I have to keep paying for two separate prescriptions in a month in the space of three months. I tried to arrange a Medical Review using Anima and they claimed I did an admin request twice but I selected the correct option twice. I woke up at 7:30 am to do this on my only day off. I called and the receptionist said that I did it wrong and to submit it again for a third time. I said I hadn’t and explained which option I selected both times and couldn’t submit it again. She said I’ll have to wait until Monday now but I’m working every day every week and I don’t have time to keep attempting to get my medication reviewed. I had enough struggle trying to get an appointment last week for something else and eventually just admitted defeat and try to remedy it on my own. This is completely out of order and I feel they’re not supplying the duty of care that I am owed. I will be changing the surgery again but all they have done in the last 3 to 4 months is caused me inconvenience, loss of finances and severe impact on my mental health. They cannot toy around with people’s mental health, finances and medication this way.

Author: C H
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We had an incident with one of the staff members in Redwell, a young lady with long red curly hair. She was incredibly rude while we were talking with her, we were being very civil after an error they made yet she treated my wife with disrespect and inadvertently made her cry. When I arrived to discuss the situation she snapped and called the office manager. This young ladies behaviour was awful and should be held accountable for her actions as the situation was poorly dealt with and this ladies attitude was frankly disgusting.

Author: Yas Mine
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely horrendous. I wrote a review a few months back and for some reason, it's been deleted. So here is another one for you :) I had blood tests done in May, which showed abnormal levels of a certain hormone. They never followed it up until October, via a telephone call which I missed because I was at work and couldn't take the call. I then called back at the end of my shift requesting a call back. Well lo and behold, I was given another telephone appointment A MONTH LATER. The receptionist I spoke to was so rude and condescending, she said to me "make sure you hear your phone this time around". Like who the hell do you think you are??? Know your place, thank you. This practice is, hands down, the worst in the Wellingborough area. Their receptionists in particular need a serious retraining to teach them a decent telephone manner. If in doubt, this is your sign to never register with them.

Author: Sadie Coverley
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve got to say it I saw the doctor one week with a problem and the next week or two I was in hospital. I got checked out. Everything is okay thank God and it was really Quick and good we need to do something with our NHS service to get more people seen quicker so they can live a nice long healthy happy life. It’s terrible for people to find out they’ve got something and waiting for so long. The worry of it will kill you

Author: georgina
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just wanted to say that so far the treatment I have received from this practice has been really good. Reception team have been really nice and helpful, have heard the way members of public speak to them and am shocked at how rude people are. Miss Tazvivinga has been amazing and really helpful, really nice woman. Every person I’ve encountered tbf has been really nice and they are there for you and do provide exceptional care when you really need it. I understand people get frustrated but you do need to remember the NHS is a FREE SERVICE. Just wanted to say the team at redwell are a very good team and have helped me out massively so far, no bad comments from me! So thank you.

Author: Denise Burge
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Denise BurgeLocal Guide · 23 reviews6 months ago

Author: James G
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
From bad to worse. Simply can’t get an appointment. They use the Anima app which is all out of appointments by the times you’ve filled in the details (app opens at 8:30, closed by 08:34) Won’t answer the phone. Doesn’t have the correct options for symptoms so it just goes round in circles differing you to A&E.
