Practice: THE COTTONS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: K83030
Postcode: NN9 6UA
Google Maps title: The Cottons Medical Centre, Raunds
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 128
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Cottons+Medical+Centre,+Raunds/@52.345679,-0.5505004,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877bd6e3c18cd8b:0x53c20ff0ab923ecc!8m2!3d52.3456758!4d-0.5479201!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgj8b2d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K83030-the-cottons-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Karolina
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently had really good experiences at this practise. Always get an appointment through the Anima service. I could not recommend Dr Abdallah more. She’s been lovely and really helpful each time I have seen her. Thank you again:)

Author: Sion Rossiter
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recently joined The Cottons. But the seem very helpful and polite at this doctors. Each time I go to reception I'm greated with a huge smile I believeher name is Carla. The level of stars on review must be incorrect. Very helpful Thanks The Cottons Sion

Author: sharon davidson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So not been able to get into the system cant make an appointment in person and phone wise no joy .

Author: Neil Gates
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Neil Gates1 review3 months ago

Author: Joe hotmail
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
For the second time now, my partner has arrived at the surgery to check in for her appointment only to be told it was cancelled because the doctor was absent. The first time, our baby’s vaccinations hadn’t been delivered in time, and we decided to let that one go — but this happening again is really frustrating. We have to take time off work and arrange childcare for these appointments, and all of that could be avoided with a simple phone call on the morning of the cancellation. It’s disappointing that the surgery doesn’t take the time to notify patients in advance. The staff seem friendly and polite but you’d expect better communication.

Author: Jemma M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Overall a very nice GP practice. All of the staff I've interacted with after joining recently have been very kind and explained things well. Anima is a good system if you take the time to learn how to use it correctly.. The waiting area has plenty of space and a range of chairs for vary requirements and heights which is nice to see. Parking availability is good but the spaces are smaller and some visitors do let themselves down by using the white lines more as an aiming point for their tyres, rather than a bay to park within. I don't feel that the current rating (1.7 stars) is a fair reflection of the practice currently, hence writing this review.

Author: susan giles
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried via hopeless computer appointment system. All appointments gone by 08.10. Been trying for 3 weeks. The phone system was awful this system is far worse

Author: Geraldine Gregory
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Came to book a flu jab for my husband,receptionist asked for the name and birthday. Gave the right answers and was told he's not registered there.we have been going to this surgery for forty years. when questioned she just kept repeating herself, so I just walked out.

Author: Ali Junaid
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The Anima system is going to sink this whole system even further. The amount of questions that are asked is overwhelming for someone who is already stressed. Whoever came up with this idea definitely wants the NHS to fail. Looks like all GPs have been let go and the practice is being run by nurses. If you are lucky to get through the Anima, the most you will get is an appointment with a nurse. My experience with some the nurses has been appalling. The asthma nurse is lovely but one I saw for a boil in my arm pit was a waste of time, she did not want to examine me rather than looking at the boil, when I insisted she saw it from a distance. NHS England needs to intervene to put some sense in to Cottons Medical. Everyone is lovely as a human being but there systems are letting everyone down. Please make it patient friendly. One only contacts the GP surgery when they are in pain, please don't make it more painful.

Author: Joanne Whitbread
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
On hold for 1 hour 40 mins drove while on hold to doctors. To find 1 man sat in waiting room 2 woman behind glass 1 perched on desk .no phones ringing in there .I showed phone on hold to be told don't no where call is and I.m not to phone them I.m to use new system. Second time in week had waiting over hour and half
