Practice: PARK AVE MED CNT & KINGS HEATH PRACTICE
Canonical code: K83042
Postcode: NN3 2HZ
Google Maps title: Park Avenue Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 121
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+Avenue+Medical+Centre/@52.2576051,-0.8734555,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877094c6e882013:0xa34b3ae1ce8de80!8m2!3d52.2576018!4d-0.8708752!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcxp514?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.167
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K83042-park-ave-med-cnt-and-kings-heath-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Foons Ambidge
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery

Author: Eleni Fejzaj
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eleni Fejzaj2 reviews · 5 photosa month ago

Author: Al Hamra Shuaib
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I along with my family are registered with park avenue medical centre for the last 3 years. Never had a problem with anything. The staff including doctors, nurses, receptionists have been very helpful all the time. But today I came across such a rude lady who was a clinician, as if I am asking for booking a cinema ticket and want to have a seat in middle or at the top. Firstly, she called me at 09:38 am to come in few minutes at 10:00 Am, I asked for a favor if I can come in the afternoon because my toddler was sleeping and my husband was having eye appointment in the hospital at 10:10AM, she was so rude that either confirm or say No, I tried to explain that I am pregnant and also not feeling well (having body aches, flu, sore throat and gums swelling) I can’t even come by walk and she was not ready to listen in-fact she said if you are not coming now you will get appointment for next. The surgery is almost 20 minutes by walk, I couldn’t have reached on time by walk with my toddler. And due her rude behaviour my husband had to cancel his hospital appointment and dropped me to the surgery. Is This how a patient be treated, when she is asking for a favour and is requesting? No wants to come to surgery unless there is any health concerns. The receptionist didn’t disclose her name but she said she was a clinician, I had such a bad health condition that I don’t remember her name. That’s so rude of you if you are reading this, you are sitting in a surgery, even if you can’t give appointment at another time, atleast be polite, you never know what the patient is going through. Such a shame.

Author: Hazera Khatun
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been registered to Park Avenue Medical Centre for 20+ years and the care has become progressively worse. Would not recommend this surgery at all. Reception staff never want to help no matter how polite and understanding you are. Appointments are rushed and professionals do not care. I am a nurse myself and the lack of empathy and incompetence is disgusting. Professionals are quick to prescribe anything and hurry you out the door, even if you disagree with the medication that has been prescribed. Constant battle with trying to resolve your medical problems. Had to chase referrals made by GPs because they were incorrectly sent as ‘routine referrals’ instead of ‘urgent referrals’. When asking reception about admin enquiries which is part of their job description, they are quick to find an excuse and decline your request. I have now moved GP practices as I have had enough. This GP has no sense of urgency.

Author: TALKIN PROUD STUDIOS LTD DIRECTOR CHARLES SHEINMAN
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
TALKIN PROUD STUDIOS LTD DIRECTOR CHARLES SHEINMANLocal Guide · 30 reviews · 2 photos3 months ago

Author: linda price
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang at 8.03am to book appointment was 24th in line by time got through to be told there full.Then sent link thinking was for appointment.It was not it was just there web site.lol I was trying book for a child.This is why myself I e not booked an appointment for years for myself.

Author: jennifer davis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a mot appointment. And the lady was so lovely and when I explained other issues I felt she tried to get it sorted for me but the doctors were full that day. But she listened to me. And I felt she really cared . I had bloods done and I normally bruise and no bruise. I was having such a bad day/week and she really did make me feel cared for and so nice to talk to. It's people like this that make such a difference to your day. So thank you

Author: calmis mariana
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Date: Wednesday, 29 October 2025 – around 10:51 a.m. Location: Park Avenue Medical Centre I called the surgery to book an appointment with my GP. The lady from administration spoke to me in a rude and dismissive way, as if I was bothering her. She told me I would be contacted between 2 and 4 p.m., but nobody called me. It is very hard to get an appointment here, especially for working people. I start work at 6 a.m. and finish at 2 p.m. I asked politely to be contacted after 2, but she said it was “too late”. That’s unfair — people who work deserve access to medical care too. I also noticed a lack of respect towards patients who don’t speak perfect English. It feels like we are treated differently. I’m not asking for anything special — just respect, kindness, and a fair chance to see a doctor. I hope this review helps improve the way patients are spoken to and scheduled in the future. Everyone deserves to be treated with dignity.

Author: Lesley Francis
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting I had phone appointment on Tuesday 21st October 2025 Doctor told me he had sent prescription though to the pharmacy so I go in next day it’s not been done So I call through to the prescription line so I did told it was sent through and collect today Friday 24th and guess WHAT it’s still NOT been done I need the medicine I said oh call back Monday DISGUSTING

Author: Petr Lapšanský
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Probably the worst healthcare experience of my life, even including my extensive experience with healthcare services in developing countries. Very difficult connectivity, unconstructive dealings primarily through broken links to www addresses.
