Practice: BERINSFIELD HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: K84023
Postcode: OX10 7NE
Google Maps title: Berinsfield Health Centre
Google rating: 4.7
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Berinsfield+Health+Centre/@51.6636187,-1.1800184,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876bf9171589515:0x879dd94f724b8727!8m2!3d51.6636154!4d-1.1774381!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfgcr5l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84023-berinsfield-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Patrick Gowar
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
There is never a problem getting an appointment and the doctors and clinical staff are always helpful and friendly. The practice is very professionally run

Author: Mark Livesey
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
If Carlsberg did health clinics...

Author: You mattress and I chair
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’ve been forgotten by the doctor twice already. The reception staff can be quite gaslighting when you try to get any information. I have no idea what has happened to the organization there lately
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for sharing your feedback. I’m very sorry to hear about your experience and the concerns you’ve raised regarding communication and continuity of care. This is not the standard we aim to provide, and I’d really appreciate the opportunity to understand what happened so we can address it properly. Please feel free to contact me directly on 01865 342170 or by email at james.pinchin@nhs.net. I want to make sure your concerns are heard and resolved. Kind regards, James Pinchin Practice Manager

Author: Sam Buddington
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is the first time I have felt my doctor being proactive, truly helping me with any medical need. There is a lot of negativity around the NHS these days, some of it deserved. But Dr O. Tame, and the rest of Berinsfield health centre have been truly fantastic.

Author: iryna chobitko
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is by far the best medical clinic I have ever visited. The entire staff is exceptionally attentive, professional, and compassionate. Their dedication to patient care is truly commendable. I am sincerely grateful for the high standard of service and the respectful, thoughtful approach shown at every step.

Author: Cheyenne Berry
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
reception staff are absolutely disgusting, no respect or empathy towards those they’re supposed to care about, the lights are on but everyone’s gone home. LITERALLY because there’s usually about 1 doctor and 9 consultation rooms. I’m constantly being shoved into waiting lists and my issues are being ignored. The majority of the people who work there are clearly in the wrong profession as they don’t give care about helping patients, just shoving you on a list. the only staff member worth praising and is Dr / Mrs Crossley, a woman who does have time for you. The rest of you should learn from her
Practice response date: 9 months ago
Practice response:
Hi Cheynne, we are sorry to hear about your experience and can understand your frustration. However, I believe this review may have been intended for a different health centre, as we don't recognise the situation or details mentioned. We have no record of a patient with your name although appreciate your username maybe a pseudonym and have 4-5 doctors available each day. We also do not have a staff member by the name of Dr/MrsCrossley or one similar so it seems this might be for a different practice? If this was meant for Berinsfield Health Centre, we'd love to learn more so we can address your concerns properly. Please feel free to contact me directly on 01865 342170 or james.pinchin@nhs.net Kind regards, James Pinchin, Practice Manager

Author: Hela Dea
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Apart from some staff on the reception, this practice is great, with appoimtments always available and kind GPs'. Some of the staff on the reception is unfriendly and unprofessional, I believe it is the older ladies in the evenings. They don't even look up, when someone enters...

Author: Susanne Merrillian
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing service. I felt I had to write & share my experience. especially in the current climate of moans about having to wait ages to see a GP. I telephoned late on Thursday afternoon. Receptionist said a doctor would call me back. I received the call about an hour later. I was offered an appointment that afternoon but chose to go next morning. I was seen on time, given a prescription from the pharmacy next door, a few minutes later. It could not have been better. Perfect !

Author: Bob Haynes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bob HaynesLocal Guide · 9 reviewsa year ago

Author: CraigHarryTaylor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Berinsfield Health Centre is a wonderful GP Practice. Dr Jonathan Crawshaw, his partners, medical and administrative team are very professional, thoughtful and caring. My wife and I have always felt welcome, valued, and above all safe, under their care. We cannot thank Dr Crawshaw and his team enough and would highly recommend the practice.
