Practice: BROADSHIRES HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: K84075
Postcode: OX18 1JA
Google Maps title: Broadshires health Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Broadshires+health+Centre/@51.7651498,-1.5892802,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871337851b8df3b:0x277e661d6ce1eb3d!8m2!3d51.7651465!4d-1.5866999!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wk7q9c5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84075-broadshires-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicky Robinson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
What an awful experience my son had with the receptionist upon contacting your practice on a Monday morning. He aimed to seek some advice and hoopefully triaged ,he was spoken to condescendingly and the situation was not adequately explained. As a university student, he is use to managing his own affairs, and he was unaware that it might be possible to register temporarily with another practitioner. His concern was that all his medical records would be transferred which he wished to avoid. It was only after a consultation with the doctor, who took the time to explain the situation thoroughly and treated him with respect as an adult, that he was reassured that he could proceed to receive the assistance he required. Being at university presents enough challenges—being away from home and trying to find your feet without the added difficulty of dealing with staff who display an unfavourable attitude and a sense of superiority. All he requested was accurate and respectful advice.

Author: Kim Trimble
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Well I’m appalled I went into reception to make appointment for my husband and was told you have to go home and do it on line???? What’s that all about? I’m not very good on line and just end up in tears as the staff keep telling me how easy it is? Well it’s not for us!

Author: Andy B
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What a disgrace!!! 82 year old mother tried to book a flu jab, I tried to book it online as soon as the link came through, just for it to say no appointment available please call surgery. Well we did,we waited in a queue for 95 minutes!!!!!! Just to be told sorry you have got to contact the pharmacy, this is not very fair at all on our elderly people, how the heck do they expect this generation to cope, I eventually managed to use the NHS APP, but even that was a hassle

Author: Gheorghe Andrei Tudor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed with the service at this surgery. Every time I try to see a GP, there are never any appointments available. If you call, you are left waiting for over an hour on the phone, only to be cut off in the end. When I walk in and ask for help, the only thing they do is send me a link for an e-consult. But when you try to access it, it just says: “No bookings available, try tomorrow.” The next day it’s exactly the same story. It feels impossible to get the medical care you actually need here. Very poor organisation and no real support for patients.

Author: Kirk Hadland
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Why is it so difficult at the moment to book a routine doctors appointment at this surgery? It has never ever been this bad! AlI I want to do is be able to contact you and book an appointment, why is it being made so difficult? You have even removed your complaints form! What’s that about? This says it all! I feel for the front line receptionists that have to take the brunt of the enquiries. Broadsides Health Centre, there is currently something fundamentally wrong with the organisation of this practice!

Author: Deborah HOLT
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
MY SELF AND HUSBAND ARE LONG TERM ATTENDERS TO CLINIC, EVEN THOUGH OUR USUAL DOCTOR MOVED ON, OUR NEW EXPERIENCE MOSTLY ARE POSITIVE,,,THEY HAVE HEAVY WORK LOAD SO ID CUT THEM SOME SLACK, THEY DO A VERY GOOD JOB IN DIFFICULT TIMES,,MY TELEPHONE CONVERSATIONS ARE DEALT WITH ASAP, MY PRESCRIPTIONS ARE SAME,,,,ID SAY GOOD JOB,would be great if DR WARNER RETURNED,,,THANKS DEB STEVE HOLT

Author: Louise Webb
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Louise WebbEdited 11 months ago

Author: Doreen Mckee
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just had the most lovely Dr L J. She showed me so much empathy and compassion. You are amazing Doctor and very knowledgeable.

Author: Hannah
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Just wanted to write a review to say Dr Barbara Albert’s is the absolute shining light of this surgery! She helped me every time I needed it and I never felt like I was bothering her. I haven’t needed the doctors since but I think I will likely start requesting her as my go to GP :)

Author: Ffion Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ffion Jonesa year ago
