Practice: CROPREDY SURGERY
Canonical code: K84056
Postcode: OX17 1FB
Google Maps title: Cropredy Surgery
Google rating: 4.6
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cropredy+Surgery/@52.1167463,-1.3225595,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877258466b9fe55:0x931ec3aced48003f!8m2!3d52.116743!4d-1.3199792!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jkyktcns?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84056-cropredy-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mcr Beaver
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everything you need for a village surgery

Author: James Leman
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are so fortunate to have such a brilliant doctors surgery in Cropedy . All the staff are so good .

Author: Andi Begolli
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I think it's a brilliant surgery. My doctor has been fantastic and all the support staff are all very nice and helpful. Can't really ask for more

Author: Jackdaw Circus
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely top notch village surgery. I was seen as an emergency patient the same day. by a knowledgable, brilliant and empathetic doctor. Since becoming a regular patient at this surgery I have to say the staff here are ALL absolutely wonderful. I really feel heard, the atmosphere is friendly and warm the minute you step through the door. Even the reception staff are outstanding. Compared to many other surgeries where I have found the receptionists to be unhelpful and sometimes downright rude, these guys absolutely excel in comparison. They are a fine example of how looking after people should be done. Thank you Cropredy, you are a beacon despite the struggles of the NHS.

Author: Brighton Sengeledo
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brighton SengeledoLocal Guide · 158 reviews · 103 photos7 months ago

Author: Jeremy Hughes
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jeremy HughesLocal Guide · 127 reviews · 227 photos9 months ago

Author: Helen Lawless
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always helpful and informative. Staff are great. Wish all GPs were like this

Author: Alitia Saunders
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
I had a phone call with a doctor about my sexual wellbeing and contraception as I won’t be having children, she asked about my partner and without going into too much detail she judged me on my partner and my personal choices. I felt this was not a safe space to talk about such a sensitive topic. She let her personal life and opinions interfere with the care and help she gave me.

Author: Mark Chivers
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Excellent surgery. Staff has slowly changed over the years but the level of professionalism has been maintained. They coped extremely well during Covid. Yes, there's been the occasional hiccup but nothing major. If you need to register for a GP in the area I'd not hesitate to recommend this surgery.

Author: Mary Evans
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Myself and my daughter have been with this practice for almost three years. My daughter has many complex issues with her physical and mental health to protect my daughter I can not go into to much detail. My daughter has a massive fear of needles and always has, this has caused so many problems over the years and 90 percent of the time resulting in us leaving without the bloods being taken which have big ramifications to her health. This surgery goes above and beyond to accommodate her needs. I firstly would like to thank Hannah from thr bottom of my heart the HCA at the surgery who is the only person able to take bloods from my daughter, the care and companion shown is 5 star gold ✨️ we are never rushed and its always done with care and companion and always on my daughters time. Now on to the GPs I have never experienced a problem with getting an appointment or a call back, there is a morning slot and an afternoon slot and I have never not got a call back on the same day. I myself am experiencing a lot of problems at present in my life and feel extremely supported by all at the surgery. All the GPs are kind caring and and take the time to listen and ALWAYS go above and beyond the call of duty. I would personally like to thank Dr T Hollyoak without his support and dedication to his job I would have definitely crumbled my heart felt overall veiw is that I couldn't receive any better care within the private healthcare system I would also give a massive thank you to the reception team who are always on hand and never judgemental and are professional to a fault, you all are amazing but a special thanks goes to leanne who in my days of stress always asks how I am ( as a care giver you are sometimes forgotten) The surgery is alway lovely and clean and is a pleasant environment. I am proud and privileged to be a patient at Cropredy surgery . From the bottom of my heart thank you all. Mary Evans.
