Practice: DEDDINGTON HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: K84055
Postcode: OX15 0TQ
Google Maps title: Deddington Health Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Deddington+Health+Centre/@51.9828483,-1.3228583,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876d845428f67b3:0xc3aa69806a990f88!8m2!3d51.982845!4d-1.320278!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc39hxvm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84055-deddington-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Team B
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
I query the reasonableness of some of these reviews. Yes, you cannot simply call up and make an appointment like in the good old days. However, that is because there is too much demand and not enough supply, so appointments have to be ensured to be legitimate and given in order of need. You now have to complete a form with details, which is triaged by a doctor. If they need to see you, you are sent an appointment request by mobile, with the waiting time dependent on the urgency, or they liaise with you by email or mobile if they do not need to see you. In emergencies, they call you back and get you in straight away. In my experience, it works very well and we have experienced all of the aforementioned. If you do not have a mobile or email, you can still do things over the phone, as there is a number to call and it will be answered. I have called on a number of occasions where I could not resolve things using technology, and they have kindly assisted me. I think the new system is efficient, fair and less open to abuse or misuse. The doctors we have seen, and we have seen a number, both my husband and I as well as our children, for a whole range of issues of varying degrees of seriousness, have always treated everything seriously and thoroughly and with the appropriate level of urgency. I genuinely cannot complain. I personally have not come across anyone who has been rude or unhelpful. Quite the opposite, from doctors and other staff alike. They do not always do things exactly as I might prefer, but that is fair enough. There is a process in place for a reason. You have to be realistic given the resources available. Times have also moved on and we all have to adapt.

Author: Susan Jones
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
On one hand, when my husband and I have actually reached the medical staff at Deddington Health Centre we have found the care pretty good, BUT trying to go via the online system is a nightmare. I'm very computer literate so have no problem with going online (but heaven help anyone not IT savvy) but to only have the system "live" during office hours completely defies logic. I was trying to log a non-urgent enquiry which I was happy for someone to answer at any point in the next week, but cannot do so. Tried to find an email to check if this is actually how the online system works but no dice. Communicate with us via online means only!! Even when our system does not facilitate it.

Author: Christopher Cowley
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
4 weeks for an appointment!, absolutely not acceptable

Author: deborah little
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
deborah little1 review · 1 photo3 weeks ago New

Author: Cathy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery is far too reliant on technology and makes arranging to see a doctor very difficult for those patients who do not have access to a computer, do not have a mobile phone, don't know how to attach a photo to their triage form, or have an unreliable mobile signal. People who are ill, elderly and /or disabled should not have to struggle just to make an appointment to see their GP. It suggests an uncaring, unsympathetic attitude from the very place where you should feel that you receive sympathy and care.

Author: Elaine Elgar
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Dinuka, is a fantastic caring Doctor, always explaining everything I can't understand why he's not one of the practice Doctors.

Author: Michelle Green
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
They have actually really improved since a horrible IT system upgrade for booking appointments that took a little getting used to. If you have NHS app and easily get online, the triage system is good.

Author: Charlotte Sears
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Always useless, never help and never reply.

Author: Eddie Garland
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The whole system is laughable. Requested by doctor to book a telephone appointment. After being sent wrong link to start with and then sent generic one, have an appointment in 5 weeks time, sometime in the afternoon, and don't even know if it will be the doctor that asked me to book.

Author: one mad mark Mad
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling service can never get an appointment
