Practice: THE KEY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: K84082
Postcode: OX5 1AP
Google Maps title: The Key Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Key+Medical+Practice/@51.8215926,-1.2917993,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4876c4e70243616b:0xff24b13afef80e3e!8m2!3d51.8215893!4d-1.289219!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf5pr1w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84082-the-key-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: F B
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
As someone who works for the NHS, I understand the importance of patient safety, confidentiality and proper incident reporting. Unfortunately my experience with this practice has been extremely concerning. A close family member had multiple serious and potentially life-threatening diagnoses missed by the surgery. These were only identified after attending A&E against the practice’s advice and through private healthcare that had to be paid for due to the lack of appropriate investigation. I have also experienced a serious confidentiality breach where correspondence meant for me was sent to family members. When I submitted a complaint about this, the response was again sent to another family member. They hadn’t checked the dates of birth and sent the email to the wrong person! No PPID was done and they assumed as we have the first letter of our name and surname we were the same person which is very worrying. This is a clear GDPR and safeguarding concern. When escalated, I was told by the practice manager this had not been recorded as an incident or near miss and was only placed on a “learning log”, which is extremely worrying from a governance perspective. The administrative side of the practice also appears under significant pressure. Staff would benefit from additional GDPR and customer service training. On one occasion a family member recovering from surgery was given the wrong form by reception and had to return twice to correct it, only to be met with a rude response when pointing out the error. If the practice is struggling with demand, continuing to take on additional patients raises further concerns about capacity and safety. I have escalated these issues to external regulators and will be moving to another surgery as I no longer have confidence in the care or how concerns are handled.

Author: Catarina Loureiro
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I contacted this GP practice via the NHS App on Tuesday regarding contraception. This was a straightforward yes-or-no clinical query to clarify current NHS guidelines. I did not receive a response until Friday, while I was at work, and instead of answering the question, I was told to contact an external clinic in Bicester (not even in Oxford) for advice. After attempting to contact that clinic multiple times, filling out forms and navigating their system, my query was closed with the instruction to contact my GP practice for information and advice — which is exactly where I started. I am now going in circles and still have no medical advice. It is frustrating that within a full GP practice there does not seem to be a single clinician able to answer a simple, time-sensitive question. Patients should not be passed back and forth between services without receiving basic clinical guidance. Very disappointing experience.

Author: OK OK
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really abysmal service from all. From The front desk staff who are untrained and have little to zero knowledge, to poor GP service is general as appointment times take forever and they try to get you to have a phone consultation instead. For your own health, best to stay away from this practice !

Author: Rosie -
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I just waited 45 minutes to speak to reception and they hung up as soon as I got through!

Author: Blake Burton
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient here since 2018 and have seen multiple practitioners at the surgery (I have myriad health problems). Every single person has been so helpful--from the receptionists to the nurses to the phlebotomist to the doctors. Everyone has been endlessly respectful, as well. Having lived in the States for decades I can say the staff at Key Medical are the kindest medical staff I've ever met. The treatment I've received there played a major role in our choice to buy a house in Kidlington rather than risking another area and new surgery.

Author: Simon Myers
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Seems very hard to see a doctor in person, they rely heavily on suggesting online GP consults, for which the current wait time is around 4 weeks (with an additional wait to be contacted to arrange an appointment "when there is availability"). I think urgent same day system works better, but otherwise all a bit dysfunctional sadly....

Author: Keith Dandridge
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
This health centre used to be so good but it has declined into a frustrating farce. The repeat prescription forms have boxes which you need to tick the relevant box for the drug that you require. I make sure that I tick the relevant box to avoid waste but when I go to collect my drugs I either get everything or I find I am missing the specific drugs that I required. I have given up returning unrequited drugs but on my last visit I again didn’t get the drugs I requested and I was not given a repeat prescription drugs form, I phoned the surgery and informed them of the missing form and the receptionist found the drug I wanted and informed me that I would be able to pick it up later in the day, when I did turn up the pharmacy didn’t have the drug and they had not been informed. I went into the reception and informed the receptionist but she told me that the drug had not been authorised by the doctor so I have no drugs and quite frankly have lost faith in the practice it might have a detrimental effect on my health but I am past caring, as far as I’m concerned they should close the practice because it’s about as useful as a chocolate teapot.

Author: Eva R
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
It was the worst practice I've ever visited. They offer physio appointments, which is amazing, but in order to check in, you need to queue to speak to a receptionist. It took me 16 min to do so, and I told the receptionist that they should have a separate booking system, and she answered back in a rude manner that this is what they had. You cannot provide good customer service if you don't listen to constructive feedback.

Author: Senturk Ceco
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Senturk Ceco4 reviewsa year ago

Author: Mr Slim
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Prescription marked as urgent at 9:25am. At 16:50 pharmacist said ready for collection tomorrow.
