Practice: WHITE HORSE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: K84051
Postcode: SN7 7YU
Google Maps title: The White Horse Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+White+Horse+Medical+Practice/@51.6515328,-1.5829298,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48714af54b7aecc5:0xb191e1a9fcbd22d4!8m2!3d51.6515295!4d-1.5803495!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cnc619cz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84051-white-horse-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Isabel Turnock (Issy)
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience was efficient and caring this surgery is the best in 2 years they have treated me and my husband health thoroughly can’t rate it enough

Author: Martin Crick
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Health practices get a lot of negative criticism so following my positive visit today, I thought it only right to praise. Easy appointment making, good communication, found a parking spot hence 5 minutes early, saw Dr Quli straight away, no wait. He was professional, friendly and explained perfectly. Thank you

Author: peter doyle
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this practice since 1998 & have always received the best of treatment. The medical staff & office staff have always been friendly & helpful whenever needed. Thank you

Author: Roger A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I’m a cater. Snowed under with appointments for my wife, and having to make arrangements for her to be looked after while I go to the surgery for myself. I was late this morning due to an error on my part with the timing for my own cancer blood test…..but I had no correspondence regarding the appointment, whereas at my wife’s surgery (just as busy) they give an appointment confirmation and a reminder. My fault, but I now have to come back (it’s a 10-mile round trip) on another day and make arrangements for my wife to be cared for. Sometimes I just wonder why I bother and don’t just ket nature take its course.

Author: Frances Deeley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Prompt and efficient service today. Saw David Howe who was helpful and professional. Thank you, we appreciate having WHMP as our practice.

Author: Richard Glazer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Submitted an Engage Consult for my son this morning who has been ill with viral symptoms. We received a message to say we'd get a call which we did and then both my son and I had a detailed, friendly and exhaustive conversation with Anita who took the time to understand the timeline involved in my son's condition, to advise on what steps we should take and then enquired as to whether we had any questions and that we were happy with what had been proposed. We couldn't have been happier with the service.

Author: Sharon Aplin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
When a lot of people are ready to complain about the service and not know what goes on behind the scenes including the care and attention the GP’s give patients, maybe take a breather and see What an exceptional service we have have from WHMC. I had a GP phone consultation to discuss medication, the next day i was taken ill and paramedics needed to visit me at home. I was surprised when the GP informed that she would do a home visit (something I thought didn’t happen anymore) not only did she visit but also called me the following day to see how I was.

Author: Paul Scratchley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best Dr surgery I have ever had!

Author: Alex moreno
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been at this surgery for a long time and I'm very disappointed at how much it has gone downhill! I'm not sure if management has changed in the last few years but this is unacceptable. Being told twice about different medical problems about my son that they are not helping him is wrong!

Author: Beverly Oliver
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocked at dreadful experience. My family member had emergency surgery. We're currently in 2nd week post-op period. Patient Services communication was either incorrect or non-existent. Long wait time, 28 minutes on one occasion to get through to P.S. We rang for post-op equipment advice. Surgery apparently mid contract re loan equipment so none available, but physio referred us to website to buy some. Meds sent to wrong pharmacy, primary pharmacy notes had been altered without telling us despite sending initial meds to other pharmacy. When we went to collect meds they weren't there so I had to ring P.S. to find out where meds were. Patient had infection, surgery didn't tell us, then several days later when I rang to re-order pain meds I was then informed anti-biotics were ready, we were unaware my family member had a post-op infection and should have already been taking antibiotics. I requested a DN visit due to wound care and when I rang to confirm date (P.S. didn't ring back as promised) P.S. advised DN had already visited. We can only assume it was an invisible DN, with imaginary care , DN had not visited. This experience has left me afraid for patients who have no-one to advocate on their behalf and rely on GP surgery and District team. Fortunately we have family support. I informed P.S. 24 hours after hospital discharge that no care plan was in place, emergency surgery information and post-op concerns. My family member lives 5 mins from GP surgery and to date each call has been iniated by myself and today we had the first community visit (DN) for wound care. I would add that patients who ring P.S. are often anxious, vulnerable and/or scared therefore compassionate professional communication should be mandatory training. "I'm not the surgery," doesn't help.
