Practice: ALCHESTER MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: K84613
Postcode: OX26 6XX
Google Maps title: Alchester Medical Group - Langford Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Alchester+Medical+Group+-+Langford+Medical+Practice/@51.8996234,-1.1543954,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sALCHESTER+MEDICAL+GROUP+OX26+6XX!3m8!1s0x4876e7765c317103:0xc44dcc4c6500147!8m2!3d51.8913878!4d-1.1376402!9m1!1b1!15sCiBBTENIRVNURVIgTUVESUNBTCBHUk9VUCBPWDI2IDZYWFoiIiBhbGNoZXN0ZXIgbWVkaWNhbCBncm91cCBveDI2IDZ4eJIBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1trrcppy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/K84613-alchester-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: J
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Leaving this 4 star review purely for the gentleman who is on reception who I have now dealt with a few times as he is the ONLY receptionist who actually will talk to you with respect as well as being informative and polite. The rest of the staff need to be replaced as they are short, disgustingly rude and clearly not in the right job field as they seem so inconvenienced and miserable at having to interact with members of the public. Do better Alchester!

Author: Brian McCann
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is by far the best medical practices I have experienced in my 67 years.

Author: debbie binyon
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fabulous service from this practice. Easy to make an appointment and superb care from Dr Collinson.

Author: Jubilee Project
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately we were 4 mins late for our appointment so it had been cancelled. (I was unaware of the 3 minute rule). I can accept that people shouldn't be late so I accept we need to rebook. However the shocking way in which the desk receptionist dealt with us was something to behold. My teenage daughter left wondering if the person actually had any manners or compassion. I appreciate it must be a challenging job but there is no reason for being so incredibly rude. I honestly think if someone walked in there bleeding they would be told to go outside and ring an ambulance. By being like this you make work for the rest of your colleagues as someone else will now have to rebook us etc. This coupled with receiving a named text to book a flu jab only to be told by receptionist that the text was wrong and we shouldn't book one. When I did call the booking line was booked straight in. How many other people received this incorrect information meaning other colleagues have to pick up the slack. This is not how to deal with other human beings.

Author: Keith Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife visited a GP at this practice due to severe swelling around her abdomen and digestive problems. The GP stated there was no fluid buildup and arranged an ultrasound, which could take up to two weeks. We found the GP to be unsympathetic and dismissive, so the following day we consulted a private GP who, after examining her, urgently referred her to A&E. There, they drained 8 litres of fluid, and she was diagnosed with stage four cancer. We’re unsure if the initial GP was indifferent or lacked the knowledge to recognize the severity of her condition. Needless to say we've now changed practices.

Author: Rose Marie FF
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disappointing, schedule more time than you need, GPs are always running late. Be punctual, more than 2 mins late for your F2F appt will be cancelled.
Practice response date: 6 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your comment! We appreciate it. - Alchester Medical Group

Author: Estelle “EMT95” T.
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Estelle “EMT95” T.Local Guide · 9 reviews · 1 photo10 months ago

Author: Róisín Fountain
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a bloodtest on Monday at 4pm. Arrived at 03.55p...my appointment wouldn't log in on the computer went to the desk, receptionist older women with glasses grey hair was abrupt to me. I sat down with my Autistic son and waiting till 4.30pm by 4.20 my son was getting upset the receptionist was so so rude. Told me wait my turn although I waited 25 mins past * my turn * My son walked over to her desk and touched a sign and she shouted at him. I'm moving surgery her attitude is appalling.

Author: J R Harvey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
A 72 year old female living alone, no family calls the surgery with extremely high blood pressure of 175/97 when you are told to call your GP with such a BP. I call and am refused an appointment on the day, when I only live five minutes from the practice, nor would they inform a doctor, so I could at least gain some advice over the phone. I was instructed to call 111, it's a disgrace. No car, no public transport when a five minute walk to the surgery could have resolved my concerns, as it is, I am left alone with a very high blood pressure which obviously my BP medication is not bringing it down. It was the same last year when I couldn't get an appointment, and discovered I had cancer, a Malignant Melanoma that due to the ten week delay of the same awful system this surgery provides, I ended up up having two surgeries. This surgery works solely for their good, not for the patient.

Author: Darren Appleby
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful place. Completely unable to be helpful. They have their rules. So if you miss the 25 appointments they have per day, so I'm guessing they are only working part time, then you don't get an appointment. And this can continue forever. We haven't been sent patient access registration info, and when I said this, I wasn't offered any. Absolutely not fit for purpose
