Practice: CHARLOTTE KEEL MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L81015
Postcode: BS5 0UA
Google Maps title: Charlotte Keel Medical centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 186
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Charlotte+Keel+Medical+centre/@51.4655285,-2.5743359,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48718e4013ff7543:0xb1a6b29cf934a0a9!8m2!3d51.4655252!4d-2.5717556!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzsyn3jn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81015-charlotte-keel-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: S R
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Have already made one complaint a few years ago on behalf of my wife for who I care for. This is the second time this year they have refused regular prescriptions stating have requested to early which is not the case due to time for pharmacy to obtain her prescription and they have also refused other medications that was agreed with her GP that were needed more regularly. This practice seems rife with incompeteance the reason I went elsewhere but my wife is worried about changing. The frontline staff i.e doctors nursing staff are very good but the general management and communication in house is not good

Author: Hina Rana
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Hina Ranaa week ago New

Author: Neve O
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Some good GPs, but, as with most places, a few bad apples seem to be in it for the £ only.Very long queues at reception desk often with one receptionist...Receptionists can be nice but one or 2 .are impolite. I saw it rated as one of the 5 worst GP practises in Bristol a few months ago whi h I had not realised.Not easy to find GP practises usually so we put up with a lot it seems...For example, recently I was texted an appointment by the practice and got a taxi as I dont live near and have Long Covid and knee pain but the text was a mistake ie tgere was not an appointment for me that day. When I politely said I had wasted time and money Mr Tolpudd got angry and marched off annoyed ie as if it wss my fault! He is a paramedic doing GP work ie few of those at Charlotte Keele who train for a few months then allowed to do GP work.. One GP who was nice once very rude to me next time etc for no reason and so it goes on...Disgraceful especially as i had tried to get an phone appointnent for serious issue and that also takes months..What an entitled bunch many are ie no home visits for decades, most work part time, the pay is very high but they complain etc Treat patients as nuisances and receptionists can be as disrespectful eg months ago I rang, waited ages, the receptionist said 'What do you want with 100% attitude - it was early morning so not as if she was tired after a day's work.. If you want to complain, no email address for patients to use...Have to visit and fill out a 'feedback form' in pen then told might get to see manager ( photo op yet broken they said so could not give me a copy of my 'feedback form' . Meant to get a reply within 48 hours but I got a phone call 8 dys later asking for more info about my form..I spent a while trying to explain...I will hear back within 8 weeks.....I could not futvtge complaint on the small 'feedback form' and do not feel that complex private information should ideally told to what seemed like a non-medic on the phone..But I complied. Its not all bad there but a ling list of dustesoectful, uprofessional behaviours by all types of staff for years. I am too tired to complain every time....

Author: Pepperminta Scruffy
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Used this GP for years and have always had my worries taken seriously, whether it be for mental or physical health related issues. They have been so friendly and knowledgable., while delivering seamless care. When I have had my IUD and smear tests done here too they are always really calming and gentle. Thank you so much :)

Author: Michael Fennessy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Submitted photos of an issue I was having and in less than 1 minute and 30 seconds I received a text saying go to boots, and that's it. No contact details no indication of what it is. I doubt it was even reviewed properly and seems like a generic message.

Author: Courtney Ferguson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Paid £30 for an emergency 111 appointment for a serious issue, only to be told they won't touch it because it's such a bad under the gum Infection, and that I need to wait 24hrs to call the dental hospital and hope I get seen. In and out within 2mins. Dentist barley even looked at me. Would give 0 stars if possible.

Author: Manon D
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
After the mess of Montpelier Health Centre (impossible to get an appointment at all), here I am again trying to get an in person appointment. Though the system is better with this practice (hence the 2 stars), they only offered me phone call appointments - what is the deal with this? I want to see a doctor in person, is that too much to ask really? going through work private GP advised me to get blood tests done and I have to do them at my catchment GP - funnily enough I cannot even see someone in person..... I'm fuming and it's stressing me out. I'm in my 30s and cant imagine someone elderly trying to book through these systems, nonsense! Since October now I'm trying to get a GP appointment without success.

Author: Emma
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I called up yesterday and today and the girl who picked up the phone was soooo rude!! I’ve worked in dr surgery for 14 years so i understand the stress but I never call the dr unless im really sick ! And she spoke down to me ,and was soooo rude rude never been spoke to by a receptionist like that , and it wasn’t just today it was yesterday as well , Really unhappy and disappointed with this , the fact she’s the main person on the phone is terrible

Author: Matilda Plummer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I booked an appointment online via eConsult and didn’t receive a text confirmation from the surgery. However, I noticed the appointment was visible on the NHS app, so it’s worth checking there. I had to call reception twice to confirm, but I got through relatively quickly, and everyone I spoke to was very polite and helpful. Dr. Elizabeth Winn was also lovely. I’m giving 4 stars only because I didn’t receive a text confirmation, which would have made things simpler. I completely understand that the NHS is understaffed and underpaid, so I really appreciate the staff’s efforts.

Author: Leah Franklin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Almost impossible to obtain appointments, telephone or face to face, you receive a message saying there are no upcoming appointments to book and are left waiting for weeks. Just a service on its knees it seems.
