Practice: BEDMINSTER FAMILY PRACTICE
Canonical code: L81082
Postcode: BS3 4AT
Google Maps title: Bedminster Family Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 182
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bedminster+Family+Practice/@51.4441425,-2.5968446,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48718e80080787bb:0x2aab1e9449447398!4m8!3m7!1s0x48718e80061b6c97:0x1192b22fcdecd807!8m2!3d51.4441392!4d-2.5942643!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td1jflt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81082-bedminster-family-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alex
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve found my experience with this GP practice to be quite frustrating and, at times, discouraging. Overall, instead of feeling supported, I often felt like a burden for simply seeking help. There appears to be a zero tolerance policy in place, which feels one-sided. Patients are expected to remain polite at all times (which is fair) and to not ask questions, yet some staff interactions are rude and come across as dismissive, leaving you feeling uncomfortable. This creates a sense that access to care is being restricted rather than facilitated. From a clinical perspective, in my experience concerns are not always fully explored and treatment feel limited to basic medication, with reluctance to refer to specialists, which make the path to appropriate care more difficult. From an administrative perspective, requests are sometimes met with resistance, as though patients are causing inconvenience by asking for necessary documentation. Processes to obtain information or paperwork is prolonged. Yet, when the practice wants to reprimand patients they communicate very quickly. Booking appointments can also be challenging, even when the guidance suggests more timely assessment may be appropriate. The wait time can be significant and the triage system is not clear. The appointments can be booked only by completing an online form, which is fairly long and not easy to do when you are unwell. There appears to be the option to call the surgery and have the staff completing the form for you, however not all members of staff are collaborative. I hope the practice can be more responsive and improve their approach to care but I would not recommend to register with this practice.

Author: Flatu Faltu
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried booking for past 4 days for doctor, finally got one, went and found it to be cancelled and asked to visit pharmacy. If blood coming out of your mouth and 4 days of pain, can't get you doctor's appointment, I am sure on death bed, Bedminster Family Practice will provide a confirmed appointment.

Author: mahsomeh ahmadzadeh
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
mahsomeh ahmadzadeh1 review · 1 photoa week ago New

Author: Shenna Charran
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shenna Charrana month ago

Author: Bohemian Shiloh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr J Rowbern called social services on me saying parental neglect. I went there for EBSA and eating issues for my child. He asked to speak with my 11 Yr old privately. He then asked her if she takes drugs. He gave no help at all for the appointment reason and sent us away. There was more issues but I'm trying to keep this short. I then requested all mine and my childrens records to show social services and 3 months and many interactions later I still have not one single record. Its my legal right to have these. But nothing. This particular doctor and the practice in general is really poor. If you can go somewhere else I would advise you to.

Author: Sue Bithrey
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They are not fit for purpose. Stay well clear in my opinion. Unhelpful, dismissive and lack empathy. Mismanaged, don't communicate effectively with their colleagues so things get missed.

Author: Rhian리안
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had an appointment booked for 08:50 but was informed by text at 08:45 that it had been cancelled! It had already taken 3 weeks to get one, from submitting a form to receiving a call from the coordinator. As I was outside the surgery I went in to check it wasn’t an error and the receptionist told me that “the doctor must be sick, doctor’s have lives too”…yes, so do I, which is why cancelling an appointment last minute is unacceptable! There was also no apology in the text and I was told I couldn’t rebook in person so would have to wait for another call (which when you work 9-5 is very easy to miss). I will submit a formal complaint and look into changing GP practice once I have finally got this appointment.

Author: Kamal Kareem
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kamal Kareem3 months ago

Author: Kc Dc
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Did you know that not only do doctors get paid around £100 thousand a year they also get a extra £70 for every patient that they see. So next time you get a doctor make sure you get a real doctor and not a clown.the doctors here and receptionist are not professionals at all.

Author: Pamela Palmer
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent Practice,always treated with the upmost respect from the Navigators, Doctors and Nurses. They have always been very kind and very professional towards me and my late parents.I can't thank them enough.
