Practice: BEECHWOOD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L81087
Postcode: BS16 3TD
Google Maps title: Beechwood Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 111
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Beechwood+Medical+Practice/@51.4797751,-2.5294287,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBEECHWOOD+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+BS16+3TD!3m8!1s0x48718fdd06c1d611:0xce27571b9fca7271!8m2!3d51.4797366!4d-2.5266829!9m1!1b1!15sCiNCRUVDSFdPT0QgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBCUzE2IDNURFolIiNiZWVjaHdvb2QgbWVkaWNhbCBwcmFjdGljZSBiczE2IDN0ZJIBBmRvY3RvcpoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VOMGRFNVRhWGhuUlJBQuABAPoBBQjaBRAx!16s%2Fg%2F1tf6wt57?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81087-beechwood-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tes Beng
Date: a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
The GPs at this practice are excellent and have always provided thoughtful, professional care. Unfortunately, the appointment booking system is extremely stressful and inefficient. Patients are expected to call at 8am, but even dialing exactly at opening time means joining a long queue, only to be told all appointments are already gone. In practice, it feels like an “8am lottery” that rewards whoever gets through fastest, rather than a system based on patient need. The callback option doesn’t really solve this either, as it often still involves waiting in another queue. And it lacks any inclusion considerations. It would be a tremendous improvement if there were more booking options through the app other than just blood tests and cervical screenings. The reception experience is also very mixed. Some staff are genuinely helpful, while others can be dismissive or abrupt, which makes an already stressful process worse. The medical care here is strong, but the appointment system clearly needs improvement.

Author: Vasco Vendrame
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
The doctors I met ante in general good and nurses are excellent aa well. Unfortunately, it is extremely difficult to get an appointment. You wait for 30 minutes on the phone and then when you are in front of the queue you are pushed back to number 38. And this happened several times.
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Thanks for your feedback. We have introduced a call back service for the phone system so that you do not have to wait for your call to be answered. If you use this service your place in the queue is maintained and our team will call you back. Perhaps try using this next time you call, or let us know about a particular queuing problem you have had at the time, so that we can get our phone system suppliers to investigate.

Author: W Y
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
GPs are helpful if you could get through the first step, be answered, to see them. Their booking system is horrible that is you can only call at 8am to book an appointment that comes in 7 days. The answering time from my several years experience with them is avg. 1hour. They assume people can get easily get paid leave to stay home calling them to book an appointment. Many ppl seem to have the same issue and blame the receptionists. Why not the management or partners of the GP practice who couldn’t find a good way to manage booking? Not all GPs are the same. There are different booking options.

Author: Matt Morse
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Some wonderful doctors and nurses at this surgery. However, the surgery is unfortunately very poorly run. It is incredibly difficult to get an appointment. The e-consult system is pointless to engage with, because the answer is always “join the 8am gamble phone queue and hope for the best”. In reality, the e-consult system should be used to filter out unnecessary appointments and deal with less serious things in a more time efficient way. We have seen how a busy surgery can be run efficiently before we moved into the area and sadly there is very little thought behind how this surgery is run. For example, we suspect a mild food allergy presenting in our baby. Detailed e-consult sent with images requesting a referral to an allergy clinic or the appropriate service. We don’t need to waste a GPs time with a full in person appt. A brief phone call would be more than sufficient. The answer “call at 8am for an appointment”. You try calling at 8.03. Line is not yet active as it should be. Call at 8.15. 37th in the queue. Wait an hour to get through. All appointments gone sorry, try again tomorrow! Funnily enough, sitting on the phone for an hour with two small children and two working parents every morning isn’t the most feasible of tasks. Just so poor, when we’ve experienced a surgery that is run efficiently in another part of the country. Of course, when you can get an appointment, the doctors have always been fantastic. Nonetheless we are looking to move to another surgery now because the admin here with two small children is a constant burden. Don’t waste your time with Beechwood until they’ve conducted a full review of their e-consult and appt booking systems.

Author: Akachi Emesih
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Akachi Emesih2 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Lawrence Giles
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Not 5 stars as they occasionally have a blip. I would overall recommend this surgery.

Author: Zarish Lone
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the most unhelpful GP Practice. The receptionists are rude and unhelpful and they have a hideous attitude problem. They only help you when you give them the same attitude back and are assertive with them or else good luck!

Author: Happy traveller
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice and helpful staff

Author: Mmm Mmm
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mmm Mmm2 months ago

Author: Catrina Gingell
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this practice for 24 years and never had a problem, I've only seen a few doctors, and they are brilliant, very helpful and caring, nurses are wonderful, receptionist are very helpful,best practice.
