Practice: AIR BALLOON SURGERY
Canonical code: L81038
Postcode: BS5 7PD
Google Maps title: Air Balloon Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 110
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Air+Balloon+Surgery/@51.4588965,-2.5350615,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871f0f9b929189b:0xb12a4db1e3cd8b8b!8m2!3d51.4588932!4d-2.5324812!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc67gth4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81038-air-balloon-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kadijatou Fisiru
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kadijatou Fisirua month ago

Author: Paul Bristol
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul BristolLocal Guide · 60 reviewsa month ago

Author: Stuart
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
StuartLocal Guide · 25 reviews · 11 photosEdited 2 months ago

Author: Glenn Johnson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
If you’re looking for a long term GP with who you want to build a relationship? This is not the place to go! I was with this surgery for 5 years and never once seen a Doctor! I spoke to a few over the phone and apart from one they are all the same; They can’t be bothered. They won’t go out of their way to try and help you in the slightest?! The only reason I stayed at the surgery was because it was convenient for me whilst in the area. Also, the receptionists (most of them) are great! They are friendly, helpful and understanding. They are the backbone of the surgery. It’s them that have to deal with patients who have been fobbed off by either, the doctors or the clinical pharmacist. Who also is someone who also comes across like, they just can’t be bothered. I can honestly say that they are the worst doctors I have ever been with and glad I’m finally from there. I’ve been with my new surgery less than a fortnight and already had more help from the doctor than 5 years of being with this place. I know that it’s a business but it’s a hugely profitable business so they should be treating their patients accordingly?! The 2 stars are for the receptionists and nurses that I met.

Author: Khaled MA
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Didn't have to wait for long time for planned appt....Good time management...must say very helpful staff 🌹🌹🌹🌹🌹 …

Author: Khawar Mahmood
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice 🙂👍 …

Author: Sandra King
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sandra King1 review4 months ago

Author: Jenni M
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
EDIT: After being assured I was indeed eligible for the Covid vaccine, after having received several reminders to book one, actually booked one, received a text confirmation AND an appointment reminder- I got to the surgery at my allotted time and was told I was in fact NOT eligible and that ‘everyone’s getting the invitations, even when they’re not supposed to .’ I literally called in the day before and was told two different things- surely if this is the case you should be issuing proactive communications to affected individuals and your receptionist staff should be trained to know the correct answers? Total waste of my time. ORIGINAL REVIEW: I wanted to share this privately, but your website's servers are down so I can't access it. I called in because I had received several automated text reminders from this surgery about booking in my Covid-19 and flu vaccinations, however these reminders arrive separately and there is no way to book both at the same appointment. So, I booked the Covid one online, and had an appointment confirmation and reminder via text. I then called in this afternoon to ask a receptionist whether I would be able to have the flu vaccination at the same appointment. She kept insisting that I wouldn't have had an invitation for a vaccine as I wasn't over 75, she kept cutting me off and wouldn't listen when I explained that I had literally received invitations to have the vaccine from the surgery, had booked an appointment, and had a confirmation of this appointment. She just refused to listen, before just saying she would put me through to the clinic who arranged this as it wasn't her (confusing as all the reminders are from the surgery and the appointment is at the surgery). I heard some hold music for about 20 seconds then it just cut off. I called back and a much nicer, friendlier receptionist confirmed that I did in fact have a confirmed appointment and that I could indeed have both injections at the same time. The original receptionist needs training not only in the processes at your clinic, but also in politeness and how to speak to people.

Author: Rebecca Murray
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only couple of good receptionist, talk about making my aniexty bad being adhd and dyslexic, they refused to help me with online form, staff saying they noted the doctor when they didn't, other people appointments put in my name ! Prescription not being sent where I was on holiday . The list goes on . ....

Author: DBN43 LNDN
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting service. After waiting for 20 minutes to get through the receptionist just hung up on me. Not interested in my mental health. I was trying to explain to her what the doctor had explained to me and she just hung up the phone e. All I can say is she should not be in a position if she has no interest in people.
