Practice: ORCHARD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: L81055
Postcode: BS15 8NJ
Google Maps title: The Orchard Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 136
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Orchard+Medical+Centre/@51.4620024,-2.5131353,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48718f91f8f28103:0x5d76542a2d997982!8m2!3d51.4619991!4d-2.510555!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bc7ndmdv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81055-orchard-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Andrew Du Bois
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely astonishing how hard it is to proactively manage your health and wellbeing with this surgery. From waist of time telephone appointments trying to get a referral with a dr who has no clue to requesting simple information and or trying to access online services but am unable to due to internal processes and or policies. Never before have I encountered such problems especially when looking to achieve such simple objectives.

Author: Dan Baker
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Only been with the surgery for around 7 months Nd they done more for me than my old surgery has done. Best surgery in Bristol

Author: Lois Myall
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
SECOND REVIEW MARCH 2026 Had an appointment with Dr Matthies for my baby, she had a lovely manner and was very empathetic and understanding that my son is sick several times an hour. Much better than the response from Dr Hennessey at his 8 week appointment who told me "stick with the laundry". She asked me to book a follow up appointment for a week later to follow up on next steps including reviewing his weight and if necessary seeking further advise from elsewhere. Well the original appointment was the 20th February and I have been told I cannot have a follow up appointment until the 1st April, 5.5 weeks later. In the meantime things aren't getting resolved for my son and we are not receiving any support as health visitors tell me I have to see a GP. FIRST ORIGINAL REVIEW AUGUST 2024 Poor care from this surgery. I phoned up to request a routine appointment for a health issue that is affecting my life, I was told I have to go to pharmacy first, I explained I could not use over counter medication due to an allergy but they said I had to go to get an appointment. Went to the pharmacy and they referred me straight back to the GP surgery as they couldn't prescribe what I needed. Called back reception to be given a non-urgent appointment in 2.5 weeks time. Had an appointment with Dr Hennessy who was very brusque and unsympathetic, told me my issue was "not life threatening" and seemed keen to rush me out the door. I never stated my nasal polyps were life threatening or requested an urgent appointment but the only treatment is steroids which requires a drs prescription. Not sure what I will do in future if I need to use the doctor's as I don't feel comfortable returning here and I cannot register at other surgeries as I'm not in there catchment area.

Author: B
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
No appointments available for 3 weeks. Very dismissive, regardless of your needs. Staff are nice but they can't help you. I think my name is only on their list for funding purposes, as they are still signing up new patients, though they can't see the ones they have already.

Author: Lori Fry
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is one of the best doctor's surgery i know receptionist always lovely and helpful we have been with them for over 16 years never had a problem and fantastic doctor's and nurses couldnt ask for better

Author: Rebecca Yates
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been registered here for over 5 years and during this time I have always had issues every time I have needed appointments/medical care. Receptionist's rude on the phone, almost impossible to get an appointment, lost samples, doctors rejecting repeat prescriptions on the NHS app with no explanation as to why, told nothing is wrong from nurses (as they wouldnt allow a doctors appointment) without proper examination (since got a diagnosis after paying to see a private specialist)..... the list goes on. I have lived in different parts of England and Wales, and other areas in Bristol and this is by far the worst surgery I have ever encountered.

Author: Ayesha Wood
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This drs has always been very helpful, I always manage to get an appointment. Can't fault them

Author: Danila Gaspe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good medical centre. Wonderful staff

Author: Lynn Haskins
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been with this surgery since I was born 67 years ago when it was in south road Kingswood there have been some amazing doctors at this surgery have always been looked after always get appointments fairly easily had the best care so have all my family but because I have moved out of area I have been made to leave very upset no loyalty because I’m house bound they can’t come see me would give no stars for the way I have been treated receptionist spoke to me was cold unfeeling just wanted me gone so now have to go to a surgery hope for the best when I had the best surgery nervous hope I haven’t made a mistake in the surgery I have chosen

Author: Sarah Chuaibamrung
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family has been registered at this surgery for three years, and it is without a doubt the best practice we’ve ever attended. The receptionists are always kind and welcoming, and every doctor and nurse we’ve seen has been exceptionally thorough and caring. Thank you to all the staff for everything you do, you truly make this surgery outstanding.
