Practice: FROME VALLEY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: L81014
Postcode: BS36 2DE
Google Maps title: Frome Valley Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Frome+Valley+Medical+Centre/@51.5342476,-2.4984715,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48719a7c41caaf13:0x5aff393b1f2ff3ef!8m2!3d51.5342443!4d-2.4958912!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tzvv_x_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 9
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81014-frome-valley-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Adam Loveridge
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Adam LoveridgeLocal Guide · 75 reviews · 110 photosa week ago New

Author: Ian Grant
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
10/10. Went to Cornwall and left medication at home. Spoke to local pharmacy and confirmed they had my medication in stock. Contacted Frome Valley MC and explained situation. Request sent to team for prescrition to be authorised and sent to nominated pharmacy in Cornwall. Tracked NHS app and could see when prescription had been issued. Collected medication. All happened in just a few hours with no fuss. Spectacular success from a service that is so stretched. Brilliant job! Thanks to the Team and usefulness of the NHS app!
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Thank you! This review is much appreciated.

Author: Liam Shaw
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My old GP practice in the city was better. 3 week wait for a telephone appointment and never a follow up. Truely seems as if they dont care. There used to be a really good GP there but they left around the end of 2024. Update 13 hours after this post and they get in contact. Seems they prioritise google reviews over paitents which seems about right. Quickest i have every heard back from you. Wouldnt go here if it was the last GP on earth
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Dear Liam I am sorry that you feel this way. I would be grateful if you could email me to discuss this matter further. My email address is jacqui.bath@nhs.net. Kind regards. Jacqui Bath Operations Manager

Author: Lisa Cummings
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service Filled out an online form at 7.30am Doctor called by 8.15am Quick. Efficient and friendly
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you!

Author: Liam Firks
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just straight up lie to you leaving you without medication.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
I have received the complaint that you have submitted regarding this issue and will reply directly to you. Kind regards. Jacqui Bath Operations Manager

Author: Debbie Gooding
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I completed an on line form at 7.45 am and had a call at 7.55 for an appointment at 8.10am the same day! Thorough consultation with nurse practitioner, tests needed that day, followed by future blood test appointment. Amazing service.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for this review. It is much appreciated.

Author: L S
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had 1st rate experience here...appointments available very quickly
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you very much for this review. It is much appreciated.

Author: Chris Adlem
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Online form constantly fails to submit. What a waste of time and energy when we are pushed this way and asked to fill out a thousand boxes and questions before being able to be considered to join a queue of maybe one day seeing a doctor.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
I am sorry to read that you are experiencing problems with our on line consultation form. If you would like to contact me to discuss this further I would be happy to speak with you. The system is working well for many of our patients and we would like to have it working for you in the same way. My email address is jacqui.bath@nhs.net. Alternatively, if you call our Reception Team they would be happy to talk you through the process. Kind regards. Jacqui Bath Operations Manager

Author: Shina Sarwar
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery are absolutely no help when trying to arrange appointments outside of working hours or for people that work full time and understanding when you are caring someone. I am trying to get my partner help who has Dementia. Ridiculous. NO UNDERSTANDING AT ALL. The one star review I have given is generous.
Practice response date: 8 months ago
Practice response:
I would be keen to discuss this matter with you in more detail. If you would like to email me at jacqui.bath@nhs.net perhaps we can arrange an appropriate time. Kind regards. Jacqui Bath Operations Manager

Author: F Will
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist lack of empathy towards people ringing up for help is shocking! I understand they can’t always provide the answers people are looking for but a little compassion and care goes along way! Must be in the wrong job maybe?
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
I am sorry to hear of your experience. Please do contact me to discuss this further. My email address is jacqui.bath@nhs.net. Kind regards. Jacqui Bath Operations Manager
