Practice: KENNEDY WAY SURGERY
Canonical code: L81042
Postcode: BS37 4AA
Google Maps title: Kennedy Way Surgery
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kennedy+Way+Surgery/@51.5396285,-2.4177464,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48719b8457043bfd:0xe375de3b049b378!8m2!3d51.5396252!4d-2.4151661!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfj_9g1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81042-kennedy-way-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Heather lockett
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude receptionist

Author: Sophie Stroud
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called them in August to get an appointment got told it was an 8 week wait and was still waiting in December ended up changing doctors surgeries as I called them multiple times an got told it would be soon even got told begging of December in the beginning of November

Author: MARK WILSON
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
MARK WILSONLocal Guide · 118 reviews · 104 photos4 months ago

Author: Lone Ranger
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kennedy way surgery is absolutely wonderful, my husband and I have been very fortunate to have been a patients for 40 plus years, everyone who works at that surgery, does an exceptional job, under great pressure, demands and restraints, with I'm sure, more criticism than praise and little thanks, support our wonderful Kennedy way, we are sooo lucky to have surgeries like this one and the NHS, thank you.

Author: Katie Green
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not a good drs surgery , my mum has been going to them for over 15 years , she has epilepsy and other serious conditions.. cannot make an appointment for gold !! She has repeat prescriptions that they want to review but you have to phone at 8 am to get a drs call back - impossible for my mum due to the medications she is on. I have taken over as she is now out of tablets and having several fits a day , have been ringing everyday at 8 am to get a drs review - by the time they answer it’s too late and you can’t get one as I was 54 in the queue- the receptionist was very rude and told me to keep trying every morning to try and get a call back - after explaining that she was fitting she simply said you will have to continue ringing img at 8 and hope you get an a see in time - she then commenced by putting the phone down on me - we have had to phone 111 and now have changed gps completely as this is quicker than getting her repeat prescription. Also they don’t allow you to order meds in advance considering it takes a week or more to get to her pharmacy so she is always running out of, causing the fits to occur - the whole practice is a joke and they make you feel like it’s all a game . Not happy is an understatement!

Author: Lynette Cox
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kennedy Way surgery really let me and my brother Michael down over the last couple of months. And sadly on the 2nd August Michael passed away. No doctor appointment no call back and no one interested in given me any advise. No sympathy from anyone on reception, just call back and speak to the doctor which you had to wait for that call. We did get one home visit though. Please bring back the old system when you walked into a surgery to see a doctor, not wait for them to call you back, and by that time you've taken your brother direct to Southmead Hospital who were brilliant. It's so sad when you have to write this about people's lives.

Author: Becca Organ
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Buckley has been fantastic with helping me through some medical issues. I feel like she listens and always addresses the situation you’re coming to her with. Wonderful doctor 👩‍⚕️

Author: Carissa Tanner
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phone lines are TERRIBLE! They tell you to ring at 8am to get an appointment, but it's always the line busy tone or just ringing off. There's no system at all to allow callers to queue and wait like every other GP I've known. Which means you are essentially left fighting with strangers to get through on the phone, as you're all ringing at the same time all trying to get an answer. It's just silly and massively needs updating. Update: They LOST my ECG (a heart tracing test with my medical information recorded on it) and did not even bother to apologise. There was no explanation at all as to where it had gone after I handed it in, and the receptionist gave the impression she couldn't care less. Not only that, but I was fobbed off for weeks being told my chest infection wouldn't still be there, and low and behold, it is. Don't go here.

Author: Lisa Lake
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful and rude receptionist. Non verbal special needs daughter needed to be seen. Receptionist kept saying no appointments even at ringing 8am . Needed a letter signed and was told to either call back tomorrow (same as i was told yesterday) or wait 1 month for a signature. When I refused to leave the line due to her unhelpful nature and attitude, she gave me an appointment for a call back... funnily enough... never got the call back. She lied. She was made fully aware daughter is uncomfortable and non verbal but had no empathy or compassion of the situation just told to try again Monday. Used to be a great GP... gone down hill fast I'm afraid.

Author: Jessica Roberts
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Great doctors but the receptionists are absolutely vile, enough to put anyone using this surgery!
