Practice: PILNING SURGERY
Canonical code: L81117
Postcode: BS35 4JF
Google Maps title: The Pilning Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 25
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Pilning+Surgery/@51.5640331,-2.6438308,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48719475e132690b:0x509450af00ffe5bf!8m2!3d51.5640298!4d-2.6412505!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2pccpg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81117-pilning-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jade M
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang for an emergency appointment for my 13 year old at 8am. (after holding off for 24hrs) Was told no, I would need to do the Anima online consultation so I did this there and then with the receptionist. This was done and photos uploaded by a text link straight after. *The receptionist- I later saw online had marked this down as a skin condition, although my main reason for calling was high temperature and severe headache for 36hrs* -along with a rash- I made this clear and even that he hadn't ate and had only slept and drank water. At 4pm after still not hearing anything back, I rang the doctors, the receptionist informed me they were "waiting on the photos"- although she could see herself they had been uploaded straight away. She said she would message through. 10 minutes later I get a message from RUTH RICE to say she had prescribed a MOISTURISER. A moisturiser? For a viral infection? This is when I noticed it said skin condition on the header, but either way had she not read that he had a severe headache and high temp for 2 days/not eating even!?!?! I rang back, and the receptionist explained it must be a mistake and again, she would ring through. Another 5 minutes I get a message stating they feel the prescribed medication is sufficient and no further action required, but to contact reception if I feel this is a mistake. (Even though I just HAD 5 minutes prior!!!) I again ring back.... explaining I had rang at 8am for an emergency appointment to SEE a GP, so that my son could actually be assessed and see someone and possibly get antibiotics or something, not a moisturiser. The receptionist was completely sympathetic and could see where I was coming from- so why wasn't RUTH RICE *THE GP* reading the actual online consultation properly. She said she would go talk to her as she was clearly confusing it with the skin condition listed on his record for eczema. Another 20 minutes pass.... AND WOULD YOU BELIEVE.... NO APPOINTMENTS LEFT FOR TODAY... you will be triaged for tomorrow or call 111. COMPLETELY INCOMPETENT.

Author: Christine Partridge
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
Christine PartridgeLocal Guide · 135 reviews · 93 photosEdited a week ago

Author: Abdifatah Shire
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Abdifatah Shire1 review9 months ago

Author: Colin Pritchard
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking place. No patients in there yet still have wait well past appointment time to see anyone. People getting paid for doing nothing. Over paid and under worked. Not fit for purpose and well past its sell by date.

Author: Mike Harrison
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Very few doctors (far below national average of 3.18 per 1000 population) so frustrating and slow to get appointments, and an abrupt receptionist who wanted medical justification for my request which I’m not prepared to share (consequently declined to give me an appointment). The merger with Almondsbury practice by Montpelier was announced in Feb 2024 has been delayed twice on spurious grounds so patients - which they seem to forget about as their raison d’etre - get no benefit a year on. I’m willing to see a doctor in Almondsbury but that’s apparently impossible due to “IT issues” with merging patient lists which is a spurious excuse at best. My friends in other areas seem to enjoy far better service, a few days for f2f or phone appointments is the norm (typically 1 day in Thornbury). My experience of Pilning practice is third rate. The 2-star (of a possible 5) rating on BestCareCompare.com seems about right.

Author: B R
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
B RLocal Guide · 44 reviews · 5 photosa year ago

Author: Janice Black
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Telephone appoint at 1.30.4.35 & still waiting disgusting service.Phoned Surgery told Dr Belwood running late. Running Late!! What a joke!!

Author: Tsz Ying Chan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a dtp vaccine with nurse Kirsty! She is so gentle. Happy with the service

Author: Rachael Hillier
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rachael Hillier5 reviewsa year ago

Author: Heather Kirkham
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have rarely needed any support from the surgery since moving to the area in 2018 (normally just a yearly blood pressure check) but I have used three for other matters. One was to do with my mental health suffering whilst at work a couple of years ago and was dealt with very well, another my very first smear test where I was put at ease and nurse was fab, and yesterday I contacted them with a query and had a great call today from Dr Smith. I felt I was immediately taken seriously and the call was brilliant and I appreciate the time I was given to explain, it was incredible helpful and I've got a way forward immediately. I can only say I've ever had great service from all who I've had experiences with here, thank you for what you do!
