Practice: BRADLEY STOKE SURGERY
Canonical code: L81649
Postcode: BS32 9DS
Google Maps title: Bradley Stoke Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 122
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bradley+Stoke+Surgery/@51.5401464,-2.563214,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871916627873729:0xde0bb4ee82809763!8m2!3d51.5401431!4d-2.5606337!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11lffb5vng?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L81649-bradley-stoke-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shiva Kondaparti
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst process, this is going bad to worse. They are so far removed from patient care, burden them with ridiculous online system. Almost impossible to get the repeat prescription in single attempt.

Author: Omolola Anuodo
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Zero Communication by help desk and medical team transferring to patient frustrations and disatisfaction this morning. Duty of care, quite questionable 🤔 …

Author: Alex S
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently spoke with Emily at Bradley Stoke Doctor’s Surgery in Bristol after having some trouble using the online system, and I just wanted to share how incredibly helpful she was. From the moment she answered the phone, she was friendly, calm, and genuinely patient-focused. She took the time to carefully guide me to the appropriate support, making sure I understood everything clearly and felt confident using the online system going forward. She also helped me organise a required prescription and arranged an appointment with the nurse, which took a huge weight off my mind. What really stood out was how reassuring she was. She confirmed that I had followed the correct procedures and made me feel at ease throughout the call. At no point did I feel rushed - she was thorough, professional, and extremely kind. It’s not always easy navigating healthcare systems, especially when you’re already feeling stressed, but Emily’s patience, efficiency, and compassionate approach made a real difference. She’s a real credit to the surgery. Thank you again!

Author: Grazyna Buczynska
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Grazyna Buczynskaa month ago

Author: Jagruthi Bandi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always get good support from the GP. I love their services and wouldn’t move out of this community as I loose Bradley stroke surgery as GP.

Author: Petr Nemg
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It used to be such a good GP practice. However last three years the experience has been terrible. The receptionist is very rude. The Klinik system is unusable. More often than not, the system is locked. Apparently the computer works 9 to 5 only?!?! What is the point of having a computerised system? I should be able to arrange my appointment any time for the next working day. Why this is NOT possible!! Unfortunately, this is the only GP practice within walking distance. Edit: New system Anima the same problem. The computer works only Monday to Friday 9 to 5.

Author: Steve Dave
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Heard they were going to use AI to replace the receptionists but they couldn't train it to ignore a ringing phone for 15 minutes.

Author: Selina Bridgeman
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I feel so sorry for the receptionists at the surgery who are most helpful. but the systems are appalling. Things which took seconds with Klinik now take ages with Anima. No wonder the surgery has a terrible rating which is so unfair on the staff. Please may we have Klinik back.

Author: Darius Ilias
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible indeed

Author: Richard Killin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What an antiquated system you run on. I work through the night and get home at 4am, but if I want to book an appointment I have to wake up at 6:30am to book an appointment as the receptionist can't make bookings. So my condition can get worse and worse just because no one can take a booking for another day. No wonder the NHS is past it's sell by date. Privatise the whole lot.
