Practice: WADEBRIDGE & CAMEL ESTUARY PRACTICE
Canonical code: L82004
Postcode: PL27 7BS
Google Maps title: Wadebridge & Camel Estuary Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wadebridge+%26+Camel+Estuary+Practice/@50.514827,-4.8383524,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486b75a34657e099:0x68b641a751b9c79d!8m2!3d50.5148236!4d-4.8357721!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9ts89p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L82004-wadebridge-and-camel-estuary-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Duncan Wills
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Duncan WillsLocal Guide · 47 reviews · 7 photos4 days ago New

Author: F P
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m obnoxiously healthy and grew up in an Asian country, where the public healthcare service was very good and there was a culture of preventative & proactive care - if I had a concern I could discuss it with a GP and we would sort it out - for FREE. In the UK it’s completely reactive and dismissive and you’re treated like you’re being a nuisance taking up your sad 10min appointment time if you explain things like your hair is brittle and you’re constantly fatigued or your nose keeps bleeding. Literally we can’t even ask a medical expert, is this a problem and what do I do? Once I was snootily told I “need to exercise more” at a different city practice due to this outdated BMI system NHS insists on keeping (I’m athletic). Unfortunately mine and other complaints about the NHS is due to how their hands are tied by the system. This is really the result of who the majority voted for - against immigration to sustain your skilled workforce, for completely capitalist politicians who squeeze funding to put it elsewhere more “lucrative”, and for sexist leadership deciding the standard of medical practice - it’s only from late October last year that the NHS announced that women could ask for HRT during their check ups. Few of the other complaints on here are really things that a local practice or the nearby hospital would be able to change. So those issues aside, this practice is great. It’s spotless, well-organised, it’s got the nicest and most pleasant waiting room I’ve ever seen, the check in process and punctuality is great, and the staff I’ve met so far, including Pat the receptionist are super lovely. You’re in good hands if you need to come in for one of those uncomfortable but necessary checkups - the nurses are skilled and care about not stressing you out. If you want a better local healthcare system, VOTE WISELY.

Author: martyn smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible doctors surgery. They refuse to see people who arnt registered there, even if they are in the middle of a suspected heart attack. As for myself, I'm changing doctors because this surgery doesn't seem to care about people. I've had to ring them 3 times in 1 day just to try and get some more medication and they just try and blame the pharmacy when infant the pharmacy was waiting on the doctors to sort thier end out. Would recommend going elsewhere other than here.

Author: Mr T
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I often get seen same day, Doctors and Nurses are helpful and seem nice. I would recommend.

Author: Damian Boland
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Nice practice in the centre of town.

Author: L G
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible. If zero stars was an option that would be what this place is deserving of. Frosty, unhelpful reception staff who make you feel as though your concerns aren’t valid. Everything is now directed to an online bookings system which is far from user friendly, with appointments taking 3-5 days to approve. Sitting in phone queues for a long amount of time, only for the call to be disconnected the moment it hits lunchtime or closing time. When you finally get an appointment, you’re rushed in/out as quickly as possible. If a place makes you feel like our NHS system is failing it’s this one… I honestly think their lack of urgency and care towards patients will result in people missing diagnoses. If private wasn’t so expensive I would bypass this place and go down that route for the sake of my health.

Author: Chloe Kemp
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give less than 1 star I would, the customer service on the receptionists is awful, you feel as though you cannot have an appointment and that what you are dealing with isn’t worth the GP seeing you for! I was criticised for not calling sooner even though I was at work and not able to! I cannot believe the tone and attitude that I received when I am trying to get an appointment and care. This doctors surgery doesn’t care for its patients anymore and everything has to be done online through a form that they look at 3-5 working days later this is ridiculous!

Author: Lui Orr
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I had to get help from the surgery today and I just want to post to say that everything about dealing with the practice is frustrating and unfriendly. Filling in the lengthy badly put together online form is not user friendly or easy and I know how to use technology. I can only think that it must be so alienating to those who struggle. But the main thing is how frosty the staff are - from the moment you come through the gate the practice looks sad and unkept. Todays receptionist did not smile or even say hello. A truely unpleasant experience all round as always.

Author: Chris Dale
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good surgery, staff helpful and doctors are great. Would give 5 stars but I maybe being a show off lol

Author: Colin Garrett
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Colin GarrettLocal Guide · 10 reviews2 years ago
