Practice: MIDDLEWAY SURGERY
Canonical code: L82026
Postcode: PL24 2JL
Google Maps title: Middleway Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 19
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Middleway+Surgery/@50.3563854,-4.7158606,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486b6592ca0da73b:0x97a40092f6f750ba!8m2!3d50.356382!4d-4.7132803!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11pxlm6dwm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L82026-middleway-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chris Byrne
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is unable to provide any level of meaningful care. The staff are rude and unhelpful, the appointment booking system is a joke, dont believe for a second that you'll actually be able to book an appointment because if you call to book one you're made to feel stupid as they tell you to go online, and then when you go to the online link, it's been taken down because they have no appointments available, this has been my experience dealing with them for several years, they don't take mental health issues seriously, and they're even unable to sign off on a fit note on time, a week after I requested it I'm having to phone them daily and ask why it hasn't been done yet. I don't think any of the rude staff in there appreciate how disruptive they are to people lives through their incompetence, it all seems like a joke to them. Truly, truly awful, I can't think of one good thing to say about this surgery or the staff
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
Hi Chris, sorry to hear you have left us a 1 star review, I'm not sure of the details but if you wanted to reach out to me please email me managers.middleway@nhs.net and I would be happy to discuss, many thanks Claire - Practice Manager

Author: Steve Shroff
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant surgery Thank you

Author: Glynis Butler-Lee
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery for many years and find them to be very helpful especially when urgent care is needed.

Author: Simon hurford
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Simon hurford4 reviews7 months ago

Author: surving warrior daniel taylor
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only been here a month and already feel relationship is breaking down Ive had a bad experience with all GPS this GP now says after a month they don't know who I am and they don't feel safe around me on their own one to one but normally I have my mum with me it's a joke gonna be registering with the special allocations due to my autism and ADHD being played against I am already feeling uncomfortable being here with the manor I'm being dealt with they want two ladies looking at privates parts I have asked for a male chaperone and I've been refused a male chaperone I've then asked for a doctor to keep an eye on my wounds and again I'm not allowed that I am entitled to a male chaperone in my appointments now cancelled all appointments for dressings will be doing them like I have myself at home and I will be making a referral to allocation unit to get better help thought I was turning a page but obviously not not going down hill because I can't trust me nor wanting to treat me u put me from two days a week down to one then tellme I don't feel safe with me

Author: Shelley Lane
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful place. I experienced the worst treatment here. I had gone in with an ongoing health problem absolutely in tears because it was scaring me, I was dismissed by a female Dr with short hair, she rolled her eyes at me and made me feel so small. She looked as though she hated her job, and the passion and drive had fizzled. So took it out on me on my worse day!! I’m embarrassed and I’d never go back there. Registered with another surgery. Horrible people, jobs worth.

Author: Suzy Rich
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always been polite and kind. Only problem I have is the chemist. They have my prescription for a week and say the doctors didn't send it over. Then miraculously they find it.

Author: Mel Luxon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the receptionist was very rude, she wasn't helpful at all. She needs to go on a PR training course. Couldn't get an appointment so ended up dialling 111 absolutely disgusting

Author: ashaz bashir
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting behaviour! I was late and was not able to book another appointment due to the lack of customer service provided with me.

Author: Stephen Washington
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I went in and was 3 minutes late (due to commitment at work dealing with a seizure as I am a support worker). I was told I had to re-book my appointment. As I have never been seen within 20 of booked appointments in the past and often waited over 30 minutes I cannot believe I was treated in such a Manor. Absolutely disgusting. Will not be rebooting appointment have gone home and applied to join another practice.
