Practice: TRESCOBEAS SURGERY
Canonical code: L82052
Postcode: TR11 2UN
Google Maps title: Trescobeas Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 84
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Trescobeas+Surgery/@50.1552084,-5.0880928,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486b2354fc2604cf:0x50d79774284634ae!8m2!3d50.155205!4d-5.0855125!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thbw243?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L82052-trescobeas-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lucy Othen
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just called to book a gp appointment (called the wrong surgery by accident) and the receptionist was so incredibly rude by immediately implying I was lying by saying “we would never have said that” and then interrupted me twice demanding my date of birth rather than having a conversation with me or trying to assist me in anyway. She then bluntly and rudely said “you’re not in the system you’ve called the wrong surgery” and hung up!!! As someone that works for a reception myself - not even in healthcare - every aspect of that conversation was disgusting. I felt challenged and unwelcome and confronted when it was a simple honest mistake. Barely being able to get a word in or for her to try and help me nicely her treatment was horrid. There are many vulnerable people who may consider calling that line just needing help and if it’s her that picks up I am so so sorry, you are not alone and can get help, just elsewhere apparently… such a jolting and awful experience all in less than 2mins of calling.

Author: Maxine Lovheim
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Bad experience with doctors and this one receptionist is god awful rude! The senior receptionist did apologise on her behalf. How can they hire people like that to work in a place of healing? I know many people who have bad experiences with this surgery, and looking at the reviews it’s apparent there are a lot more! The surgery should be reported. I intend to report it and I hope everyone else who feels neglected does the same!

Author: Stephanie Harvey
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Several bad experiences with this surgery. An article will follow! A “short” recap that has caused lasting emotional trauma. After months of sudden back issue (bed ridden/unable to move£ I asked for help. Almost 2 years of visiting Dr.K, I was told I was depressed. The pain wasn’t real. It was in my head. I was pushed full with anti-depressants and sent home to feel crazy. Dr.K finally ordered X-ray/MRI, showing a prolapse in my spine, nerves and more. Now I could “prove” my pain. Dr.K apologised. I was NOT crazy! 2nd incident. Issues with my wisdom teeth, resulting in surgery to remove them. Face/neck was SO swollen, the pain was so intense from jaw all through my head. Extra pain added on to my already daily pain. Dr.K had previously issued standard pain killers for my back, but had no effect so I myself stopped the prescription not to waste them. Dr.K learned about my pain after surgery, she offered different pain killers. But due to my history with not normally taking pills, the side affects etc. she put some stronger ones on the side as she was going on holiday. This was if I needed them. I tried for a few days, I had server side effects and could not take them. I called the surgery and this time I spoke to Dr.D (due to Dr.K being on holiday). I could barely speak, let alone eat, sleep or function as a mother or human being. I explained everything to Dr.D in tears. His response - ‘You’ve had enough pain killers’. Said in a condescending way. Almost disgust. As if I was a junkie looking for pills. Obviously Dr.D lacks empathy! Had he looked at my chart he would see I hadn’t really taken any pain killers ever. Instead he kicked me whilst I was already down. And my life was already pretty hard at that point. Also turns out during surgery they cut the main nerve in my jaw! Still I can’t feel or taste on the right side of my face. Just a constant burning/tingling permanently. Soy pan was valid! Dr.D should have helped me, instead he chose to ignore Dr.K (who knew my history). Dr.D is the reason I went from depressed to suicidal thoughts. Again asking for help and getting treated as if I’m just crazy, or less than. I don’t trust doctors anymore, I don’t like asking for help or talking about any health issues. The depression has gone, but I’m left with anxiety still. 3rd. & FINAL time was recent. Moved back, and had to register again. I chose the same surgery as it’s closest and im stronger now (well a little at least!) Went in to the surgery, received forms from Receptionist Kind. She is lovely! I explained my issues with Dr.D. I was told to add a letter with my registration forms requesting not to be seen by Dr.D. I handed in my forms in person. Few days later I received a confirmation email, and a response that they couldn’t guarantee my request regards Dr.D. Anyways - I tried to book an appointment a while later. It failed. I called and spoke to a different person this time. Receptionist C! I gave my details. She said I wasn’t registered. I explained I had registered AGAIN recently. She said I must have gone somewhere else. ERM.. I calmly (and politely as I’m ALWAYS too polite to everyone who doesn’t deserve it) explained I hadn’t gone somewhere else as it’s my old surgery and I registered in person. She cut me off and said again I must have registered with a different surgery. This went on for a few minutes. I was feeling overwhelmed by the tone in her voice, and cutting me off as I was trying to explain. I then said I had a confirmation email. And before she let me finish she cut me off again, with such a rude and condescending voice said ‘im not going to speak to you if you raise your voice to me’. I was so shocked. I hadn’t raised my voice. I was trying to get help I answered that I wasn’t raising my voice, I was just trying to explain to her (my voice breaking, clearly trying to keep tears back). She just said the same words ‘I’m not going to talk to you when you raise your voice’. I have since registered with a different surgery! I will NEVER go back, and I wouldn’t recommend this surgery to ANYONE!

Author: Tim Mumford
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic surgery cant fault the Nurses or Doctors. Dr Hounsome is particually nice, listens and doesnt rush you. Thank you for the great service the surgery provides

Author: Vince Baker
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've not had the best year regarding my health But Dr Hyman, Dr Davies and the team have been there for me with excellent support and medical intervention. Thank you 😊. …

Author: Bluefush 1664
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist and her manager are either incompetent or rude or both. I went in to collect a prescription for someone 'post op'. I was clearly in the wrong part of the building (not my surgery thank God, so not familiar). I wasn't aware there was Boots Pharmacy adjoining. But tellling a member of the public there's a Boots pharmacy next door isnt a breach of GDPR/patient confidentiality. It's simply I might be in the wrong place. It's just common courtesy. Something clearly lacking from this individual and their manager who were both unnecessarily argumentative.

Author: Paula Burns
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff rude, inconsiderate, and totally unprofessional! I requested a call from the practice manager. Debbie Cummings returned my call and apologised after listening to a member of staffs calls to myself. (Lilly) after the call I have decided to look into alternative surgeries. I am extremely upset with the manor of staff at this surgery.

Author: Stacey Donohoe
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The doctors are amazing and caring,

Author: Aimee Tapsell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid avoid avoid ! Managed to speak to a dr twice in a year who we’re both lovely but slightly useless- saw a dr for my son for possible water inhalation- he said ‘he looked healthy enough’ and didn’t even listed to his lungs until I asked him to. Getting appointments is next to impossible.. the receptionists are some of the rudest, most condescending people I’ve ever had the misfortune to speak to. The klinic form is a disaster and for a huge marathon form seems to translate nothing to the Dr at all. The timings for the calls, appointments and applications are inconvenient and just causes more stress. They have deferred me to 111 and minor injuries for absolutely no reason - I’m guessing so they don’t actually have to do anything themselves. Worst surgery I’ve ever been involved with - if you want actual care or help - go literally anywhere else !!

Author: Bethany Elliott-Hutton
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I don’t normally write reviews, but I wanted to say how very grateful I am for the staff at Trescobeas Surgery, especially Practice Nurse Ele. She is incredibly kind and compassionate and makes you feel truly listened to.
