Practice: SALTASH HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: L82046
Postcode: PL12 6DL
Google Maps title: Saltash Health Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 87
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Saltash+Health+Centre/@50.409634,-4.22356,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c923c0a8eaadb:0x36acc1d219dde873!8m2!3d50.4096306!4d-4.2209797!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfcsn8m?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L82046-saltash-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: bruce craig
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had an excellent experience with saltash health care centre. The staff are constantly welcoming, professional and efficient and I have felt welcomed and well looked after since I arrived. Thanks to the whole team for the amazing care you provide.

Author: Sara Louise
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sara Louisea week ago New

Author: Karen Thomson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Karen Thomson2 reviewsa week ago New

Author: Ian Davis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Completed triage on behalf of my dad & he was seen in on the same day could not have asked for more.

Author: Terry Meaney
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give this place a minus if allowed,I have been waiting five weeks for a call back from a doctor for painkillers, as I am waiting for a complex spinal operation. When I contacted the surgery I was told that I was on a waiting list to be spoken to by a doctor. What use is a five week wait for painkillers, if you ask for painkillers it’s because you are in pain today not next month! This surgery is not fit for purpose. I have now contacted my local MP and also have written to the Secretary of State for Health, Wes Streeting on this matter. Shirley (diabetic nurse) and all the nurses are great along side Paul the physio. But I can’t say the same for the rest. What has happened to our health centre and the NHS?

Author: Kate Turner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Queries are always dealt withrefferals made promptly. Staff are knowledgeable and friendly and the care has been excellent. They're working really hard to provide a good service in difficult times. .

Author: Paul Chipman
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would just like to thank Mrs. Shirley Farrell and her partner for their excellent service and understanding yesterday (05/11/2025). Both are a credit to Saltash Health Centre.

Author: s j
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
These people are so unprofessional it's actually comical now. So what they are doing now is pushing patients to download the livi app, because obviously it benefits the creators and I dare say someone in the health centre probably gets a nice brown envelope. Despite filling out the triage and saying I wish to be called they want you to do a 'video' call, even though they know it's not necessary as it was in my case, they know you will have download the app to do it, it's basic stuff but they insist on insulting our intelligence. Anyway, I have refused this because you do not need to download apps and make other people rich to make a doctors appointment, just like you do not need to do a online 'triage' to make a appointment despite what they try and tell us, although sometimes its more pleasant then speaking to the rude receptionist as I find (by law you CAN make your appointment via phonecall, they will begrudgingly admit this if you ask) so upon calling them and saying you clearly didnt read my triage correctly and that I asked for contact to be made via a phoncall, not a video call which involves downloading a app, I was told the doctor deemed it necessary for my symptoms (overly tired, that needs a video call doesn't it lol, even the receptionist didnt think a video call was necessary for that when I asked her opinion) to have a video call (obviously nothing to do with having to download a app whatsoever) and that I will have to start making a second triage if I refused the livi video app call. And when I asked which doctor thinks I need a video consultation for my 'tired' symptoms I was told I dont think you need that information, to which I said I do, eventually she passed it on after probably remembering not to make the same mistake twice. So I make a second triage and insisting on receiving a phone call only 'please' what do they do? Yup you go it, they msg me and tell me to travel 10 miles for a blood test, and if I don't like it to call the surgery and wait one month for a blood test locally. Which is a odd time to wait since they are apparently sending everyone to plymouth, but hey they know the games they play and management knows it as well, essentially they are playing with people's lives, how long before someone passes away due to their 'morning attitudes' or maybe it's not how long maybe it's how many more...It's not as if they would tell any of us is it. Look at the reviews, they clearly have absolutely no interest in listening to the customers, and obviously they think we are all lying. The town councillors and local mp's need to take a long hard look at this place.

Author: Adriaan Hulleman
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Adriaan HullemanLocal Guide · 21 reviews · 7 photos7 months ago

Author: lily hambly
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
A doctors surgery is never going to get 5 stars, but 4 is pretty good ! I cannot fault them the last few times I’ve been (other than the odd rude receptionist). When doing the patient triage I’ve always had a call back within a couple of hours and same day appointments or when I had tonsillitis they didn’t even need to see me just photos of my throat and immediately prescribed antibiotics. I absolutely cannot fault Ann the bloods lady , she never misses the vein and as someone who has veins difficult to find Ann makes it so much easier and keeps me relaxed. And the lovely Gemma the paramedic who just shows she cares , she’s in the job for the right reasons.
