Practice: CARN TO COAST HEALTH CENTRES
Canonical code: L82041
Postcode: TR15 3DU
Google Maps title: Pool Health Centre - Carn to Coast Health Centres
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 46
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Pool+Health+Centre+-+Carn+to+Coast+Health+Centres/@50.2260192,-5.2707647,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCARN+TO+COAST+HEALTH+CENTRES+TR15+3DU!3m8!1s0x486b2026e0f41b6b:0xdbf4a6e64fd21a9!8m2!3d50.2261892!4d-5.2680704!9m1!1b1!15sCiVDQVJOIFRPIENPQVNUIEhFQUxUSCBDRU5UUkVTIFRSMTUgM0RVkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWPgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tx654?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.8
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L82041-carn-to-coast-health-centres.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dee Gordon Jackson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a brilliant consultation with Dr Maroof yesterday morning - she was interested, kind, knowledgeable, professional, efficient, everything you would hope for in a GP appointment. The lovely smiling receptionist on duty was also friendly and very supportive in sorting out another appointment for me. Thank you and good wishes to you all.

Author: Ken Wilkins
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been a patient at Carn to Coast for the last 30 years. During that time I have experienced it go markedly downhill from a decent surgery to one lacking in any real kind of competence with a couple of notable exceptions. I would go as far to say that at times they are anti-patient. So some examples: I have been misdiagnosed on a relatively simple matter but one causing extreme discomfort. My wife was not referred as a matter of urgency for an examination despite one being promised. I’ve lost two friends to prostate cancer who did have their PSA tests done, when I asked for one it took 5 weeks for the GP to contact me, when he did he tried to talk me out of it and then moaned at me because he was having to work on this birthday. Many, many errors are made on prescriptions. My wife came with me on a visit to the surgery and sat in the waiting room. She saw around 2 dozen people come in to reception and said that around 90% of those visiting had experienced mistakes on their prescriptions. She has had several examples herself the last being when she asked for a repeat in January she was told that as she hadn’t had one since August she had gone over the limit of 6 months. Anyone with any semblance of intelligence would have worked out that the time lapse was just under five months. My wife has also experienced other mistakes on her prescriptions that go in to double figures. It is without exception monumentally difficult to get through on the telephone, there are frequent occasions when they just leave a message saying that they are not taking any calls, not good for someone who for instance has had a mistake on their medication and may have to wait over a weekend if they ring on a Friday. Recently I wanted to see a GP myself on a semi urgent issue. I submitted one of the online forms and waited a few days. I received a text message from Dr Spittle telling me to contact the surgery immediately for an appointment. I did so, waiting around 35 minutes to get through, when I did I was told that I could not book an appointment in this way and would have to wait until the following morning which I did and I was not contacted. I made a complaint about this and was told that Dr Spittle had left the practice years before yet they were still using his name on text messages to tell patients to do things that in fact they couldn’t. When I did finally get to speak to someone to make an appointment it was said to me that I had refused to be treated by either Dr Smith or Dr Carter (the best GP there in my view) in the past, this was not true and should not have been put on my records. As I’ve said I’ve been a patient for the last 30 years here and I have to say that things have gone markedly downhill since the current practice manager took over a few years back. Whilst I appreciate that more and more pressure is being put on GP services a lot is also alleviated with additional ‘outside resources’ such as pharmacies, minor injury units and the like so there shouldn’t be this constant battle for the patient just to get a moderate level of service. Perhaps its easy to criticise without giving a solution. I think a very good start would be a simple activity sampling exercise amongst the reception staff just to see how much time is wasted on prescription mistakes, no mistakes = more time for helping patients and answering the phone. I have now left the surgery.

Author: James
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service through the klinik. My query was answered almost immediately with a doctor's diagnosis and prescription the following day.

Author: Kieran
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff were kind, friendly, and very welcoming. The clinic had a warm, comfortable atmosphere that made the visit pleasant and stress-free.

Author: Neil
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Extremely difficult to get an appointment as having to do a klinik form, and to get replies from form is nuts. Put on form home number for contact and they ring mobile phone. Takes ages for a response

Author: james parker
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly staff with a wide range of medical services and a good size car park

Author: Richie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor service, blames the system instead of trying to support and help clients. I have a severe infection in my stomach and still it’s not important.

Author: Bob Hi
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good

Author: Helen Lyne
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really helpful receptionists near closing time on Monday last week with information about proxy forms and rushing a prescription through for a family member. Matt Riddle the mental health specialist has been so helpful over the past year. Absolutely amazing listener with such a warm and gentle tone. He has coached me through medication changes and side effects. Brilliant care, thank you Matt.

Author: Susan Bevan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The pharmacist is amazing. Had a medication review with Yousuf and he was fantastic and really helpful
