Practice: DARTMOUTH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L83094
Postcode: TQ6 0JL
Google Maps title: Dartmouth Medical Practice, Health & Wellbeing Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 21
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dartmouth+Medical+Practice,+Health+%26+Wellbeing+Centre/@50.3467591,-3.6062036,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486d190ac92b061d:0xa402e322cbeefab0!8m2!3d50.3467557!4d-3.6036233!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11kk85g1c2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83094-dartmouth-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Cass Morrigan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff often rude, occasionally nasty, prescriptions often altered, or delayed for months. I asked for a form to complain about this, respectfully (as always), and was asked to wait in the street (during Covid lockdown). Nothing to sit on, no one else outside, so after a while I sat on the pavement. Waited 45 minutes. A doctor came out who I had never seen before, trying to start a massive argument, shouting loudly at me to "go away" and then chased me around a parked car trying to punch me in the face! I dodged and got away, utterly shocked. - Instead of just handing me a form. The police said it was too low-level. NHS Complaints did nothing. So I joined a lot of other people who transfer to other surgeries in nearby towns. In hindsight, I think the managers like to choose their customers, and systematically abuse others until they give up. I have no idea why I was unchosen by those ridiculous amateurs. Half the doctors are fine, half are not.

Author: Justine Tuckwell
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently moved to Dartmouth from another practice that was extremely incompetent,and I'm happy I did.My experience so far with Dartmouth has been first class.Very responsive staff from receptionists to Dr's, nurses and the pharmacy staff.A special mention to Dr Grey who's been amazing and has progressed me further with my back pain management and future operation at exteter in 3 months than the last practice did in 2 years. Thankyou to all

Author: Rhys
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Bad bad bad hospital.. never go!sa come in at 4 and it’s now 4.45 and still not been seen. Absolutely horrific

Author: Janet Mccoy
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Janet Mccoy2 reviews6 months ago

Author: Arcadia Bay
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are so lucky to have a medical center so close by. Since moving from Bristol 2 years ago the practice has ensured I have regular blood tests and communication has been really good. The staff and Doctors are so good as well. This is one example of the NHS working and delivering

Author: Amy Caswell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Surgery staff were very responsive to a medical incident in my family while we were in Dartmouth on holiday. The receptionist was empathetic and efficient, and the GP seen was excellent. They provided a fantastic service from start to finish at a time when we really needed it.

Author: Malaika20
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Malaika208 reviews · 1 photo7 months ago

Author: Ethan Electro
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been struggling of late mentally and my mate told me he had some therapy sessions here and he said they really helped him. So thought I would give it a go. However, in my experience they have not been so helpful. Whilst writing this review I had started some type of course treatment with 3 different therapists. The first I saw in person and made a little progress and she gave me stuff to work on and refer back to her. Unfortunately I couldn't make it to the second appointment as my vehicle needed to go a mechanic to have repair work, so I had to cancel. They unfortunately couldn't fit me in for over a month and they said that it's over a month I'll have to re-refer myself. So, I then re-referred myself to another therapist and thought it would be easier to do it over the phone or webcam. This time I got in contact with a therapist via email and I replied back to them but they never got back to me. So I re-referred myself for a third time and got in contact with one therapist and actually had a couple of sessions over the phone and I think we were making good progress. He even did a little anxiety test on me and apparently I scored rather high and could even list for anxiety treatment but that wouldn't be for a couple of years at least. However, the course treatment was cut short when I got an email stating that they were ill and wouldn't be back to work for at least a few weeks. Sounded like to me he quit his job and found a better one somewhere else. I know reputation and image is important for everyone, but honesty never hurts anyone either and I would've appreciated it. So then they put me in contact with another therapist and we engaged in conversation via email and tried to book an appointment but I didn't have any free time for a few weeks because of work (I'm self-employed) which led to over a month from the last session, so I then had to re-refer myself again to the health centre. I emailed them stating that I hadn't been doing so great mentally recently and would like to start treatment as soon as possible. They eventually came back and said they received my referral and will get me booked in as soon as possible. I never heard from them again. I know the NHS is in desperate need of funding and is in total disarray but honesty is free and doesn't hurt anyone. The image of the NHS is already in shreds, so why keep the hope up of people who are struggling and need help! It's rather a stab in the heart when you're struggling mentally and the people you look to for help don't seem to care. I have been getting worse as well.

Author: Dan Simpson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but praise for the people running this practise. No trouble getting appointments, always explain what's going on, professional and caring. Thank you

Author: Lord Snooty
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s a wonderful building if one can ever get an appointment through the new booking system which operates something like this: Step 1, my wife phones to make me an appointment Step2, my wife is directed to a website to make and appointment Step3, I receive a text confirming that I need to make an appointment Step4, I call the number sent to me to make an appointment and am directed to the website Step5, I detail the nature of the appointment required and a list of dates that I’m available Step6, I receive another text telling me to call for an appointment Step7, I drive up to make an appointment in person
