Practice: BOVEY TRACEY & CHUDLEIGH PRACTICE
Canonical code: L83045
Postcode: TQ13 9QP
Google Maps title: Bovey Tracey & Chudleigh Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 17
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bovey+Tracey+%26+Chudleigh+Practice/@50.5921142,-3.6760498,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486d07303b1cf269:0xcf825eda71e96ef1!8m2!3d50.5921108!4d-3.6734695!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2wgcyy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83045-bovey-tracey-and-chudleigh-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mickey “Magic” Mouse
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Good doctors apart from their robot talks for 3 mins wasting your life away, when you are having to ring them a lot this has taken up too much of my time, if you have people abusing you get rid of them don't take it out on us and waste our life away. Please stop paying these doctors our nhs money as i have not been able to get hold of a doctor for over 6 months a pointless organisation and a waste of our time and money please give it to the hospitals that actually treat us

Author: Matthew Bennett
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely fed up with dealing with this practice and the problems they cause with medication. As a type one diabetic to have a problem with almost every repeat prescription I attempt to order. This time a specific GP removed the rapid insulin from the repeat list. As according to the computer I hadnt had a repeat for this item since 2024. Im a type one diabetic so me not ordering this item in a year is rediculous. I may not have the best control but I use insulin on a daily basis . David walliams springs to mind. Maybe if the GP actually read notes she would have queried why according to the computer hasnt this person ordered insulin. I have ordered medication using the NHS app and a week later apparently even after receiving confirmation from the app the pscript had according to staff not been recieved. Then emergency pcript taking days to be signed off and issued to the pharmacy. They say youll get your medication in a few days. Like i have pointed out to them previously it takes 5 working days for the electronic prescription too be issued then 5 working days for the pharmacy to order recieve and process the electronic prescription. When in truth the medication wont be ready to collect for at least two weeks by which time Ive been forced to go without insulin. So far i have been forced to go without insulin for over 12 consecutive days because of the failings and the sole expectance of use of systemoneonline.

Author: Antony Moore
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionists are very good and it’s not their fault at all that it’s now been made so difficult to make a simple appointment!! The system online is a total waste of time and another example of useless design when it comes to anything web based for this type of thing. THIS NEEDS TO BE SORTED OUT AND FAST !!!!

Author: Alex Bennett
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a first class practice staffed by very skilled and committed practitioners who are working tirelessly for our community, thank you for everything you do.

Author: Helenna Walsh
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am a new patient to the GP practice and the lady who I just spoke to on the the phone was absolutely brilliant! Very helpful and kind! Thank you!! Call: Wednesday 27th - 10:15

Author: Carolyn Davies
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is shocking the way this practice is run. My husband was terminally ill for 2 1/2 years and not once did I manage to get an appointment for him. The reception staff are like Rottweilers on heat They’re so purpose in life is to get you off the phone and not see a doctor. They should hang their heads in shame the way they treat people.

Author: James Vanstone
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors all seem lovely when you can finally get an appointment, but the introduction of this absolutely AWFUL nationwide online booking system must be the worst thing the NHS has introduced to the public of all time. If you cannot get a slot in the tiny window in the morning for that same day, you cannot book any appt for any immediate days after. I was on hold for 20 minutes only to have the receptionist hang up on me and NOT call me back (I work in an IT company where doing that would get me a disciplinary, so why its acceptable in an NHS surgery I do not know).

Author: lucy mcnally
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse surgery ever! Can't get an appointment for anything. Reception staff rude. Online systems don't work.

Author: Ame Carolea
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
They are very great team of both doctors and receptionists. The only sad thing is that's it's become so impersonal and everything has to go through the website rather than being able to talk to someone.

Author: Nicola Mulligan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
So frustrating trying to get to see a Dr. I went into the surgery and asked for a face to face appointment.The receptionist reluctantly made an appointment for me on line. The day of the appointment i get a phone call asking me to send a photo, the Dr would phone me.
