Practice: SOUTH LAWN MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L83084
Postcode: EX1 2RX
Google Maps title: The South Lawn Medical Practice
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+South+Lawn+Medical+Practice/@50.7231592,-3.508049,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486da4093ff76e01:0xf3be971a9a10abc7!8m2!3d50.7231558!4d-3.5054687!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v_w1syv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83084-south-lawn-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicola Roberts
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery for 21yrs. From the very beginning my husband had malignant melanoma GP was amazing with us both. Sadly my husband died within two months but the surgery continued with support. Fast forward I have an ongoing pain issue Again the doctors and staff have been amazing. Can't them enough for their kindness

Author: Dipak Chaudhari
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Two times I went for appointment and good this is they always give quick and walk in appointments

Author: Adrian Cotterill
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A couple of weeks ago I had a problem with my medication Mirazapine 30mg. My Doctor had put me on the higher dose of 45mg but did not take off the Mirazapine 30mg and I was getting two lots of MIRTAZAPINES in my monthly meds. I had contacted the South lawn Medical centre by telephone and spoke to someone in customer care and bearing in mind I was not threatening or using bad language as I was asking for the female customer care team to delete the Mirazapine 30mg on my repeat prescriptions and she would not do this for me as she had the rights to go into someone's Medical records and give the information out to that patient. She had told me to contact boots as this was where I am having my medications from and take it up with them but I knew that she was sending on a wild goose chase. I had contacted the pharmacy department and I had explained what I had experienced from my GP Surgery and she had told that this was a surgery matter and she could not understand why they had reached in this way as this would have been so easy to deal with. Anyway she had very kindly had said to me the she would take this up with surgery on my behalf. In the meantime I I had spoken to the Admin manager who did not want to listen as she had told that the Mirazapine 30mg had been taken off my medications. But why didn't the surgery do this when I had made the request to surgery. But the Admin manager had been so rude to me over the phone that I had put the phone down as I didn't want to speak to someone who was so obnoxious. As I think she had got the hump and weeks later I had received a letter in the post from the South Lawn Medical Centre accusing me of using threatening behaviour and bad language towards a member of staff as this was not true as I had tried to email the surgerys manager and inform him as to what was going on. As I had told him that the letter that was sent to me had been slander as I have never used bad language or threatening behaviour towards a member of staff. But I do know if the manager did not know what was happening in his own surgery as I feel the Admin manager had gone to him at somepoint and used his name on the letter. As I feel that this had been intercepted by someone within the surgery that did not want this problem to go any further, as I had received a message saying your message will not be acted upon. Since then I have moved surgery as I am not going to tolerate this kind of behaviour from a professional person like a GP Surgery and they will be doing well to remember this as they are here to serve the public. Please do not go to the South Lawn Medical Centre as your complaints will not be taken seriously and you will be accused of using bad language or threatening behaviour as these people do not want serve you in their surgery.

Author: Sarah Boyce
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I have been with this surgery for over 35years ,it has always been efficient and had very good Drs and Nurses.However in the last 4 years in my opinion it has gone down hill! Only 2 Drs I think are very good the rest come and go , inconsistent and sometimes lack a good bedside manner.Getting an emergency appointment is very difficult and some of the receptionists are unhelpful, as I found out recently. An email sent out from South lawn surgery ,was spelt surgey ? again attention to detail and care . It would be lovely to not just have a Good rating but to work to get it Great again.

Author: Roq Shard
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly, competent, spacious, good parking.

Author: Brian Sprague
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly doctors and receptionist.

Author: Sylvia
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had to contact surgery today, first class caring treatment from Receptionists who arranged an emergency phone call from duty doctor. Appointment with gp given for later in afternoon, very supportive and helpful. Thank you all.

Author: Nigel Bishop
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am 59 years old and have had medical issues for a signifant number of years. Dr Richold is the best GP I have ever experienced. He gets me and my issues and has been so supportive. The receptionists are brilliant without being instrusive. The nurse practioners are top notch. So lucky to have SLMP as my NHS GP...

Author: Mr Blumfeld
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Mr Blumfeld6 reviews · 1 photoa year ago

Author: Stu Robbo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice is terrible, i cant get an appointment litrally ever when i want one when i need one, 4 years later when i call up its even worse, just want to pass you off to the hospital, seems to me there really is no point in having a gp there never available, i think there job has got that easy they have forgotten how to care and work, making you fill forms out online instead of being able to go up there sit in the waiting room to see someone, its a joke
