Practice: ROBOROUGH SURGERY
Canonical code: L83048
Postcode: PL6 6PH
Google Maps title: Roborough Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Roborough+Surgery/@50.4274784,-4.1178078,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486ced6ed1f22161:0xf433b5e8ef1d197a!8m2!3d50.427475!4d-4.1152275!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hpq5zjb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83048-roborough-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Simon Humberstone
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
It is an appalling surgery with staff who are uncaring, and do their very best to deflect patients from receiving the care which they deserve. They failed to recognise serious patient symptoms, which should have been a 'Red Flag' event to a competent health professional. Indeed, untrained administrative staff are making clinical decisions. They fail to take on board written recommendations by outside health professionals. This led to misdiagnosis of an extremely serious health condition, which could have been left unchecked, had it not been for another private organisation recognising the extremely serious nature of the illness. This did lead to attending A&E, which Roborough Surgery should have done in the first instance. They even lie to the Area Health Authority in an attempt to cover their mistakes.

Author: Luk D
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Luk DLocal Guide · 14 reviews · 100 photos3 weeks ago New

Author: Ellie Willner
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I registered with Roborough Surgery back in September to seek advice regarding an existing diagnosis. Since then, my experience has been extremely disappointing. I do not feel I am being taken seriously at all. Despite clearly having ongoing health concerns, no proper physical examinations have been carried out, and my worries feel brushed aside. There is a complete lack of emotional care or reassurance from both the doctors and reception staff, which is very distressing when you are already anxious about your health. The systems in place are very poor. It is nearly impossible to book an appointment within a reasonable time frame. You can wait over three weeks just to be contacted, only to then be referred to a GP for an initial appointment. The delays are unacceptable. Reception staff often come across as uncaring and unhelpful, which only adds to the frustration. Overall, the lack of urgency, compassion, and basic care has left me feeling unsupported. Because of this, I am now having to spend a significant amount of money and consider going private just to get the help I need. I would not recommend this surgery to anyone who needs timely or compassionate care.

Author: patricia mchale
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
fantastic surgery with polite receptionists, easy to check in and the wonderful Dr Arkell who has been great, explaining my medical needs, I have had great service from Roborough surgery

Author: AA
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgraceful surgery. Gps and nurses are sullen, disinterested, dismissive, and try adopt a way of making patients feel like a nuisance. It would be interesting to know how many people have had the old platitudinous ' are you anxious' statement that has been rolled out over decades. Change the record. People are not falling for that anymore.

Author: Debbie Askew
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Im diabetic and a lower leg amputee and I had a sore on my leg where the prosthetic leg had rubbed.I saw a lady doctor who said that will get better on its own without antibiotics which I asked for.Well it didn't get better and I ended up with sepsis in hospital. I have now joined another surgery

Author: Robert Shaw
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My father & our family first registered with this surgery when it existed on Tavistock road, before moving to it's current location. That year was 1967. 58yrs ago. This year, my father who is 93yrs old & is suffering from prostate cancer, has suffered with ill health, in particular with breathing issues. On Friday 27th June, 2025, my brother contacted the surgery on order to make an appointment to see a Dr. He was told that due to their 'triage' system, a Dr would contact him by phone on or around the 15th July!!! How can you make any form of diagnosis about a breathing issue in a 93yr old man who is partially deaf, over the phone!! I travelled down from Norfolk on Monday, 30th January & went straight to the surgery. I complained about the lack of help re my dad & that a phone consultation was inadequate, particularly bearing in mind my dad is pretty deaf, even with hearing aids. I was told to fill in a request via 'the app',on line!! The following day i contacted 111 & my dad was seen within 3hrs. Diagnosed with heart failure he was given limited medication. Since that date, he has now been told that the cancer has spread to his bones & that there is little they can do. Fast forward to Monday 6th October, due to my dad's breathing worsening he was admitted to Derriford hospital. He spent the week there recovering. He was looked after really well and as a result his breathing has improved. He has a review in December 2025 re his medication. He had his last face to face review in 2017! I've just sent a message via the surgeries website asking that the review is face to face. I simply do not understand how an elderly man with breathing issues has never been seen by a Dr. When I complained, I mentioned then, all I wanted was for my dad to be seen by a Dr. That simply fell on deaf ears. Ironically, on that visit, there was one person in the waiting room!! Absolutely ridiculous!!! In Norfolk we haven't got this ridiculous triage system in place! You actually ring the surgery & where you can, make an appointment! You remember, just like it used to be!! Roborough surgery, I have no faith in you to be able to look after my dad. The only people to have done that this year, are the brilliant staff at Derriford hospital. A huge thank you to them. I'm pleased to say that my dad is doing ok now thst he's back at home & is being visited twice daily by brilliant carers, who show nothing but compassipn & professionalism in their job role. It's no wonder Roborough surgery only has a 2.7 star review. That says it all!! Get back to being a caring service like it once was, instead of fobbing your patients off. You have abandoned all principles when it comes to patient care. Shame on you!!

Author: Sean Creaven
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why can’t I book an appointment over the phone. Why do I have to answer 5000 questions all I want is to see a Doctor 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡 …

Author: Maya Barnes
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible service, been fighting 4 years nearly just to be seen and taken seriously. Trying to book an appointment is like trying to find a needle in a haystack. The doctor requested me to ask reception something and was told I’d have to do it on the website. When explaining that the doctor wants me to have it ASAP she walked away and didn’t come back. Sorry to sound morbid but you could pass away before they actually see you.

Author: Joe
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only speak for ME. Yes it would be nice to get a face to face with a doctor sooner a Roborough. But when I have to go and see a doctor I’m always shown respect and treated well. I went to see Dr Holman a few weeks ago, it was the first time I had seen him, Couldn’t fault him, had plenty of time to talk & explain things to me. I just hope everyone shows respect to all who work in the NHS, Just remember when your frustrated that a lot of problems going on is not the Doctors doing it’s the government
