Practice: CROFT HALL MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L83027
Postcode: TQ2 5UA
Google Maps title: Croft Hall Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 96
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Croft+Hall+Medical+Practice/@50.4667534,-3.5382903,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486d0fdc6a49b347:0x154e4ef0120c3d2!8m2!3d50.46675!4d-3.53571!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfp1wvd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83027-croft-hall-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: matttoms500
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionist thinks she's a doctor im suffering with mental health issues and im being refused to see a doctor by the receptionist who's clearly medically trained.

Author: Clifford Morgan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
told to book on for a appointment, Easy i was told it must be me. It just doesn't work , after filling boxes, NO line down.

Author: grace thomas
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
had an appointment with nurse polly that i was terrified about but she was an angel and the nicest person ever 👼 …

Author: A J
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Booking my child’s vaccinations - appointments are behind schedule due to being ‘unable to book in advance’ despite it being a routine procedure with the nurse. Every time I have phoned to arrange I have to wait for a call back from a different receptionist to get onto the nurses schedule. At the 8 week appointment, we had also been booked to see the doctor but I was told to have the jabs before the appointment when it was meant to be the other way around, i was left waiting for over 30 mins before realising the error and then it took another hour to see the doctor and get the jab completed, not ideal with a newborn. The vaccinations are on a strict schedule and cannot be booked until 4 weeks after the previous appointment, however the receptionist booked us 1 day early, we were told this at the appointment when we were turned away by the nurse now the next available slot is over 2 weeks away.

Author: Paul Donohoe
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hi Just wanted to give a massive thanks to Toni The surgery Manager. In one phone call Toni has managed to solve a multitude of problems that I was having. I have been with the surgery for more than 15 years and I have always received excellent service from the reception team along with the prescription team,and the Doctors. It's a rare opportunity to get the same service as a private patient at no cost as its a NHS surgery. Thank you all very much Your in a league of your own.

Author: sarah Braye
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I phoned today to find out some results. Michele the medical receptionist was brilliant and so helpful. Bless her she even took the time to call me back with in 5 minutes. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars was I did have to wait 27 minutes on hold but Michele did apologise for that. So I would give Michele 5🌟. Thank~you Kind Regards Sarah 🌻

Author: Anna Messer
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I want to put a shout out for the medical professional Ryan Bishop. I just found out he is a paramedic at the surgery when thinking he was a doctor (which he should be) he has been amazing with my little boy the last two times we have been. He is calming and so child led in his approach which has made my child more relaxed. He understands his additional needs and was very relaxed in assessing my son health. (Even assessing my son toy Mr Tumble to make sure he was feeling ok too) I would love for him to be main professional my son sees each time we go.

Author: Holly
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to put a 5 star review up for Ashleigh. Its such a breath of fresh air having a receptionist who actually listens and has empathy regards to people's health issues and concerns . She was really helpful and also offered to be my chaperone , which she didn't have to do. We need more people like this working in the NHS please 😊🌟

Author: Manuela Sehmi
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Some Staff very rude and verbaly abusive ( Ground keeper and girlfriend ), even with violence. Gp's not very good, guessing what is wrong, instead of investigen, so many times not getting medications on time or not all. no stars from me

Author: K Jo4
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
1st experience with this surgery and had to give a massive shout out to Michelle, on reception. I watched her deal with 2 very rude patients ahead of me while I waited. Her attitude did not change with each person! Polite, friendly, cheerful and professional throughout. She is an absolute credit to you ☺️
