Practice: OAKSIDE SURGERY
Canonical code: L83015
Postcode: PL5 3PY
Google Maps title: Honicknowle Green Medical Centre Oakside Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Honicknowle+Green+Medical+Centre+Oakside+Surgery/@50.4113204,-4.1626243,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x486c92c455ecea7f:0x4e8f9ebd1d8e417f!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c92c4538c2ab9:0x51d788ea4f4e8523!8m2!3d50.411317!4d-4.160044!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1x1r5r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83015-oakside-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Steven Goss
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery has gone from great to diabolical. Nearly 2 months for a telephone consultation and now, when you put a prescription request in, they don’t respond for days. On this occasion I’m now left running out of pain medication. The list goes on. I was misdiagnosed as no further action a couple of years back, it turned out to be melignant melanoma only found because I stood my ground at the reception until I got an appointment. Since then I refuse to see Dr Lenden.

Author: Vanessa Mcgregor
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I am no longer a patient at this practice, my husband and l have now registered elsewhere. The reason is because the receptionists are very rude to patients, when my husband phoned them about a medical problem, he was told ‘if you don’t like it, go elsewhere’ which we did. However my grandson is still registered there. Last November he became quite ill with stomach problems, knowing how difficult it was to get an appointment, he consulted the doctor at the company he works for, they sent all the paperwork to oakside. Earlier this month he became quite ill again and called the surgery for an appointment and was told he could have one in the middle of March, he explained that paperwork was forwarded to them and he needed an urgent appointment, where upon the receptionist called him a liar, even though he has proof that the paperwork was there. Today I had to bring my grandsons stool sample in, there was only one lady in front of me - she was 86yrs old and partially deaf, she wanted hearing aid batteries and to make an appointment, the receptionist was extremely short with her, the lady even took the battery out of her hearing aid to show the girl and then was told her she could only have an appointment for a specific reason and this poor lady finally told her it was because she had breathing problems. The receptionist then decide to speak to me and the gentleman who had come in behind me asking if we had appointments, the gentleman said yes and she told him to use the check in screen, which was not working, so she cane off the lady’s screen to book the gentleman in, I then said I had a sample to pass in and she told me to just leave it further up the counter, leaving the lady just stood there. I phoned when I got home to talk to the practice manager, but was informed that they do not take phone calls, what is the point of having a manager, if you can’t talk to them. The biggest joke of all is that when you do phone the surgery, you get almost 3 minutes of rules and regulations before you can even talk to a receptionist and a big part of the rules and regulations is telling you, don’t be rude to the receptionists and that they are ‘highly trained’ ?? Maybe a good idea to retrain them then. I was told once when I was taken to hospital in an ambulance, by an ambulance person, ‘oakside is the worst surgery in Plymouth’ and I must agree.

Author: Caroline Phillips
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to book an appointment for this surgery by telephone and online to no avail. Did it the old fashioned way and wrote to them instead. Reception rang me to make an appointment.... success!!!! Appt made for the 1st August 2pm hooray! Text confirmation received, followed by another reminder text hooray I'm on a roll. Turned 10 minutes early on the 1st August. Tried to check-in . Computer said 'no' Go to reception. Receptionist finally came out from the office it's 1minute to go😬 She didn't know why I was there apparently my appt was for the 4th August.....got out the phone with my texts. While she was talking to me 3 messages came through to me confirming 4th August!!! Told her I couldn't make that date so now I'm back on the waiting list!!!!! I had to remove myself whilst telling her not to even bother. Absolute joke!! Update as of the 06/12/25. Joined a Pathway Surgery just after my original review. I've had 2 surgery appointments,1 blood test, which was overdue, 1 hospital consultation and 1 MRI at Derriford. Can't believe the difference in the service between different surgeries. The receptionist with Pathways hub was very polite, friendly and most important of all, professional. Best move I've made.

Author: Jelz
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This was a 2 year old good review. But now it is the worst gp practice. Rude gps. Hang up on dying patients. And will say something and then call you a liar for repeating it

Author: Spuddys
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Partner rang doctors about my 11 month old, they said she was fine, which she wasn’t so we rang hospital and they found something but the doctors didn’t, even the hospital staff said they should of done more, absolutely useless surgery all they do is tell you to go to the pharmacy

Author: ray burch
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
worst doctors ever, impossible to get an appointment. form to get an appointment is abysmal and when you get a reply they tell you to just go the pharmacy its a joke has went so downhill recently don't even bother going here

Author: Jackie Cockle
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jackie Cockle8 months ago

Author: Danielle Bingham
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Danielle Bingham4 reviews · 1 photo8 months ago

Author: Tara west
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tara westLocal Guide · 2 reviews · 16 photos9 months ago

Author: Jason Shopland
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to get an appointment is impossible, needs to have NHS money taken away for this setup
