Practice: DEVON SQUARE SURGERY
Canonical code: L83046
Postcode: TQ12 2HH
Google Maps title: Devon Square Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Devon+Square+Surgery/@50.5304207,-3.6074745,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486d05db3524e445:0x3e373c306c0fd18d!8m2!3d50.5304173!4d-3.6048942!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ttq1jlq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83046-devon-square-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gloria Goodlad
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Spoke to Denise on Reception at the surgery this morning and would like to say that she was lovely, very knowledgeable, helpful and reassuring. She dealt with my queries about recent blood test results and booked a telephone consultation with Dr Ross to further discuss these. She is definitely an asset to the Surgery, thank you Denise!

Author: Roo James
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Used to be five star. Now only a one. Complete lack of empathy towards patients, no support regarding chronic conditions, overly complicated systems, next to impossible to see a GP, runs through patients like a check out operator at Aldi throwing your shopping at you. Incompetence nearly led to serious harm. A shame as once it was a really lovely family friendly practice. Now it's a dump.

Author: Rebecca ormiston
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful doctors surgery, 😖 just horrendous from the know it all receptionists to the uncompassionate "gps". Ive been made to feel like I dont matter or it's all in your head countless times. Being spoken down to like a child and also told that there's nothing more they can do to help me... I saw dr "best" about awful pain in my stomach after childbirth, he said i was to young to have any seriously wrong with me!! and gave me omeporazole for acid reflux.. next day i was in A&E needing an emergency gall bladder removal ... this is just one horrendous experience, i can name alot more. I have fibromyalgia and this doctors does not know or want to know anything about it let alone try to help.. now I've moved to a different surgery for the last few months I can truly say that it isn't acceptable and if you want a doctors surgery who cares this isn't the one for you. I will say dr ross and dr cronshaw are the exceptions because they are kind and helpful. Also this is my personal experience and my opinion is based on that. Do not recommend at all!!

Author: Amanda Wright
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They are horrendous they loose paperwork without concern even though it is relevant to on going cancer checks they cant find appointments for BT that are requested by the hospital .They cant even put your correct details in 6 years later the list is just endless they never have anyone that u can talk to and the Practice Manager is never on site you wait 6 weeks for a phone call after BT. The condescending mannerisms constantly. Yes I will be looking for a different surgery.

Author: R J
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since moving to this surgery they have a been a great help to myself and my family. Prioritising the appointments well , quick to act if needed. Very good surgery!

Author: Fr. Matthew Cashmore
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I think they have a longer list of things they don't help with than what they can. They spend more time telling you what they can't do rather than what they can, and in doing so shut the door in the face of so many who need help. If they spent as much time helping people rather than using various systems and processes to stop people accessing services and help then perhaps I'd be burying fewer people from late diagnosed cancer.

Author: Devon Oak
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family have been with Devon Square since 2012, and they definitely deserve 5 stars. I'll admit that no GP surgery is perfect, the NHS is overstretched and underfunded, etc., etc., but overall they have been great. We have had responses from GP's within an hour of submitting requests. For urgent issues they are nearly always available to see or speak to you the same day. Doctor Ross is also really good with mental health support, but I think all the GP's we have seen have been good.

Author: Margaret Dore
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have been with the surgery for at least 40yrs

Author: A A
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service

Author: Leanna Wakely
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everyone in this surgery is great. They are committed to providing continuity of care with your registered GP whilst ensuring high priority patients are seen in a timely manner. The reception staff are knowledgeable and seem to prioritise appointments & signposting effectively.
