Practice: FRIARY HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: L83072
Postcode: PL4 9BH
Google Maps title: Friary House Surgery
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 228
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Friary+House+Surgery/@50.3726172,-4.1307188,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x486cecb0d03e2041:0xe9dd2ea032bb003d!4m8!3m7!1s0x486cecb0d0682fb5:0x676a0c8bd36d0e5b!8m2!3d50.3726138!4d-4.1281385!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v93_h97?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83072-friary-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Justin Kelso
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Really good at sending texts and letters that aren't really relevant, but try to call and you're better off not bothering. Online booking only works when they're open too. Staff are nice but clearly overworked. I don't know what to say. Like everywhere, they're understaffed, underfunded and woefully inadequate. There's nothing we can do either. So us, the patients are left to suffer because our taxes bail out banks and corporations rather than funding public services.

Author: Sarah Nel-Barker
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Prescriptions are given on the same day as they are due to be taken. Doesn't give the pharmacy much time at all to prepare the meds. I've tried a few times to explain. I think because of the meds I take she thinks I'm a drug seeker. If the pharmacy were allowed time to prepare my prescription, doesn't mean I'll get it earlier. And if I did get it earlier, it's still the same amount! There is way too much stress in my world right now, now I worry every fortnight that again she'll do the same. It's got to the stage where I'm starting to think it's personal.

Author: Peter Carey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor service long waits
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to leave your feedback. We’re really sorry to hear that you’ve experienced long waits and felt the service fell short of what you expected. This isn’t the experience we want for our patients. We’re currently working hard to improve access and reduce waiting times, and your comments help us understand where things aren’t working as they should. If you’re willing, we’d really appreciate the chance to look into what happened in more detail. Please contact the practice directly so we can support you and address your concerns.

Author: Antonia Lee
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After worrying about not being signed to a local drs practise and being unwell without anyone but 111 to call, I contacted Friary house as new patient via online form who were very efficient and fast to sign me up. I was called the same day and given treatment. The GP was very helpful with her advice. Thank you. Very relieved to have a reliable Drs surgery.

Author: Flossy Barraud
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Some kind staff for sure and I understand the pressures they’re under. But I’ve had awful and potentially dangerous experiences here. Including being told there was nothing they could do except give me painkillers and a physiotherapy appointment 2 months later when I literally could not walk and ended up needing urgent spinal surgery (whilst a friend at another surgery with a much less severe knee issue got referred and seen to within 2 weeks), being given the wrong advice by a doctor when I had dengue fever (told it gets less severe the more you have it when the opposite is true, had to correct him and direct him to the NHS website so he could learn about this and not advise someone wrong again), being told I was being booked in for an in-person appointment then not booked in despite 2x follow-ups including going in in-person (where they again promised an in-person appointment and then booked a 2nd call which is completely pointless), watching a doctor google a common health problem and solution in front of me…

Author: MCJanner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hung up on, after being on hold for over half an hour.

Author: Jess Reddy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shockingly bad! One morning I was extremely ill and called 200+ times (I am not exaggerating) and couldn’t get through to arrange an appointment. Awful awful practice, should not be allowed to operate.

Author: Simon Hayden
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Simon Hayden5 months ago

Author: Joseph Barlow
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is extremely disappointing to have to leave a negative review, I truly thought it would be a quick and easy appointment since I was showing obvious signs of intercostal muscle strain from coughing excessively during a bacterial chest infection. I've been left with pain for a week after with walking, twisting. Coughing or moving. Dr Haruna Kehinde had absolutely no time, patience or insight and insisted that my pain was from being inactive as a healthy 25 year old male with no weight or exercise problems. Intercostal muscle strain is easily fixed with physio and pain relief but neither was offered. He had a very aggressive bedside manner and caused me a lot of pain during testing my movement capabilities. He witnessed the pain but did nothing to diagnose or alleviate the issue. He very aggressively insisted that me saying I had "a burning sensation" in my toes did not mean I had told him I had pain in my toes and that I had never told him that. Diagnosed myself very easily after wider concerns were addressed but clearly this physio cannot diagnose even simple conditions while being provided obvious context and cues. I was the only person in the surgery on a Wednesday afternoon, so I'm unsure why it's so difficult to get an appointment and why we as patients are rushed out without answers. They're doing nothing else.

Author: Hannah Rix
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hannah Rix6 months ago
