Practice: BRUNEL MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L83013
Postcode: TQ1 3SL
Google Maps title: Brunel Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brunel+Medical+Practice/@50.4815894,-3.5238375,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sBRUNEL+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+TQ1+3SL!3m8!1s0x486d0e3529034b1d:0xe36561a5671db96f!8m2!3d50.4792701!4d-3.5171064!9m1!1b1!15sCh9CUlVORUwgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBUUTEgM1NMkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1vgqcj2c?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83013-brunel-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: justin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really helpful and friendly. At shiphay, if only they could be like that at " Other" Doctors.

Author: M Sams
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brunel Medical Practice is one of the best GP surgeries I have known. They are very good at following up on patients medical concerns. Friendly and approachable staff throughout the practice who are very helpful. They are quick to respond to any concerns, and that’s very welcome and important to patients.

Author: Maribel Muñoz Aguilar
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst surgery I have been registered with, they make it impossible for you to have an appointment or be able to see your doctor. I was told on a Friday at 17:45 by a text message that my blood test was abnormal, and it was difficult to explain on the phone and to call surgery following week. A message like that for someone with anxiety, on a Friday evening, with no chance of contacting the doctor back is really bad practice, let someone all weekend worrying about the worst. When I called the following week, I was on the phone for 45 min to be told they were full, and I had to book an appointment online to talk to the doctor ( despite of doctor asking to call). When I go online straight after, there is only one form that they let you complete, as apparently you can’t book appointments at 9:46 in the morning as all the clinical referrals are closed?, so I can’t request a phone call online as it does not give me the right option and I can’t request it on the phone as they dont want to do a little bit of work or disturb the 100 cups of tea the have throughout the day. I don’t know why they chose this profession when they don’t have any duty of care. Really bad practice and no care/empathy provided to their patients. Receptionists really need to change in that place. Awful treatment

Author: Celia Hayward
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is not my usual surgery was sent there as appointment are shared about. I have been at my practice for 30 years with no worries at all. Well what a lovely practice and staff Dr Maha is a credit to the NHS. Even though it took longer to find a parking space than the appointment I came away happy. Thank you Dr Maha and staff

Author: Joe Miller
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
By far the most unprofessional surgery I have experienced. No contact from GP that ive never met due to “how busy we are”, to find out without even a message they decided to change life altering medication without letting me know. THROUGH AN APP. However when visiting the site was shocked to see all staff sat down drinking tea and having a chat whilst ignoring elderly patients. Disgusting. Bypass any trouble on your part and do not register here, riddled with safe guardings, rude and unhelpful and extremely lazy staff. An embarrassment to healthcare

Author: TJHaze123
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Where to begin with this place. Majority of the reception staff are rude and obnoxious with a horrible snooty attitude. The odds of seeing an actual Dr are slim. Usually you're fobbed off with a Physician Associate (these people are NOT Drs and don't let them tell you otherwise, two years of training a GP does not make) who have a habit of misdiagnosis. Or you'll see a Paramedic...I've got a lot of time for Paramedics, but they also aren't GPs. You'll also never sse the same Dr, I'm not even sure they have regular GPs here, suspect it's one of those surgeries that's trying to do away with them. The online Triage system, Patches, is a joke. This place has been terrible for years, had a recent mild but persistent ear problem. Fobbed off with endless checks for my BP...yes it's elevated, I've just raced here from work and ran up a hill, but they wouldn't listen, just wanted me out of the door asap. Didn't really check the actual area that was causing me issues (ear) but kept on about blood pressure, I left more than once questioning my own sanity. Switched surgeries at the weekend, had an appointment today at the new Drs, saw a GP, the GP checked my ears (which you'd think was obvious) took swabs to send to the hospital to see what's wrong with my ear. So simple but apparently this level of care if beyond Brunel. It's not a surprise to hear this place is under investigation. As it should be. Atrocious and shameful. In fairness the nurses I've seen here are all lovely.

Author: Angela Hamilton
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good surgery never seen a doctor there in the 4 years I have lived here but the online service is pretty good

Author: Wayne Hunt
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Wayne HuntLocal Guide · 14 reviews11 months ago

Author: Tammy Morey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I went into the practice to ask for a repeat ‘script. Two gentleman were in front of me so I waited patiently in the queue. The first chap was dealt with quickly the second chap wanted to see a doc and the receptionist was demanding loudly what he wanted to see a doc for. The chap was clearly embarrassed and didn’t want to talk about whatever the issue may have been in an open reception area where anyone in the waiting area could hear what he was saying. He was obviously trying to whisper but the receptionist was just shouting at him ‘I can’t hear you, speak up’ He shook his head and walked out. How could that receptionist be so insensitive? He may have had a serious issue but clearly didn’t want to discuss it with a receptionist so left rather than getting the help he potentially needed. I recently went in there to ask whether I needed jabs for Thailand. The receptionist ( same one that spoke to the embarrassed chap) sighed, looked heavenwards and told me to call a number which I’d find online. I did so and the person I spoke to was helpful and professional. I thanked her and said I’d had a much better experience talking to her than my local surgery. She asked who my surgery was and I told her. She replied the surgery were under review and her establishment had been asked to help Brunel to try and get it back on the right track. Says it all, really. The doctors, if you can get hold of them, are a different story. They’re fabulous.

Author: Lea-Ann Curtis
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
When the patient access is eventually available and it allows me to type all I need to and after a wait of a couple of days then the service is good. But I give up phoning the surgery as it’s too stressful. Also the nhs app is pretty useless. I can receive messages but not send them. The worst service is repeat prescriptions. NHS app says check your pharmacy, the pharmacy says the doctor has to prescribe, so I go around and around in circles and then recently had no medication for over a week and felt dreadful! This is what causes patients to be frustrated. It was easier back in the 1980’s. Order tablets by speaking to a human and collect them the next day! So stressful now 😟
