Practice: FREMINGTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: L83057
Postcode: EX31 2PG
Google Maps title: Fremington Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Fremington+Medical+Centre/@51.0714031,-4.12489,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c3b74060bd891:0x89f824beec7ebea1!8m2!3d51.0713998!4d-4.1223097!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hrpjyx5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83057-fremington-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicole Edmeads
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I have put off doing this! I had perimenopause symptoms dismissed for 2 years. Finally put on Hrt late 2025. Still struggling with symptoms. Was given diazepam to help with anxiety attacks. Wanted to have another appointment when I ordered a repeate prescription early this year as I was still struggling with symptoms. They issued the repeate prescription with no mention of appointment. Contacted today regarding persistent low mood and energy told via text to increase hrt and they will call me in just over 4 weeks. What's the point.

Author: Andy Pitman-Moore
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
good luck🤣 …

Author: Matt Parker
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
My review is for Dr Isaac. I’ll keep it brief but suffice it to say she is and has been the most amazing and brilliant GP I have EVER EVER dealt with! Her care and dedication and thoughtfulness is absolutely unbelievable. I cannot speak highly enough of this most awesome of doctors :)

Author: Nessa Thaldwil
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrendous experience from receptionist and a GP that was listening in to the conversation!!! I have developed a worrying health condition which I felt needed checking relatively soon (1-2 days), not an emergency but urgent non-the-less. I went through the online appointment booking process and recieved a call an hour later saying I wasn't registered. I have been with this centre for 10 years, and have recently had to temporarily register in a practice up north due to university commitments. My home is in Devon where I will be for a majority of the time. I was told to bring in ID to re register and make fremington my temporary centre. I tried to explain that it would not be temporary and was completely ignored/misunderstood and told that would be the case. I have plans to go to town the next day so thought I coud bring ID in then to save a wasted trip. A few hours later I was called again and asked why I hadn't brought my ID in. I explained my situation and was abruptly told that where I live is out of the practice area. I explained that I know and that I have gone through this before with no issues. I asked why this was suddenly a problem, I was not told I would be removed from the centres records and as I have never worked in a medical centre before, I wouldn't know that you are automatically removed. The receptionist was insistant and even started telling me that her GP was listening in on our conversation and nodding their head with what she was saying. Of course they would as they wouldn't be able to hear my reasoning!!! I felt it was highly unproffessional to bring anyone into the conversation unless both sides were heard!! I felt that this interaction was so cold and unfeeling. I thought you go into the medical proffession because you cared about people! Obviously not. I was continuously cut off and told to go elsewhere or call 111. Yeah what a great solution, put on an already strained system because they don't want to listen and understand that I am a Devon resident and that I have been living in the same place for 3 years whilst accessing Fremington Medical centre. What a joke!! My 'local' medical centre is only 5 mins closer than Fremington and is already under alot of pressure. It is closed for most of the week! And guess what!? It is closed today! So I cannot access the healthcare I need, but it is okay (sarcasm)! I shall just call a bot that will most likely book me in with Fremington anyway!! The receptionist may need to have a hard look at themselves and maybe start a career in a factory where you do not have to 'deal' with people who are in need of healthcare and compassion!!

Author: Lynne Knight
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was dealt with quickly and efficiently from my initial online request to Ali who first called me and Dr Waters who saw me. Dr Waters was excellent, and took the time to listen and explain, couldn’t ask for more. The nurses who took blood etc were both pleasant and welcoming, as were both receptionists. All test results were through quickly and I have been kept up to date through the App.

Author: Fran Stephenson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fremington Medical Centre is amazing. I have never felt so supported & cared about.

Author: R Garfield
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Update: Had another great experience today (8/4/25) problem submitted via online portal - actioned and responded to within 1 hour. Great GP practice. Can send online request for advice/treatment and get replied to within 5 working days. Brill for managing ongoing and new conditions. Love the ease of text/email responses and not having to attend clinic unless necessary. Have found clinical and admin staff pleasant and helpful

Author: Chris Sherwood
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
There is no point of having Receptionist there if they say that they don’t have the power to book Appointments and direct me to a link book it myself when I’m not very good at that kinda thing. When I was young everyone used to book appointments on the day to get sorted and that was a better way of doing things so if I was the Farmington medical Centre I would change that back to the old system where people book appointments by the Receptionist as that’s there main job not just sitting behind a desk

Author: David Phipps
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always recieved excellent patient care.

Author: RD
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
RDa year ago
