Practice: ST NEOTS SURGERY
Canonical code: L83028
Postcode: PL2 3HY
Google Maps title: St Neots Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 118
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Neots+Surgery/@50.3871813,-4.162762,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c933cc9bf4337:0x7692bd4264383c96!8m2!3d50.3871779!4d-4.1601817!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bytypjrn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83028-st-neots-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lauren Hatherley
Date: 12 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've recently switched to this surgery after having been a patient of another local (and notoriously bad) practice and I am really pleased with the service so far. Using the online triage service is really easy, and I have received same day responses to my queries which really surprised me after having waited up to a week for even an acknowledgement from my last GP surgery. I was previously a patient with St Neots surgery over ten years ago, and it is nice to see that the practice is still responsive and efficient. Some of the same GPs are still working here, which I've taken as a good sign! Everyone I have had contact with, from the receptionist to the GP, has been really helpful, friendly, sensitive, and supportive.

Author: Megan
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the receptionists is so rude, every time I’ve phoned to book an appointment she has interrupted me and just asked for my dob, she doesn’t listen to what you have to say, I tried booking an appointment as I had serious pains during pregnancy and she said “there’s no point phoning us you need to phone the midwife” and that was that. Even though 111 advised me to phone my gp. Terrible customer service and support. She needs the sack

Author: Victoria P
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very positive experiences since been with this surgery. Supportive and can finally speak to a person. Was with another surgery in st Jude’s and so glad I changed !

Author: Lee Venning
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lee Venning2 months ago

Author: Jack Hales
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never met such rude receptionist in my life. One was Lying didnt realise I have the phone on record will be reporting this ,the staff need better training and some need sacking disgusting treat just have to look at rest of the reviews on here see they aint doing there job.. wouldn't be believe just had operation leaving me with no medication over Christmas. been told deal with it disgusting treatment taking this further ...Shame really last week I was going give u guys good review let yourself down

Author: Philip Williams
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice for over 60 years and used to receive a good service, But since COVID this surgery ceases to function, you can't get appointments or any help whatsoever, even had a Hip replacement and they couldn't give me an appointment to change the dressing had to rely on a Nurse friend to assess the wound and change the dressing. Don't recommend this practice.

Author: mark smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Im new to this surgery and haven't seen anyone yet, but my last surgery has got a 1.6 out of 5 so I'm expecting a better experience then my last surgery and if not I'll be on my travels again

Author: Jack Cunningham
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jack CunninghamLocal Guide · 68 reviews · 17 photos3 months ago

Author: Josh Tee
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I could say they were operating as a normal surgery, then COVID came and took this surgery with it. Many times we've tried booking appointments but they've closed up like they don't want to see anyone anymore. We've been going to another major surgery in the area or Derriford. We got fed up of online appointments just to be passed onto a real doctor in another surgery.

Author: Michelle Perkins
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tell you they will call you at a certain time say they do and they dont but put on your records they have so it makes it look like they are making an effort, I have all the screen shots of my call logs/answered calls emails e consult etc but they dont do anything regarding the phone line issues as they no longer take calls for appointment and you can't make a complaint via the website, fed up going around and round in circles
