Practice: ISCA MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L83099
Postcode: EX1 2DW
Google Maps title: Isca Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Isca+Medical+Practice/@50.7278195,-3.5154389,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486da40f16f3f90b:0x8ee97f1c1db27817!8m2!3d50.7278161!4d-3.5128586!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c5bhvrr0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83099-isca-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: E M
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
If you need to have continuity of care and need your shared care from a previous GP continued at this practice. They won't do it. I registered here recently and my endocrinologist sent them my report from previous GP practice. I had a perscrition written by ISCA, without seeing anyone. So I assumed all was well. They then cancelled upcoming important blood test and stopped my meds. With no bridging perscrition to help me whilst I run round asking other GP surgerys. I've had no proper explanation asides from a short 'no shared care'. They clearly dont follow standard GMC guidance on the matter. Instead whatever conflicting advice is spouted by Labours Streeting. And guidance from the Royal College of General Practitioners (RCGP) says that ‘’if you are already stabilised on hormone therapy, prescriptions should not be abruptly stopped, as this may cause physical or mental harm’’. So to avoid any self soul destroying. Do not even bother registering here, and try your luck elsewhere.

Author: Molly S
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the doctors, nurses and receptionists I’ve had interactions with have been kind and helpful. Will be sad to leave this practice when we move

Author: Jean Wyatt
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I left this practice as my symptoms got so bad I ended up in hospital and spent 5 days on an admission ward because I wasn’t listened to. I have learned today they have not improved. If you’re reading this, you have been warned.

Author: Junior Ashley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Junior Ashley1 review3 months ago

Author: Max Tavendale
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely staff, very efficient in their service. Friendly, helpful and a pleasure to meet.

Author: Emily Hauser
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such a fantastic practice – our whole family has been going here for years, and I honestly have never come across a better, more caring practice. We've got to know the doctors and they are a fantastic group of professionals who genuinely take the time and care about our health. I've just come out of an appointment which I was given on the day of, where Dr Shellock took a huge amount of time to chat with me across all different areas. Couldn't recommend more highly and a huge thanks to this wonderful and hardworking team.

Author: Rosie Parsons
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Felt very let down and not cared for at this practice. E consults often ignored. Important letters from hospital and specialists never updated onto the system or my notes and me being blamed for it even though I’m not part of the NHS I’m just a patient . Took two months of chasing with multiple phone calls and emails for shared care agreement to be finally processed so I could access medication that I’d already been prescribed (totally ran out in the mean time they did not care). When I asked how to make a formal complaint was also ignored again. Now moved GPs. Do not recommend :(

Author: Katy-ellouise White
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This was my childhood doctors since I was born and I never really had any issues. I recently had an appointment for dizziness and was told to stand up slowly and see how I go. After relocating, I registered with a new doctor and was offered a blood test which showed significant health issues which needed treatment. I was dismissed at ISCA by the duty doctor who asked to attend at short notice with no further tests. I cannot commend my new doctors any more for helping me after isca tossed my concerns aside and felt it adequate to not look into my health concerns aside a duty of care.

Author: Calum Finch
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been a member at ISCA since 2015 and I can’t speak highly enough of them. Most recently, my wife and I were seen on Friday afternoon for a last minute emergency situation with Dr Parkes. I can’t thank her and the receptionist on duty enough for helping us in a time of desperate need and giving us the care we needed to stop things getting even worse over the weekend.

Author: Reba C
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception staff are not friendly and don’t seem interested in helping. They are often on their phones and don’t pay attention when you ask for something. Sometimes they ignore you or act like your request doesn’t matter. If you don’t speak perfect English, they seem to judge you, which makes it uncomfortable. The service used to be better, so I’m not sure if the staff has changed. I think the NHS should give the receptionists some training on how to treat patients with kindness and respect
