Practice: STOKE SURGERY
Canonical code: L83071
Postcode: PL3 4DP
Google Maps title: Stoke Surgery
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stoke+Surgery/@50.3792775,-4.1697986,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c9314fcaf74f5:0xf9bc5c5f510adda7!8m2!3d50.3792741!4d-4.1672183!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjt1c2b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83071-stoke-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: RYAN KEELY
Date: 12 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
i learned today of these obnoxious male nurse and head female doctor was a total Unpleasant people are individuals who are generally disagreeable rude or difficult to interact with, causing discomfort unhappiness, or annoyance in others. They often display,negative traits such as selfishness, hostility arrogance or poor manners. Their behavior tends to provoke dislike and makes social interactions uncomfortable, prompting others to avoid them. Rude or angry behavior that causes tension, such as being argumentative challenging others towards our good friend and the bloke and her threathened him who do they think they are if there ever do this again we will take care of this threats they will not see it coming.

Author: Darcie Reeve
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service every time. A slight glitch last year when i went in for a rash. It was bank holiday so i couldnt get blood results done. The Dr i saw said come back Tuesday. However she did say go to A&E if it gets worse. I did that. By Tuesday i was on Dialysis. She wasnt to know and neither was I. I actually felt fine just a little bit of a tempature and a rash on my legs.

Author: paul shute
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's my doctors it like all doctors go if nog well or for appointments

Author: Ms Lemons
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waiting almost 24 hours for a callback now from the doctor is absolutely a joke when all I need to do is see them about chronic health conditions that I have for life doesn’t help having to explain this every time I speak to the receptionist I shouldn’t have to tell the receptionist why I am speaking to my doctor that is private information. Adding another update. Not sure if it’s the same receptionist but this week when I called and said it’s not on having to have a call before being seen by the doctor, when I have chronic ongoing issues the receptionist told me ‘it’s only the same thing as what I have with my GP’, Well did your GP‘s not give you blood checks over Covid because of the medication that you’re on and you should be giving regular bloods and they find out that you are having lots of side-effects because of the medication why you wasn’t getting care and now I have lifelong conditions because of it!! Disgusting. I’m seeking legal advice. Adding another update because this doctor is horrible they wrote a post about me on Facebook after removing my review on Facebook which was purely how I feel with facts. When my now 18-year-old son was about 8/10 I disclose to my doctor that I use cannabis in the evening to try and sleep and she threatened me with social service. Fast forward to now when I get it legally on prescription and when I’m dealing with high blood pressure issues I do not need the doctor to say that they’ve read a research paper that day and come at me when it’s not that causing my blood pressure and plenty of GPs have agreed to carry on taking it. I had three GPs tell me to use it. It is so dangerous when your patience cannot be honest with you because you threaten them with social services. This is not me giving you abuse. This is my honest review.

Author: Antonia Parsons
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have moved around quite a lot, do have had quite a few drs. I must say, this place is the best. Very friendly staff, clean and tidy, no long waits etc. The reception staff are always kind and helpful. The nurses and Dr's are proactive with their care and never make ne feel.rushed I always feel that all of the staff at stoke surgery care. I am honestly so thankful to all of the staff. They listen, they care and they help.

Author: Chelsea S
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not once has this a doctor helped me in this place. Unknown itching - didn't care to take it further than an inconclusive blood test. Depression, gonna top myself - do you want some pills? A nurse took my blood pressure AFTER having a panic attack whilst having my coil out to then tell me it was "a little high" yeah, ns. Raging sinus infection which is now over a month - 2 docs contradicting each other and I'm now living on ibruprofen till my kidneys give out because I'm not taking my chances talking to a third doc. I distrust them so much i pay for my contraception privately. Absolutely useless. I'll be literally on deaths door before I see another GP in my lifetime

Author: jeffrey mann
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
jeffrey mannLocal Guide · 29 reviews · 20 photos4 months ago

Author: L (RPSLeon)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ive always felt listened to when calling. Reception are so helpful and never dismissive. This place has helped me start looking after my health again due to the fact that Im never made to feel like a burden. I have also had excellent help with starting down the ADHD assessment path. Please dont take your frustrations out on the staff here. Some reviews here are worrying, stop demanding and telling; have a conversation and be receptive. Kindness goes both ways, and you will recieve it by default.

Author: Franco Proctor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Requested my sicknote to be emailed to me, it could only be sent to me in a format that requires Adobe to convert it into a format like .PDF to email to my work. Sadly I don't have Adobe on my PC and as I have just had eye surgery I couldn't nip up to thr surgery, The only other way was to get it sent to my phone as a .qrx file. I rang and asked if my sicknote could be just sent to me as a straight .PDF file to be told no, as no-one knew how to do that. But we are supposed to know how to convert whatever their format is into something more accessible?

Author: Beniamin Janiszewski
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Beniamin Janiszewski11 reviews7 months ago
