Practice: WHIPTON SURGERY
Canonical code: L83115
Postcode: EX4 8EG
Google Maps title: The Whipton Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 37
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Whipton+Surgery/@50.7330623,-3.4907402,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486da3929cec7ec3:0x7e86414a0c13e53e!8m2!3d50.7330589!4d-3.4881599!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfl9282?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83115-whipton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lou Lou
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Phone them and they tell me to fill in online form. Dr texts a response, not giving chance to discuss symptoms / treatment / any questions regarding the content of their text. Dr. S doesnt seem to care, and dismisses my embarrassing bowel problem which is getting more and more difficult, by texting me that "it's normal, because you've had it a while already", (because embarrassed about it, has taken me a while to ask about it, to the point where I'm now seeking advice because it's been getting worse and struggling with it more and more. But no advice, just told "thats normal for you because its been years". No option to ask questions becuase the texts are non-repliable. Don't feel listened to. Thinking of seeking a 2nd opinion with another doctor's practice, if they allow it.

Author: Kate Trussler
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kate TrusslerLocal Guide · 16 reviews · 2 photos3 months ago

Author: Damian Vittles
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist is horrible. They pick up and drop phone consultations when it suits them, disgusting service, can't get appointments for weeks. Avoid!

Author: Daniel Clarke
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Literally been trying to get help with an ongoing problem for a couple of months now as soon as they get a bit busy they shut off the online consultation system u can’t just make an appointment you have to be screened first than wen u go there all they do is give u more of the same meds that have not worked the whole time these doctors surgery’s have a lot to answer for ever since Covid they are just plain lazy

Author: Scott Davis
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Changed my review. I have been treated with such contempt by this surgery. They kept sending me away or denying me visits or told me to go hospital and now I am terminally ill, not thanks to the disgusting treatment recieved. I had to move to another doctors. No wonder its on the news about being miss diagnosed always. I have NEVER been dismissed with such open bias and left to feel so alone and depressed as to what to do. Thankyou for nothing. Please think twice before choosing this surgery.

Author: stuart purchase
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a family we can only say that we are all totally satisfied with the service, attitude and professionalism from all the staff at the Whipton surgery.My wife attended an appointment with Dr Amelie Heidelberg recently and returned home in great spirits after having her issues dealt with in a patient and caring manner.

Author: Aliceandisla Jewell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I feel so lucky that myself and my family are all registered with Whipton surgery, they all go above and beyond, I always feel whatever they recommend medical wise is well thought out and makes sense to me and I trust what they say, the nurses are just as amazing as the doctors too and just as empathetic and friendly but also down to earth and caring. I have a lot of regular perscriptions and they are always sorted quickly and any issues/ changes that need to be sorted are done with out any hassle. The reception staff are incredible too, friendly, empathetic and understanding of daily life issues that can get in your way of my availability for appt times and trying to find the best way to accommodate me even ringing me up to let me know they had found an earlier appointment time / day for me. In short I’d describe the practice as a practice that is very patient centred with their best interest at the heart of it all.

Author: tom lyon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been attending this doctors for most of my life and am finally considering changing. Dr Stanford is rude, condescending and not helpful at all, I rarely go to the doctors but when I do I always feel anxious about going because of the way I know I will be treated and made to feel like there is nothing wrong. The receptionist are lovely which is a shame because it’s only one doctor ruining the surgery in my eyes.

Author: Tegan Dowd
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tegan Dowda year ago

Author: Scott Taylor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Refused to treat an 11 day old baby for an infection because they hadn't finished processing his application form (even though both parents are registered at the surgery). Severe malpractice that ended in a trip to A&E.
