Practice: PEVERELL PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: L83648
Postcode: PL2 3PX
Google Maps title: Peverell Park Surgery
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Peverell+Park+Surgery/@50.3934564,-4.1487058,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c932eb5f0a6dd:0x28df388ad4f41a2a!8m2!3d50.393453!4d-4.1461255!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0_0h38?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L83648-peverell-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: RD S
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Have occasionally had very helpful doctors here, however for the most part they really need more training to deal with mental health issues, especially the older doctors. Can absolutely tell they are reading from a page they’ve quickly googled (all over the phone as you can never get an in person appointment) and had one doctor recommend asking the pharmacy for promethazine for anxiety? In which they looked at me like I was crazy. Repeated the same thing regarding ongoing treatment I’m having multiple times on the phone yesterday only for them to ask the same question again, really felt like I was just not being listened to and responding to a checklist instead.

Author: Chris Gilbey
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I attended this surgery on Tuesday 13 Jan. While in the waiting room a lady who was upset went to the reception desk. I now know the receptionist was called Sheryl and she got the lady to sit down and she came out and sat beside her. Sheryl listened to her and gave her a lovely hug. I thought that was exceptional care and it brought tears to my eyes. I was then called for my shingles appointment by a lady called Jess. She saw my tears and asked me what was up. I explained what the receptionist had done and that I had just been diagnosed with having Alzheimer’s. Jess then gave me a lovely hug – more tears. This was exceptional care by two staff. I believe I must be very fortunate in being a patient at this surgery as all the ‘staff’ have always been excellent and very helpful with me.

Author: Kevin Marshall
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kevin Marshall2 months ago

Author: Tracey Ellis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant service. Called and spoke to Chloe in the morning, ask to send some photos of the issue and received and response and reassurance from a GP by the end of the day. Well done and thank you 😊 …

Author: Suhanya Patel
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Suhanya PatelLocal Guide · 32 reviews · 42 photos5 months ago

Author: Laura Nourish
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Laura Nourish4 reviews5 months ago

Author: Caroline Collins
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a fantastic Doctors and feel extremely lucky that I am registered here All of the Doctors and other healthcare professionals have been extremely helpful and supportive with any issues I have had with my health Thank you for all you do in the community I extremely appreciate all you done for me

Author: Clare-Marie Bartram
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I call regularly in relation to my Father whom is 87 ( Mr P Buckland.) I must pass on how extremely caring, professional and genuine the service received is, from start to finish. All of the Receptionists here at this Surgery are kind, knowledgable and actually listen to you, they always follow up on their actions and do so in a polite and friendly manner. The doctors here too are to be commended on their professionalism and ability to show that they truly care about their patients by returning calls ( Dr Rowland as just one example ) and by simply listening, and discussing any further actions needed. We live in a world these days where criticism comes too quickly - this surgery deserves a well done for their hard work in what can be a very stressful environment at times. Thank you.

Author: Lauren Abbot
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff and all other staff are efficient, patient and care. Unfortunately I had the worst experience with doctor Jordan. If you have FND, seizures, HEDS, POTS or any other medical issues alongside depression and c-ptsd he will blame all medical issues despite having test results in front of him on mental health. If you are concerned about your health please please please refuse to have doctor Jordan it will save you a world of heart ache and anxiety. Thankfully by chance I spoke to doctor Dennis who unfortunately has since left the practice. She took one look at the symptoms and symptom tracker I had. Ordered a 7 day EEG and I met with a rheumatologist at the surgery and was diagnosed with posticular tachycardia syndrome and hypermobile Elhers danlos syndrome. I wasn’t making it up. I just needed a doctor who believed me and looked at what I was expecting and the test results. He shouldn’t have a license. I now am terrified to go to hospital or the doctors. I have CPTSD and him screaming at me down the phone telling me FND is medical malingering despite all of the new research and studies set me back so far in my recovery. He really should have some more training. I’m shocked because he’s fairly young so should have uo to date training. You can really tell he just does it for the money.
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Lauren We are very sorry to read your comments, we have a full complaints process that is easy access via our website. This allows you to contact the surgery and voice you concerns privately without sharing your medical information. We note that you have not raised any formal concerns. We would normally contact you direct rather than via a social media platform but we are unable to find your name on our patient register. If you would like to contact direct please access our website and highlight your concerns via the correct channels, we will then be able to address any relevant clinical concerns you have. BW Teresa Nation Managing Partner

Author: Paul Bradshaw
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every time I contact the surgery the response is excellent from all the staff. I will single out the reception team for further praise, they are superb!
