Practice: SEVERNSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L84052
Postcode: GL1 2TZ
Google Maps title: Severnside Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 74
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Severnside+Medical+Practice/@51.8660452,-2.2544835,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871077d45b82207:0x1788fa33e72d994c!8m2!3d51.8660419!4d-2.2519032!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11q8jpz_w4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84052-severnside-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Faizan Ussenbai
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Booked in 8 week vaccination for my baby in the surgery, came to the day and turns out the member of staff didnt book it in. We even called last week to change the time and she was rude on the phone and said she hasnt updated the system yet. Apparently a new member of staff. Clearly not competent or caring wnough for this role. Management needs to look into this. Now we have to wait over a month to be seen again. Even the 6 week health check was booked incorrectly and now has to be done at 12 weeks. Will be leaving this surgery with immediate effect.

Author: Dom Blake
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Had a parking query as the CDC is adjacent to the surgery. Really unhelpful and unempathetic receptionist on a very stressful day. Very much of the “computer says no” school.

Author: Jess
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've lost count of how many times they've either lost my prescriptions or simply ignored my repeat prescription requests. You can't book appointments online, over the phone or through the NHS app. Staffing is woeful. Absolutely dreadful service all around.

Author: Michelle Booy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every receptionist, sorry don't know all your names, Gareth bless him, dealt with a full body rash, due to stress, Trish the nurse, Angel...but no more blood taking please 😢, Dr Bilton, saved my life, only a few days ago and Siobhan, you are the best of the best, that said you're only an inch above others aforementioned, I really don't know what I would have done without any of you..... those I haven't named, apologies, not a good memory.... Thank you all so very much ❤️

Author: Ben Bishop
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best surgery I've ever had. I've always been able to get a same day appointment (either phone or in person). Clinical staff are always professional, friendly and helpful. They take the time to investigate symptoms and to explain possible courses of treatment. I'm very grateful to the surgery for the help they have provided me for various issues.

Author: Letitia Price
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I rang this morning I was on hold for over 30 mins so I just gave up and rung 111 instead .

Author: connor hudd
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
connor huddLocal Guide · 3 reviews · 14 photos5 months ago

Author: Gordon Newton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Cut off on the phone, used web service to try and book a blood test that the clinic has requested and written to the surgery about, I’ve been told it’s a 6 week wait. I will have to take time off work to visit and try and resolve in person. Useless.

Author: Paty Mendez
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad care at this GP. The receptionists don't answer the phone. You call them at 8 am and they don't answer. You've been waiting in line for an hour and at 9 am they say they can't give you an appointment with any doctor. Then the doctor told me I had to call the reception again at 8 am to give me a prescription. Again, very bad medical care at this place.

Author: Martin Kenny
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I spoke to a very rude abrupt receptionist named Nicole, who initially refused to give Me Her name after I asked politely on more than one occasion. I had been in a six week waiting queue for over a month, and had been calling the surgery during that period as advised to seek updates for possible doctors appointments. Nicole very rudely insisted I haven’t been on a waiting list and decided to put Me to the back of the six week queue after I’d desperately been trying to get an appointment that involved life threatening conditions. I politely said it’s under the NHS guidelines and within Her job description to let Me know who I’m speaking to yet She refused to give Me Her name. She kept raising Her voice and telling Me I’m being very difficult yet I remained polite and calm. I believe She was doing this to seek attention of the receptionists next to Her to make it look like I was the issue. She always refused to let Me speak to anyone else and refused to let Me make a complaint. I have since discovered Her name I asked to speak to the practice manager She told Me Beverly is in a meeting. I kindly asked please can You arrange for Her to contact Me as I’d like to make a complaint. I was told no and Nicole kept putting the phone down on Me. This is very unprofessional behaviour and extremely rude. I hope no one else has to speak to this person as Her mannerisms are disgraceful.
