Practice: FOREST HEALTH CARE
Canonical code: L84028
Postcode: GL14 2NX
Google Maps title: Forest Health Care
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Forest+Health+Care/@51.8269926,-2.5101296,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871af4534253b6f:0x41afe98417dd59c6!8m2!3d51.8269893!4d-2.5075493!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11qm1rs77h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84028-forest-health-care.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Cristi Larisa
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Cristi Larisa2 weeks ago New

Author: Freya
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I haven’t been registered with Forest Health Care for too long but have always had a positive experience with the clinician’s that I have seen (especially Dr Lane who was super helpful and caring) and the Care Navigators have always been lovely!

Author: Dan Trigg
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Dan Trigg2 reviewsa month ago

Author: ZSAZSA Larsen
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy with the way I get treated I try to contact the surgery and every time I am in 1st place they don't answer or they cut me of when I am trying to get told to call the surgery to make appointment to do with my medication and I get told if I don't make appointment the surgery will stop my medication even though I have been trying to contact the surgery and to get my hospital results

Author: MLWHEP Fiorino
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Polite and attentive staff and patient focussed. Feel taken care of when in need. Thank you.

Author: Fi Mc
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just had recent holiday jabs with my husband and was offered flu vaccine too. Never had any issues with the practice always managed to get an appointment with either a Dr or clinician. I find the staff approachable and always happy to help. I have had blood tests and results are back very fast. Thank you Forest Healthcare team.

Author: Ronnie ox
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff are fantastic. I telephoned this morning, boy, what a service, all enveloped in kindness and professional care, whilst guiding me through what I needed to do to register one of our service users. Keep it up Forest health.. you are the best.

Author: Mya & Amelia
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m extremely disappointed with the way I was treated by the receptionist at this health service. I called today to check where I was on the waiting list for an implant removal – something I’ve been trying to arrange through the NHS for over a year. After being promised call backs and follow-ups, I finally received one today, only to be told I was never on the waiting list at all. I was essentially accused of lying. I was then told to go back to my GP, as there was apparently nothing they could do. However, my GP had already referred me to Forest Health Care (FHC), and even gave me their number. FHC could have easily referred me to appropriate services for this issue, but chose not to. What’s even more frustrating is that the receptionist confirmed they do offer an implant removal service and even mentioned that the women's health clinician would be in on Friday. Despite this, she refused to add me to the waiting list or offer any real help. This level of care is unacceptable for a health service that is meant to be supportive and compassionate. My GP is now trying to arrange for a nurse to come in specifically to address this issue – something that shouldn't be necessary if FHC had simply done their part.

Author: Liz Kosack
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Takes several weeks to get an appointment and at my most recent appointment I had two issues I needed to discuss, I was told in no uncertain terms that I could only discuss ONE, so pick !!…. When you finally make an appointment with the doctor you ask for by name, the surgery changes that doctor for the appointment and doesn’t tell you! When you are on life long medication you can only get one month at a time on repeat prescription, you have to allow one week from ordering so in effect you have a 3 week cycle of requesting - collecting. I use the practice because I have to, and because of the one amazing gp I found, if it wasn’t for her … I would have lost my mind, and probably been very poorly!

Author: Nigel Salter
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First class health care centre with excellent practice nurses.
