Practice: THE HOLTS HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: L84037
Postcode: GL18 1BA
Google Maps title: Holts Health Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 31
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Holts+Health+Centre/@51.9315882,-2.4096161,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871abc710f07bdb:0xfedc7fecd50b7e57!8m2!3d51.9315849!4d-2.4070358!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tct851q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84037-the-holts-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anonymous
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
We have unfortunately been with this practice since we moved to Newent 12 years ago. Going there has on several occasions been a disappointing experience. On top of that they have now changed their online booking system which was our lifeline for appointments with our doctor. Now you cannot even book an online appointment with your own doctor anymore, but you have to rely on seeing someone else. The system is so flawed that now there aren't any online appointments with a doctor available at all, but you could have smear tests and physio appointments aplenty. An absolutely appalling service. According to NHS guidelines we should be given the choice of booking by telephone, app or online. This practice has lost its way completely.

Author: Person Abc
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Unfortunately, the quality of care has got worse every year. On average I have to wait 4-6 weeks for a GP appointment, this is completely unacceptable and not a health service. Some days there is not a dr in the surgery , just the nurses and nurse practitioner. I personally have been misdiagnosed and I have had to pay for private healthcare to get a diagnosis and treatment. There just seems to a culture of lacking of care and compassion. The pharmacy staff work hard and their service has improved.

Author: Dave Chisnall
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One receptionist who I don’t know the name of shouldn’t even be working there. Miserable woman who talks over you and doesn’t care whatsoever. You get told to follow instructions from an out of hours doctor or A&E and instead of trying to help this lady just tries disputing what other doctors have told you to do, and you’re told that it’s incorrect and wrong Not sure why she just doesn’t get another job. She must get off on bullying patients and being rude to people

Author: Sean Wozencroft
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling service order a prescription 8 days ago and not sent to chemist till today. Medication which is for my heart ordered in plenty of time and I now have to wait another 7 days before I get them i ran out yesterday.

Author: Łukasz Zdzieborski
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Holts Health Centre is a well-equipped and accessible medical facility with extensive services for Newent residents. While the quality of medical care and infrastructure is highly rated, I have some reservations about the reception staff—so it's worth being prepared for varying levels of service.

Author: Eileen Carruthers
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Eileen CarruthersLocal Guide · 136 reviews · 13 photos8 months ago

Author: Marie Richards
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Spoke to receptionist and the one in particular, not just this 1 occasion but a few times now,was rude,spoke over everything I said before I even tried to finish,she even tutted and huffed at me several times during the conversation that I WAS trying to have about a medical matter that she obviously didnt want to help me with,or could be bothered with,as ,her words were "a bit late in the day" unfortunately after me trying more than 4 times trying to complete my conversation about the reason why I needed her to at least listen, she still huffed and tutted at me !!!! The call unfortunately ended with me abruptly using a not so nice word and hanging up. I will be following up this herendous receptionist that really should not be allowed to speak or treat people the way she did me today .She is obviously miserable and non caring towards people, so should find a different job. I'm absolutely discusted

Author: Laurel Masters
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Stenson nearly killed me with incompetence- ignored my severely under active thyroid, the convulsions and seizures I had from medication and when I sent in my formal complaint they waits for it to be classed as out of date before looking at it. Dr Stenson needs to have her license to practice removed and never allowed to treat patients again. If it weren’t for the Dr at Gloucester royal out of hours I would be dead.

Author: Emz
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP surgery I’ve ever been to!! Absolutely the best

Author: Rebecca Kay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient for a couple of years and I can't fault the practice. The receptionist are all really friendly and helpful (unlike other practises I have been to). I have mainly seen Kim, the practice nurse who is really helpful and friendly. Today I saw Dr Harper and she was brilliant. She really listened and was very thorough. I was really impressed
