Practice: FIVE VALLEYS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L84077
Postcode: GL5 3BS
Google Maps title: Five Valleys Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 106
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Five+Valleys+Medical+Practice/@51.7455902,-2.2210466,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48710d503a98d5fd:0xf24ec60d6632820b!8m2!3d51.7455869!4d-2.2184663!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11tmrc94d8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84077-five-valleys-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Liam
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Day 7 of trying to get an appointment. I have visited the surgery in person twice this week and told both times to just “try again online tomorrow”. A tragic excuse of a doctors surgery - appalling treatment.

Author: Tanisha Barrett
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a really great experience of the surgery! They are responsive, quick to get appointments booked in and the staff are really lovely. And the doctors are kind and empathetic and really thorough. Would 100% recommend!

Author: neil watkins
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went in for a check up Lucy was ace very calm ,friendly ,and excellent at putting you at ease and ,explained everything very well can’t believe she would not agree I was not 6 foot tall lol and was up for a bit of banter .Went to reception and the lady with the blood red shellac nails 💅 was also very friendly and sorted me out with the equipment I needed .All in all great service and lovely people IMO .

Author: Aaron Godwin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Just to start by saying that I have never left a review for anywhere else before. I joined the surgery around summer last year. Ive had issues with my health for the past 4+ years and have understood that the NHS is under strain and has long waiting times etc. Unfortunately, over the past 8/9 months, my health issues have got substantially worse and I then joined the surgery. From the start I struggled with the online booking system but thats okay. It seems when you need an emergency appointment, it is almost impossible to get one. I recently rang up to try and get an appointment and was told that I would get a call back. When I did get the call back I was told that it is not urgent (even though I have been badgering the surgery for the past 8/9 months) and I have to wait for a future appointment, which is a month wait for a phone call appointment! They send links for appointments that have nothing available etc. I have been missing work/lost my social life/cancelled holidays/dont feel safe to drive all due to the way I have been feeling, so to be told that its not urgent is really great. I have also contacted privately to try and get through to somebody but this has come to nothing. I would be okay with this if it was worth the wait. On the handful of occasions I have managed to get in, there have been a few times when I have left feeling like Im not listened to, fobbed off, spoken to very patronisingly or told to make a diary. This has been nurses and receptionist as well. Ive only managed to get 1 set of blood tests in all this time! No other tests have been done. No referrals sent off (even though it was promised). I will give credit to one doctor - Kathryn Hayman. She is the only one who has ordered tests and actually listened etc but the wait to get back in to see her is too long! I thought I might be the only one who feels like this but after seeing other reviews I'm clearly not! I understand that all GPs/nurses are all under pressure, but if things were done properly early on then there wouldnt be people coming back so much.

Author: FIFE
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are so rude and unprofessional. Don't bother calling for an appointment they fob you off with links and apps that dont work. Zero availability. Funny how they say they won't tolerate any rudeness yet they all seem not to be able to handle a phone call with interrupting you and patronising you.

Author: June Clarke
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
June Clarkea month ago

Author: Stephen Chalmers
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why don't you have an email address that patients can use, you ask patients to monitor themselves but don't give adequate facilities to sent the results to you.

Author: Tony Holden
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I cannot even begin to explain how truly awful this doctors surgery is. Truly unfit for purpose in every possible way
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
We’re very sorry to read that you feel this way and regret that your experience did not meet the standard we aim to provide. We take all feedback seriously, even when it is difficult to hear, as it helps us identify areas for improvement. We would welcome the opportunity to understand your concerns in more detail and address them appropriately. Please contact the practice directly so we can look into this further.

Author: Sil Via
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't think what it has been created in this mass unification reflect in any way the efficiency of 10 years ago with local clinic. Massively worst service with direction on private healthcare system

Author: Dd GG
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I thought I would finally write a review about my experience at this GP practice. Prompted today by yet another angry condescending receptionist/care navigator. I do all I can to be polite always, we get a message on the phone saying politeness must be maintained but why is it ok for the care navigator to be angry and rude to the patient? Surely politeness and respect should be both ways? I was only calling because my consultant asked me to speak to the practice about some information requested a few weeks back, as they have not replied and it could delay treatment. But, I was met by an angry care navigator and I ended up putting the phone down! It happens too often and the angry condescending care navigators really do let all the good ones down. It's a great shame as the nurses and Drs are, in my experience, very caring and Professional.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We are very sorry to hear about your recent experience when contacting the practice, and we appreciate how frustrating this must have felt, especially when you were trying to follow up … More
