Practice: MYTHE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L84054
Postcode: GL20 5GJ
Google Maps title: Mythe Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mythe+Medical+Practice/@51.9922624,-2.156081,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487102ae15276dd1:0xc98aa9d1457e9ea5!4m8!3m7!1s0x487102ae6e9afcf7:0x4601b3603d15f6eb!8m2!3d51.9922591!4d-2.1535007!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11ddzpv4t_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84054-mythe-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Krystyna Zuchara
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Misdiagnoses. Failure to order tests, neglecting older people.

Author: Adam Crump
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my sincere thanks to everyone at Mythe Medical Practice for the care and support they have provided to my family. Over the past year, we have gone through a particularly difficult period where both my Mom and I required significant medical attention following complicated surgical procedures. Throughout this time, the doctors, nurses and administrative staff at the practice have been incredibly supportive, professional and compassionate, assisting my Dad with his many errands. Appointments, advice and follow-up care were always handled with kindness and reassurance, which made a challenging situation far easier for our family to navigate. The NHS is often under immense pressure, but the team at Mythe Medical Practice consistently demonstrated genuine care and dedication. It is extremely reassuring to know that such a committed and compassionate practice serves the local community. Thank you again to the entire team for everything you do — it is truly appreciated.

Author: MsLuna 365
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Extremely satisfied with experience at the medical practice.

Author: Lewis Dixon
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
**In Addition to my original positive review 6 months later** Called the surgery to request an emergency appointment with a GP…. As I was in need of immediate help that day! I received a text promptly back telling me to wait until my next appointment which I had booked for a completely unrelated matter. The waiting time on this originally booked appointment was 6 WEEKS!! One of the most intimidating aspects of this service is having to share private information with the call handlers, of which on my first call I was reluctant to share but shared all I felt comfortable with. I received a text message from a duty doctor telling me to wait until my next appointment. I then called back and gave the “gatekeeper” every bit of possible information I could in the hope that I would get an appointment… still no. You must wait for a phone call. So I waited, and waited and waited. By the time I did receive a phone call I had already been admitted to the cardiology unit at Worcester Hospital. It’s so disappointing to have to go through this process when I was a genuine patient in need. It makes having to go to the doctors or even calling them an anxiety trip that doesn’t need to happen. The initial process of sharing information to be communicated to a GP needs to change, because if the info isn’t powerful enough then you aren’t going to get the help. I am grateful to have a surgery as stated below, however the service is progressively getting worse which makes it very difficult to continue to be patient and polite to those at the surgery just trying to do their job. People want to be treated with respect but how can you show respect when you’re treated so poorly? I’ve been a patient here for 6 years. Firstly, I’ve never had to wait excessive amounts of time. The surgery staff have always been friendly and respectful (to those who show respect and deserve it). I had an appointment today and I realised how glad I was to have such an excellent and understanding service. I have a hidden illness, but it’s never felt like it’s not seen by the professionals. Thank you for all your help.

Author: Motson
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The patient care navigators I communicated with exhibited an extremely discourteous and patronizing demeanor, and they severely lacked compassion - which leads me to wonder why they chose to pursue this profession? Two of the doctors I have been in touch with also exhibit a lack of empathy and are too hasty to dismiss or disregard you. This used to be a competent medical practice, but it has now become dreadful.

Author: linda gardner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
linda gardner2 photos4 months ago

Author: Julie Morefield
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Firstly the triage system was quick and efficient, I got an appointment the same day. I've been seeing Katie Hopkins twice a week for around 12 weeks ,she is amazing, not only did she listen ,she is very professional, made me feel comfortable and I owe my recovery for a ulcer on my foot solely to her. Thankyou so so much ,she is an asset

Author: Jo Baker
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sent on-line triage form at 8.30, phone call received 9am for a 10am appointment. Fantastic service, as usual. Brilliant service and care

Author: Jack Donovan
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Same standard story with an NHS practice, the young doctors actually care and listen to what you have to say, and the "older" doctors and nurses just want you out the door as soon as possible to make up their 5 minute appointment times. I saw Debra Bayliss yesterday, she told me to stop trying to show her with my fingers where my Jaw hurts (it's been hurting since February) because she will find it, then proceeded to feel everywhere on my Jaw apart from where it hurts. She also told me I have very blocked ears. I explained to her that the last time I came I was told to use Olive oil and I did this religiously every day for a month and it didn't help, my jaw was still painful. To which she told me "don't use olive oil, ignore whoever told you to use that" guess who told me to use it? Her. At my previous appointment.

Author: Graham Poulter
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am really great full to this wonderful practice and efficient team they have managed to get me an appointment with a doctor or specialist nurse practitioner on the same day as contacted always thank you 🙏 …
