Practice: CHURCHDOWN SURGERY
Canonical code: L84047
Postcode: GL3 2JH
Google Maps title: Churchdown Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Churchdown+Surgery/@51.8829085,-2.1748058,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487104f7b8d617d9:0x34eee1d1469fee86!8m2!3d51.8829052!4d-2.1722255!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0sg6m8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84047-churchdown-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ami patel
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful. It's been a month now I was trying to contact GP. As we newly moved to this area and now I am missing my old Surgery. They will pick your call is a nightmare. 100% not satisfied with the service because while we International people paying such a high amount of health surcharge almost 2000 to 3000 pounds and we will get this service. 🥴💔

Author: Laura Camm
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful surgery. Used to be brilliant years ago. Now struggle to speak to a human let alone get an appointment. Currently now I’ve been on hold for 1 hour. Called and was number 4 in the queue, I’ve been number 1 now for 40 minutes. Reception don’t want to do their jobs and doctors don’t want to stick here very long either.

Author: Christine Browning
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely diabolical. What has happened to duty of care to your patients. On hold for so long you end up giving up. Not everyone wants to have the NHS app on their phone.

Author: anonymous 123
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
awful doctors do not recommend! takes forever to get through to someone and when you do they just turn you away and tell you to go to a pharmacy.. extremely disappointing and level of care is poor

Author: Charlotte Clements
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling surgery would not recommend to anybody. Can never get through on the phone and after waiting in the queue for ages will probably be told no on the day appointments are available. I’ve been given a used sample with another patients confidential detail on before which I formally complained about. Waited over an hour for appointments, today was told to return in the afternoon for a booked appointment as I had been waiting so long and still waited over an hour to be seen. Purely stay at this surgery because their midwife is absolutely amazing.

Author: Carole Green
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
trying to get a repeat prescription on nhs ap. impossible. trying to speak to somebody. impossible.been on hold for 30 minutes 2nd in queue for 30 minutes. been with the surgery since they opened. an absolute disgrace. doctors are great, if you're lucky enough to see one

Author: kabita thapa
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
to Dr. Cristina, Thank you so much for everything you are doing for me. I couldn’t ask for a better doctor. I can’t begin to express how grateful I am for your care and support. I’ve been going through a lot recently, facing one issue after another, and you have not only given me hope, but have helped me heal and feel like myself again. Your patience, your active listening, and your non-judgmental attitude mean more to me than I can say. I truly couldn’t ask for a better doctor. Thank you so much for everything you’ve done for me and for helping me in my recovery. I am deeply grateful. You are truly made to be a doctor.

Author: Taylor Magor
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
always waiting to speak to a receptionist on the phone for 10 to 15 minutes. can never get an appointment on the day even when phoning at 8am

Author: Steve
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Unfortunately this surgery is let down by its admin. I have found the actual doctors to be quite good & thorough... However... getting appointments is just painful, they are either very under staffed or quite inefficient or maybe both ! Alot of things can't be solved using online only contact and so often if I call them is so busy I can't even get in a phone queue, just told to ring when it's not busy (which seems like ALL the dam time! ) Even online bookings for non urgent apps can only be done during opening times & today I tried that & even that system had closed because was ''too busy'' ! It's no wonder so many end up at A&E Dismal !!

Author: Durga Gurung
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am very disappointed with the level of service at this surgery. I had a blood test and waited for a whole month for the results. After calling to follow up, I was told that no one seemed to know where my results were. I was then advised to take the test again, but no one could explain why this was necessary. This is extremely unprofessional and unacceptable. Patients deserve clear communication and proper management of their medical records. I respect the hard work of those in the healthcare sector, but experiences like this bring shame and frustration to patients and undermine trust in the system. I believe the CQC should look into this matter and listen to the voices of patients who face similar issues.
