Practice: THE LECKHAMPTON SURGERY
Canonical code: L84040
Postcode: GL53 0LA
Google Maps title: Leckhampton Surgery
Google rating: 4.3
Google review count: 367
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Leckhampton+Surgery/@51.8839669,-2.0886052,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48711ba9b4c5adab:0x711ba9b78d27890a!4m8!3m7!1s0x48711ba84cd6c3e1:0xcbd43c7f1fa0c820!8m2!3d51.8839636!4d-2.0860249!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w4551kq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84040-the-leckhampton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mike Hitchcock
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Been with the practice for over 20years. Large practice with many doctors, nurses and staff. Always efficient and caring. Only downside is that it can take up to a month to get an appointment with a named doctor
Practice response date: 5 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback, I will ensure this is passed to all staff. I am sorry that you have had difficulties obtaining an appointment with a named doctor. If you would like to discus this further , please do not hesitate to contact the Practice Manager.

Author: Sheila Robertson
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everything was well organised with very pleasant staff directing us.

Author: Tom Baxter
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. Can never get an appointment or see a doctor

Author: Kate Morgan
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have left this surgery as the receptionists are extremely rude and unhelpful. I had a terrible experience with Dr Hall who I found to be loud, brash and lacking a sensitivity chip.

Author: George Clee
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Wow can't believe how the phone receptionist handles there calls my wife rang them to sort her father's medication out who's just had brain surgery and leg amputation my wife only asked her a question with a reply I'm not going to argue with you and hung the phone up all for asking a question if my family are not going through anouth already now my wife has rang me all upset and panicking about what to do. You need to sort your staff out and train them to be compassionate

Author: Sara Catlow-Hawkins
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fortunate to pick up a cancellation. Excellent consultation
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Glad we could help. It is always appreciated when a patient who can not make their appointment cancels as this can be then offered to another patient who is waiting for one to come free Kind Regards Leckhampton Surgery

Author: P Burgess-Ho
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am so glad to say Dr. Hall has very careful to checked up about my dizziness that I had many years, my dizzy came twist in 2 months (2025/2026), thanks he arrange next step of MRI Brain to checking before to help improve my dizziness. Many thanks From Patricia Burgess-Ho

Author: Justine Hadden
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very very rude and unhelpful receptionist, obstructive in every way, tapped away on her keyboard without acknowledging me for an uncomfortable amount of time before looking up and asking me how she could help and when i asked her my questions her manner was abrupt, disinterested and condescending. Unbelievable, i thought these kind of receptionists were a thing of the past. Shame on you Leckhampton for making a difficult time even more trying. The only good thing was that a nice person did eventually come out from the back and explain in a nice manner what the first lady failed to manage. I was engaging with the surgery on behalf of a relative, I'm only glad you are not my own surgery.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Thank you for sharing your feedback. We are sorry to hear you were unhappy with your recent experience. Our reception team are required to document all enquiries accurately and safely before they can respond to the next patient waiting. This can cause a brief pause at the desk, but it is essential for confidentiality and ensuring the correct information is given. We are sorry if this felt abrupt. Same‑day turnaround is reserved strictly for urgent clinical needs, so the receptionist was correct in advising that we could not meet your expectation. Thank you again for your comments—we will use them to continue improving communication while maintaining safe working practices.

Author: Nicola Hayward
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Two of my relatives have had to recently visit the surgery. One used the app to make an appointment and whilst on the first go they were not able to get a routine appointment they did the next morning and was seen 14 days later and had a very good consultation with the GP who was extremely thorough. Another relative rang as had a more urgent issue and was seen same day. They discussed in detail what could be treated and how, side effects greatly explained, information fully provided to make decisions. A clear time frame was laid out to manage expectations. A few days later when they contacted the surgery once again, admin staff were able to arrange a very specific fit note via the GP. We are grateful to the surgery who always have given all our family members the best care over the many years but especially in the last couple when things have changed and the demand is so high for GP’s.

Author: caroline cleevely
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you are likely to be poorly then I would look for a different surgery. Wait two weeks for a blood test appointment because you feel so unwell and then its cancelled because of staff sickness so you have to wait another 2 weeks!
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thankyou for your feedback. We are sorry your routine blood test had to be cancelled. Unexpected staff sickness at this time of year can make it difficult to manage but we always risk assess the appointments to ensure care is provided with clinical priority. We hope to be back to full health soon!
