Practice: COLEFORD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: L84069
Postcode: GL16 8RH
Google Maps title: Coleford Health Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Coleford+Health+Centre/@51.7912968,-2.6183473,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCOLEFORD+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+GL16+8RH!3m8!1s0x4871ba2ff0cde043:0x29903c10b63c29b6!8m2!3d51.7912678!4d-2.6157714!9m1!1b1!15sCiJDT0xFRk9SRCBNRURJQ0FMIFBSQUNUSUNFIEdMMTYgOFJIWiQiImNvbGVmb3JkIG1lZGljYWwgcHJhY3RpY2UgZ2wxNiA4cmiSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcpoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VOU2NIQlRjekZuUlJBQuABAPoBBAh9ECA!16s%2Fg%2F1tfrwyvb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84069-coleford-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Grant Wells-Cockburn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Has become a second rate practice. Very poor admin ability.

Author: Carla Clutton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Zero stars if I could. This surgery is the worst I've ever had to use, once tried to get an appointment for my ill baby and they told me they had no appointments for a month. I gave up on the phone and went in, and was then reduced to tears in the corridor by the useless, rude and completely incompetent receptionist. Absolutely shocking considering very young babies are supposed to be seen within 24 hours. I got a text the next day and thought thank God they've listened, only to find out when I got there that it was a mistake and they had accidentally booked my baby in for a COVID vaccine, instead of an appointment - babies can't even have those?! The one star is for the young receptionist who overturned the other one's decision and said no way was she happy about a baby waiting so long to be seen and found us an urgent Dr appointment. Another time trying to get help for myself, I stood at the desk for about 15 mins while another (older) receptionist couldn't work the booking system and kept telling me there was no appointments at all, it was only until another receptionist came over and showed her how to open a tab to pull up appointment slots (yes, really!) did she get it. Most of the reception staff can't work the booking system which is why it's such a mess. Finally a special mention for Lydbrook - I got a text invite for a smear test, booked it, turned up at Lydbrook where I was told I'm not due one til next year and they refused to see me, even though I was there, because again it was another apparent mistake. Doctors and nurses, when I have seen them, have been a mixed bag. Some good, others disinterested and too busy. This surgery needs investigating and some serious support to function properly again, if it ever did

Author: Pamela Howard
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Well where do I start…. My son presented very breathless with an elevated heart rate no observations taken symptoms put it down to anxiety…. WHY? A week later he presented at the GP’s breathless an elevated heart rate….Amoxicillin prescribed still no observations taken! He went to pick prescription up…….the surgery had forgotten to send the prescription to the pharmacy A week later no improvement presented at GP told by receptionist no appointments call 999 as we can’t help! No wonder A&E are overwhelmed! He went to the pharmacy in Coleford who did his blood pressure and heart rate advised to go straight to Forest Community Hospital as very elevated heart rate. Seen by a doctor at the hospital still no observations taken! More antibiotics given stated she would complain to his GP. Six days later ambulance called as he is acutely breathless, gasping for breath heart racing, finally observations taken. He is now in hospital with heart failure….. told he would have been dead within 48 hours had you not called an ambulance. Observations are the most basic measurement of how someone’s body is responding to illness not once were his observations taken. This level of care and concern by GP’s is unacceptable and shameful, and not excusable!

Author: Danni Smith
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phones up and asked for a drs appointment, told them I had pain including chest pain. Told me the first available appointment is in 6 weeks. I genuinely thought she was joking and laughed and waited for her to give me a real appointment but she was being serious! My sisters registered in cinderford and had 3 appointments in the last week, all made within 3 days of calling. How can other drs see patients in 3 days and Coleford take 6 weeks! Wouldnt mind but the place is always empty like a ghost surgery. What are the drs actually doing??

Author: Leanne Parker
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Leanne Parker6 reviews6 months ago

Author: Emily Worrall
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying of nurse nightmare

Author: Richard Burbidge
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't recommend this surgery enough genuine kind and very helpful, reception pulled out the stops for me twice when I needed help got me medication straight away I really can't fault them or Dr nurses and the dispensers at the front, thank you so much

Author: kerry pearce
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Dated practice with elements of unsafe practice.

Author: Jane Bray
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
What has happened to our health service in 2025! I telephoned to ask for an appointment to see my GP on 4th April can't get one until 28th May.

Author: Patricia Mudway
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Just the doctors
