Practice: LYDNEY PRACTICE
Canonical code: L84011
Postcode: GL15 5NQ
Google Maps title: Lydney Practice
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lydney+Practice/@51.7279075,-2.532447,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871bcb1a3996d7b:0xe2a50d73823dcec1!8m2!3d51.7279042!4d-2.5298667!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdxdr01?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L84011-lydney-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Adrian Worthington
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
They seem to be very happy with giving out wrong information the saying you in the wrong, this it not on and has know happened on multiple occasions

Author: al
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just been helped by Ellie - absolutely brilliant, thank you so much 🌟 Alison …

Author: Adam T
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
(EDIT 4/12/25) No improvement even after several complaints. Currently waiting for a phone call from Nicola regarding a referral that should have been quite simple. Especially as I'd already filled out the paperwork. Approximate wait so far is around 3 weeks after chasing once so far. (Original review) Terrible surgery. The main receptionist that I have run in to should find a new job that isn't in a public facing role, she is either in a bad mood and very unprofessional, too willing to chat to the regulars and rude if you need anything other than a check in for your appointment (which getting is extremely difficult). There seems to be no other alternative with her. For over a month I have been asked to call back on a Friday because their diary doesn't go forward far enough for an appointment, only to be told on a Friday that an appointment isn't possible and to try again next Friday. The receptionist mentioned above has also supposedly put in a call back request recently only for a callback to never arrive. When queried why a callback hadn't happened the receptionist (different lady) had found no notes requesting a call back and no mention of a phone call. Their website also advertises an email the nurse service, which after emailing I am then requested to call the practice because they don't have a facility for a nurse to read emails. If G-Doc happen to read this, complaints have been made about these issues twice now. You need to sack this woman and sort out this surgery

Author: Lump hammer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Appalling service after being mislead by receptionists who lied to me about seeing a doctor both times I saw a nurse instead who btw gave me on two occasions misdiagnosis and I had to seek second opinions now they seem to not received referral letters from other professionals that has been sent to them seems to me a conspiracy is afoot and receptionists playing with people's health that don't fit their narrative

Author: Gizella Nemes
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gizella NemesLocal Guide · 5 reviews · 36 photos4 months ago

Author: peter bayliss
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Generally on time appointments

Author: E B
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
E B1 review8 months ago

Author: Ian Shore
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I joined the practice summer last year having moved to the area and whilst having a difficult time. I found the whole team empathetic, helpful and friendly. Over the past year I’ve had a fair amount of contact with the practice for bloods, changes to meds, etc. Due to working very long days I have limited availability, but I have always found them extremely helpful and accommodating. When I have raised any queries regarding treatment these have been dealt with and responded to promptly. As with all practices they struggle to provide enough appointments but I have found them to be as helpful as they could possibly be when I have needed something. Many thanks

Author: Rita Kiraly
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nurse Fiona was utterly unhelpful. Typical powerhungry attitude, zero leniency, no compassion or common sense, instead of finding a compromise and solution, just flat out told me to go private as the only option despite previous NHS assessment fulfilling the requirements. Toxic attitude, should not be in healthcare! I rather switch practice than have to deal with people like her.

Author: Matilda Crothers
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
This practice has an odd system for booking appointments. You can only ring at 2pm on a Friday, or attend the practice at 2pm on a Friday, to get an appointment. Today I rang at 2.15pm and was in a queue, number 49 😬 The good thing is that you can opt for a call back and are sent a link to a live webpage showing you what number in the queue you are. They eventually called back over an hour later but said all the appointments were gone and I would need to wait until next Friday at 2pm to try again. I just need a 4 week follow up appointment from an appointment I had yesterday. At my last GP practice, the doctors would book the follow up for you, but this practice doesn't seem to allow that. It's very frustrating, especially if you need an urgent appointment. They advise to attend the practice at 2pm on Friday to book an appointment, but if you work full time like I do, that's not an option. I hope this system changes. But 2 stars because the staff seem nice. I guess I need to ring at 2pm on the dot next time!
