Practice: LANGPORT SURGERY
Canonical code: L85033
Postcode: TA10 9RH
Google Maps title: Langport Surgery
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Langport+Surgery/@51.0386746,-2.8311662,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4872126a59bb6a45:0xfdfb748382840d2a!8m2!3d51.0386713!4d-2.8285859!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdklp8v?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85033-langport-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Roger Allen
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist very helpful, Got my appointment on the same day, parking restricted, but seen on time by a very thorough nurse practitioner, medication supplied by on-site pharmacy ... Couldn't fault the support....

Author: Debbie Rymer
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently moved to the area and from first contact via a telephone conversation, to arranging a repeat prescription / collection from the surgery all has been a positive experience and friendly/ helpful approach.

Author: molly
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is a joke. The receptionists are rude and dismissive, the doctors apathetic, their mental health team is a walking disaster. None of their doctors managed to pick up on the fact that I have epilepsy and I went undiagnosed for 10 YEARS because of their incompetence. Ive been consistently let down by this place and I’m fed up. They can never approve repeat prescriptions on time, even if you request them way in advance. The whole place just sucks

Author: Alan Dobbs
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been dealing with the Surgery fairly frequently for about 7 months and can say all the staff have been brilliant and caring.

Author: Julia Wright
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My doctor retired - I don't know when as I seldom saw him - but in the times I did over several years he was sympathetic to my concerns . Listened to me and at least recognised me and over the years issued various medications particularly for insomnia and anxiety that kept me content. Otherwise at the age of 84 I appear to be in good health. Since his retirement the woman on whom I have been fobbed off has undone all those things on the guise of it "being for my own good". I never met her - except for a 30 second passing in the corridor. We have discussed these problems on the phone which is entirely unacceptable. We are NOT one size fits all. I cannot believe that doctors cannot get some idea of what you are like by looking at you. The last doctor I actually saw said that I looked like a very well person and I am except for insomnia and anxiety and I can get ill pretty quickly if I don't sleep which MAKES me anxious.feel as if I am being treated by and as a robot. This doctor makes me feel like new TV producers who mess about with popular programmes and ruin them just for the sake of it. My insomnia and anxiety are now at a high level because of this doctor and I can't eat. . She suggested that I transfer to another doctor in the practice and I have accepted her suggestion. November 2025. Have things improved since I wrote this review 10 months ago -? I transfered to another doctor, came to an agreement with him. He said I couldn't have the medication as a repeat prescription I required but nor would I have to beg - then he promply went on sabbatical, came back and immediately went on sabbatical AGAIN since when I AM having to beg. I'm told to make an appointment that I don't need - I am not ill -yet - and as another critic says there is no continuity. Another call today telling me to make an appointment to discuss my medication which is 3 weeks away and is a waste of a appointment .. At my wits end very tired and very fed up and don't know what to do but sick of this practice. The doctors may be very good - I wouldn't know but there appear to be a huge number of locums and part-timers.

Author: Suzie Dobson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Been with this surgery all of my adult life and never had a problem. Always been well looked after, now I’ve moved slightly out the catchment area I’m having to find another GP. Receptionist totally unsympathetic. Every other surgery I know around here is horrific.

Author: Paul Warren
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've recently joined this surgery after moving house. Unfortunately, I've had to use the surgery more than I would have liked for one reason or another. Thankfully, the staff on the phone have always been exceptionally helpful with every request I've had. The doctors I've met have equally been friendly and helped me efficiently and effectively.

Author: Karen Taylor
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor quality of care towards patients in this surgery. A receptionist told a friend of mine that bleeding from the back passage for 5 weeks wasn't urgent and advised my friend to get cream from the pharmacy! Since when have receptionists been qualified to diagnose patients! When they have no idea of what they're talking about? Absolutely disgusting!

Author: Barbara Mills
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I feel I have to express my sincere gratitude for the kindness and understanding nurse Elton Ncube gave me on a resent appointment. Elton provided an empathetic ear throughout my appointment I did not feel rushed I felt very much listened to he was so kind. Elton’s kind words made a significant and positive impact on how I was feeling and I walked out of the surgery a much happier more positive person … would you please ensure he receives this message thank you Barbara

Author: Michelle Price
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic doctor surgery friendly helpfully and fast
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Many thanks for your kind comments and for taking the time to leave us a review. I will ensure it is shared with the team. Best wishes Charlotte Norris, Operations Manager
