Practice: RYALLS PARK MEDICAL CENTRE, YEOVIL
Canonical code: L85048
Postcode: BA21 3BA
Google Maps title: Ryalls Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ryalls+Park+Medical+Centre/@50.9518284,-2.6434533,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4872402605e879cb:0x1de2646ed7f8c6e2!8m2!3d50.951825!4d-2.640873!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thx81ml?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85048-ryalls-park-medical-centre-yeovil.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Quinessa Stanislaus
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Lack professionalism, lack humanity, very unorganised , very rude and lack understanding with the staff.

Author: Sandra Murphy
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Will not prescribe meds as too expensive.

Author: Jamie Jordan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good service. Used the askmyGP system and got an appointment the next day. Was seen a few mins early for my appointment. The practitioner who saw me was professional, understanding, and clear with his advice. The only downside was there was no one at reception as I need to change some of my personal details.

Author: Ali Townsend
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Full of Liars and rude staff. Every month we have issues with a prescription and we are constantly having to do call backs. Prescription team and reception keeps telling us we're priority and we will hear back but we dont get updates or call backs and when we follow up we are often told there's no record of a request or they're putting it as priority again. One staff member threatened to end a call because of our tone of voice. We are frustrated at being lied too and having to chase up every day to be told we are going to receive a call and then be told we have to call back next day. We weren't abusive, we weren't threatening but because we are frustrated and demanded answers to why we're being neglected and lied to they just dismiss us everytime. We dont know if it Ryalls or the Oaklands team as we never know who the call goes to but we've noticed the service has gotten alot worse since they've merged together. Place needs a new team or to be shut down.

Author: mega_package
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wow who idea was to merge surgery’s can’t even get medication surgery doesnt even deal with our medication this is a stupid system

Author: Leonie Hattingh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Since the merger with the other surgeries, I find the weekly prescription requests, extremely stressful. Some medicines are being removed without any consultation with me, now having to manually request it. Then make extra telephone calls when I find out at the last minute that my request was not processed. Please talk to me?

Author: Dean Jefferies
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking The reception team are rude and patronising, can not get an appointment and if you do they don’t listen and write notes down, my mother has waited nearly a year for her results for Galstones and been in absolute agony ever since. Avoid like the plague !!!!!!

Author: Louisa Chesters
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Updated Since the merger, I am not sure how but it has got 10x worse than it was before. If you email they are rude and unhelpful. The Dr said they would put a prescription by and if I needed it, I could request it and I wouldn't have to wait and have another appointment it can be sent to the pharmacy straight away.....the receptionists refused to help with this, when I asked for the prescription (its a urgent need and now I've had to wait over 3 weeks for a phone call to resolve this.....)They arent able to give updates when I asked if they had an update back and dont seem to be able to read the notes. I asked for another prescription to be approved so it can be sent through the post, they argued and sent it to the pharmacy when I said no it needs to be put through the app so it can be sent to me through the post they were rude and after chasing since the 8th August (now the 26th August) i cannot wait any longer and will have to take time out of work to pick it up. You cannot put through an online request unless you are from the other surgery. If I wasnt in the middle of a investigation I would move Dr's. If you are picking Dr's surgery dont pick this one they are rude and beyond unhelpful. I don't understand the point of them having a GP app that they refuse to use and make you call anyway. I use the app as I cannot wait on the phone as I work the same hours that they are open it's not like you can get straight through when you do call. They also don't listen on reception, down to them making me an appointment but didn't put even my name or details against the appointment so the nurse was unsure if the appointment was for me. I have only just moved to the area and I am VERY disappointed. My last doctor's used the app so well and it ran even smoother than before. No wonder there is talks of closing this site down.

Author: Andy Bowditch
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always very good

Author: Nicola Hayter
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is a total disgrace. My son has been suffering with his health for 9 months, the help, care and assistance from his Dr has been nominal. I have tried for 2 weeks to obtain an appointment for him to discuss how things are progressing and he WILL NOT BE GIVEN AN APPOINTMENT, not even a phone call. The receptionists, with the exception of maybe one/two, are rude and abrupt. I was told on one occasion " to make a cup of tea or coffee and smoke a cigarette (if I smoke), and conserve my energy for my son. After a very serious situation with my son yesterday, the doctors present at the surgery still refused to see my son even though we were advised to do so by another health source. DO NOT USE this surgery is my advice, especially if you have anything that is more than something simplistic that will not exhaust their capabilities.
