Practice: PENN HILL SURGERY, YEOVIL
Canonical code: L85017
Postcode: BA20 1SB
Google Maps title: Penn Hill Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 111
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Penn+Hill+Surgery/@50.9398451,-2.635502,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487241cd602d5f2d:0x554d3d57db0a5227!8m2!3d50.9398417!4d-2.6329217!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfjvqx2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85017-penn-hill-surgery-yeovil.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: CLAIRE
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get an appointment. Always have to ring 111

Author: Brian Phillips
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
A surgery to trust

Author: James Smith
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not going to lie peeps, very bad. I've been waiting to have a problem addressed and sorted for over 2 years and I've got absolutely nowhere with it. Seen about 3 or 4 different people and was sent to the hospital with the wrong information. They don't seem to care really. I'm also diabetic and can't get kidney tests and things easily, it's all long. You do all the work, they don't help at all. Some of the reception is well rude as well. Also ask my GP gets closed down, I'm in the middle of the convo with someone trying to sort something that's never been sorted and the convo gets closed down. Then you have to go on again another day. I've lived in other areas and I know it's not a good enough standard for people. If people don't care about their job, they should quit. I would suggest everyone starts taking some vitamins and just call 999 if you're dying. Quick edit, I've been trying to get something sorted out for over 2 years now and I was sent one time to the hospital with the wrong info and had nothing sorted out, and I got a letter a few months ago with instructions on how to make an appointment, made it and talked to somebody on the phone confirming it and still haven't received anything since then. That was over 3 months ago. This is the same thing I've been trying to get sorted for over 2 years. I've still not managed to move forward with it. I'll add some more on as I've left this surgery now. Before I left they had removed half of my insulin off my prescription, so I had no insulin for meals. The woman on the phone said "I thought you only needed one". Never seen that happen. Also you all get gaslighted with the app and made to believe it's for the good of the surgery. That's the reality. He doesn't care about the wellbeing of the people there and mugs them off. He's from London, so he mugs you off because he can and there's not enough to compare to. The place needs a review, it hasn't had one since 2016. Would suggest anyone that is there to make sure that happens if you want to see it improve. I'm at a new surgery now. I can ring and have my prescription sent to the pharmacy within 5 minutes on the phone, like a normal place. So much more to say, it's 1 star. Wendy Childs was the only person I actually liked there and a Scottish nurse who does bloods and things. That's it. The message you get on the phone is "this is in line with blah blah blah". It's just Sarker reducing his work load down while collecting his cheque. Don't believe him. Other surgeries are not doing it. That's a fine example of "small world control", which he will know he's doing.

Author: Eloise Talbott
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
We have been privileged to have had three elderly relatives registered with Penn Hill Surgery. Dr Childs was simply superb in her care of two of my relatives, and I cannot thank her and the team enough for the care and compassion she showed them. Dr Sarkar has shown an exemplary level of care to another relative. He has been extremely professional at all times, kept our family informed of any change in the care of our relative, and his medical management was excellent. I have found the team at Penn Hill to be superb. Keep up the good work PHS!

Author: laura williams
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Put in a request for meds on 6th December nobody informed me they weren't prescribed, put in a second request was told I needed a blood test, reception said they would speak to Gp and ring me back nobody bothered, I had a blood test done at the hospital, whats the point in having all this on line nhs stuff if you can't share results it's ridiculous i am now gonna have to have 2 blood tests a month, phoned again today, have a blood test booked today and am still unsure when I will get my meds, which incidentally I have run out off, reception was very unhelpful and quite frankly I think she just wanted to get rid of me

Author: Usama With Real Experince
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very Unprofessional staff on Reception. Highly not recommended for new comers.

Author: Carol Toogood
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Carol Toogood5 months ago

Author: Dave Sweet
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Regular visitor with my 90 year old Mother, reception are always helpful and considerate, Nurse ( Jemma Whifield) is extreemly patient and helpful with her advice Very good service

Author: Reggie Reggie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgraceful - unable to see a doctor despite having tied several times - they don’t ask your name so no record of the number of attempts to make an appointment. Having now to pay to go privately to see a gp. I’ve paid into the system all my working life and now when you need help they don’t want to know. They just want you to give up and leave them alone. My old Doctor at this surgery back in the 60’s was an old fashioned doctor who cared about his patients - he would be turning in his grave if he could see what has become of his practice.

Author: Catherine Gordon
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I rang to request some required information. The receptionist couldn't have been more helpful. Whilst the information wasn't attainable immediately, I had what I needed the next day. Very polite and professional.
