Practice: GLASTONBURY HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: L85047
Postcode: BA6 9DD
Google Maps title: Glastonbury Health Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Glastonbury+Health+Centre/@51.1488236,-2.7154059,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4872182abd286f85:0x3980f1bdb1266244!4m8!3m7!1s0x4872182aa25c8a29:0x37ca547d52726d74!8m2!3d51.1488203!4d-2.7128256!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th7xtc_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85047-glastonbury-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Miranda Bruce
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Diagnosed and cured really quickly. Had no trouble getting an appointment.

Author: Richard Elliott
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My mum saw Louise who was amazing, she was reassuring to my mum who was apologising to her as she felt she was taking too much time. Louise reassured her that she isn’t and she could take her time. My mother suffers terrible health anxiety, and to have this was amazing. On bringing mum into the room Louise introduced herself and explained she had taken over from Shiela. Mum asked about Louise’s background in nursing which Louise explained to mum. This helped to ease mum as she knew Louise had the experience to deal with her COPD. Louise dealt with all mums concerns (some not relating to COPD) and even went on to inform mum she is eligible for some vaccines that mum wasn’t aware of. The receptionist was a blonde older lady, who was lovely towards my mum also, I didn’t catch her name but she had glasses on and was very understanding towards mum. I hope mum sees Louise in the future as she’s a real asset to the team alongside the receptionist that mum dealt with. I cannot rate Glastonbury health centre high enough for the care they gave my mum.

Author: Jodie Louise Sullivan (OhMyGoodnessMe)
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every time I’ve been to this medical centre I’ve had such a good experience. Firstly, I can always get an appointment and it’s so quiet every time I go (a rarity in the UK nowadays). Highly recommend Mr Boddam-Whetham (physio) and Miss Benn (blood tests) but I get the feeling all the medical professionals there are lovely. I asked for my blood test results to be sent to me by email and it’s never too much for them to do. I will say that they wouldn’t normally send them as the results are deemed ‘normal’ so no further action required when in fact I have taken the results to a holistic doctor and there’s plenty of markers that can be improved (I’m very low in iron for example but the ranges for NHS are way off in my experience) but this is an issue I have with the limitations of NHS services, not with this specific doctors. As far as typical care goes they are great. Also, to note, there’s only a few car parking spaces so be prepared to pay for parking in the car park opposite or give yourself enough time to find free curb parking and walk in.

Author: Trudi Allen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All staff are amazing. Take the time to accommodate. Would highly recommend GHC. It does annoy me when I sit in waiting room and you have complaining members of the public and for no reason. Staff are always professional.

Author: Lizzy Henry
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Welcoming , clean and efficient surgery. I've just moved here and I asked to be seen as I needed an onward referral. This was done immediately with kindness, efficiency and with forwarded information and advice via txt. I thought that my surgery in West Sussex was good but this one is even better. Some parking for disabled drivers too and a beautiful entrance gate and welcoming spacious reception helped me with the experience in a new area. Highly recommend this surgery and lovely staff. The doctor I saw was very kind and referred me on straight away. I then heard from the hospital the next day with an appt within two weeks.

Author: Patricia Ackroyd
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very aggressive and bullying staff member. Only willing to treat simple issues. If you are complex..,,

Author: Lyn Appleton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had nothing but the best care from this practice. I fully understand the pressure GP surgeries are under but overall this surgery has always been here when I’ve really needed it.

Author: richard longworth
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
richard longwortha year ago

Author: Rebecca Kirkman
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
A close family member of mine was turned away from an appointment, due to being 2 minutes over the 10 minute built in margin for error. This in itself, not a problem. However, when I followed up to discuss what had happened and how they had been spoken too, the receptionist Susan practically laughed in my face when I mentioned they had ignored and discriminated against a hidden disability. As front of house I would expect basic manners as well as training on disabilities to be part of the job description. To top it off, when the reasons for lateness were discussed it was admitted that they would have found an appointment, or at least tried harder had I come in. Further proving the neglect shown to people who are quieter, or less comfortable advocating for themselves. Extremely disappointed with the service, I am personally glad I have moved elsewhere.

Author: Rebekah Burns
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been a patient here for 40 years and I've always found it amazing. Until recently. The receptionists have always been lovely but, the last time I rang, I spoke to a very snotty receptionist, one of those who just doesnt want to be helpful. Unfortunately today, I had to go into the surgery for an urgent prescription and encountered the same snotty woman who basically called me a liar when i told her i had run out of medication. She was vile.
