Practice: CREWKERNE HEALTH CENTRE, CREWKERNE
Canonical code: L85004
Postcode: TA18 8BX
Google Maps title: Crewkerne Health Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 107
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Crewkerne+Health+Centre/@50.8809862,-2.8007146,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48726e6f5e8e742d:0xd21e297bd870250d!8m2!3d50.8809828!4d-2.7981343!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2jh3qm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85004-crewkerne-health-centre-crewkerne.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarah Ball
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling, disorganised, mess! Last summer I had to wait for four months for an appointment, my pain and inability to walk or carry out my day to day life was curtailed completely. But to add insult to injury on the same matter since November last I have had two appointments cancelled by this surgery, my only appointment is now for early March. So this is becoming a norm IT TAKES FOUR MONTHS TO GET GET AN APPOINTMENT

Author: Jamie Selwood-Mould
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give them 0 stars if I could. The doctor I had was useless and blunt. She didn't resolve my issue, and you can't book two appointments to talk about more than one issue; you have to go through the online booking portal again. This has to be the worst doctor's surgery in this area. You only have to read the other reviews to realize this place is poorly run. I wouldn't bother with this place. Very unprofessional for a doctor's surgery. I will be changing surgeries ASAP for one that knows how to take care of patients!!!

Author: Nick Britton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice staff

Author: Amanda Masters
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Second year in a row I'm having to fight to get my son's flu vaccine done. He never gets an invite which he should as he's vulnerable and on Immunosuppression. Its writen all of his medical records and even Bristol hospital has wrote to you saying it. How would you feel if this was your child and keep getting the run around?? It says all over the TV how important it is for vulnerable people to have the flu jab but its seems Crewkerne health centre doesn't actually care. No boots cemist won't give a child the flu vaccine it has to be done by the doctor and you should know this instead of passing the buck He can't have the normal child flu vaccine due to his medication!!!

Author: Colin Burton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Colin Burton5 reviews5 months ago

Author: Gill O'Dell
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Told this afternoon (after 45 minutes on the phone) that for hospital requested blood tests, I have to attend South Petherton. Are you going to pay my taxi fare ? Apparently this has been the case for 2 months now. I was not informed of this when I tried to book same blood test (only 1 month ago) and was told they couldn't book that far ahead. You have '12' listed GP's, so how about more nurses. I really do feel your website needs to reflect this rule. Good luck to those in their 70's and 80's with no transport or family to assist them. Absolutely crazy. Good to see your advertising for more admin staff today. Hopefully Chase Medical found yourselves another GP. Not a bad rate of pay. ......Above was the information given to me via a phone call last year. South Parherton last week (July 25') informed me they had never operate a 'walk in' blood test service. ------ There is more..... Well, well, well.....in the last half hour (21/7/25), I was sent a text 'telling me' as a reminder that my blood test is tomorrow at West One. Well, it was infact booked by myself on May 23rd for Monday the 28th July. After enquiring by phone as to why the surgery had assumed I could make the appointment (with less than 24 hours notice) I was then informed the 'on screen' message stated that I had cancelled my own appointment. I warn you now, make sure you keep your call records to Crewkerne Medical Centre. Delving a little deeper, it seems my appointment had been moved on Friday the 4th July.....no letter, no call nor even the convenient text did I receive. But on screen apparently it was myself who cancelled it. Gosh, and no name of who had moved the appointment.....typical. I will be in touch....also most probably in touch with NHS Somerset ICB office. Keep those call records folks....and screen shots of any appointments made over the phone. After today (22/7/25), can I redact my 1 ⭐ ? Thanks to NHS England for your info this afternoon. Also PALS. Still waiting for an apology / explanation 24/7/25.......30/7/25. Well, can't process prescriptions correctly now. Symphony Healthcare....you are 'shocking'. So you don't answer my email which kind of pointed out your error but, I see since yesterday (26/9/25) you've 'kind of' corrected it.

Author: Paul Myers
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Much like many other reviews … just VERY poor quality service. Month long waits for appointments, the online system clearly designed to “protect” staff from having to interact directly with patients (imagine that! HUMAN interaction). If you’re looking to join a surgery I’d avoid this one like the plague (they probably would even see you if you had the plague anyway)

Author: Amy
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I never review, but this place really is bad. The online system is slow, and i came across so many issues that meant i never got an appointment. Had to change gps, dont recommended.

Author: lewis cole
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Hit and miss, some of the nurses/doctors are really good, others don’t want to know

Author: Gill Coad
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Am i missing the place on the website that tells you how the appt system works? I assume you just ring? Can you book an advance appt or is that just for on-the-day appts? I would have thought that as the chief purpose of a doctor's surgery is to see or speak to a doctor so i assumed there would be information on the website! It may be there but I'm not seeing it
