Practice: HAMDON MEDICAL CENTRE, STOKE-SUB-HAMDON
Canonical code: L85026
Postcode: TA14 6QE
Google Maps title: Hamdon Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hamdon+Medical+Centre/@50.9515843,-2.7552999,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48726c9bab5da389:0xa645758cbc33feca!8m2!3d50.9515809!4d-2.7527196!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4p4d6b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85026-hamdon-medical-centre-stoke-sub-hamdon.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Harold Godwinsson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
2nd Rate GP Medical Practice since the ready made excuse afforded by the Coronavirus Plan-Demic. Barely any personal service and my Dad has been sent an appointment which has not been explained at all and he has recently been treated for cancer. Unbelievable. A McLaughlin

Author: Agnieszka
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always going above and beyond ! Thank you to all the wonderful Staff for looking after me and my family .

Author: Katarzyna Marques
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called GP in July they said they will send referral to hospital checked few weeks later was told there is a 16weeks wait called hospital yesterday to find out the referral was never send 😒 amazing team honestly I lost my words waited 17weeks to now wait another probably 20weeks thank you very much for your great care for the patients!!!!

Author: Michael Hasnip
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I think the many one-star reviews already make it clear how poorly this surgery is run. Unfortunately, my own experience over the past two years has been just as disappointing. The reception staff are consistently rude and dismissive, both in person and over the phone. Patients are forced to use the Anima online system rather than being allowed to make straightforward requests by phone. Even then, responses often take days — or never come at all. My most recent Anima request went unanswered for over a week. When I eventually called to chase it, the receptionist was rude, gave no meaningful update, and simply told me to “wait for a doctor to respond.” I’ve raised multiple complaints and repeatedly requested a call from the practice manager, Haley S, but despite several attempts, she has never contacted me. When I developed significant breathing problems in late 2024, the handling of my care was appalling. After several appointments and conflicting advice, I was told an urgent ENT referral had been made on a two-week wait. The letter I later received showed a 19-week wait instead. I called the practice multiple times, was promised the referral would be expedited, and was even told I’d receive an urgent GP call — which didn’t happen until much later, only for the GP to deny what I’d previously been told. I eventually had to contact the hospital myself to get the referral treated as urgent (which advised I needed urgent corrective nasal surgery). To make matters worse, a third-party rehabilitation provider I’ve been dealing with following a major accident contacted the surgery for information. I was informed the practice had been completely unresponsive to their repeated requests. I’m now facing the same issue with my solicitor, whose information requests are also being ignored. Overall, my experience with this surgery has been defined by poor communication, false assurances, and a complete lack of accountability. I’ve lost all confidence in their ability to manage patient care. Absolutely disgraceful service.

Author: Mike Hughes
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One star too many. I know the NHS is in turmoil, but the service here doesn't function well at all anymore. I have left messages on askmyGP and phoned the surgery multiple times in the last few weeks since I first logged my request. My request was apparently put down as urgent, yet I have still had no contact from a clinician. It makes you feel like you're going mad, to be spoken to in clipped tones by an aloof receptionist when you ring up to ask for some clarity. To be ignored by the service that exists above any other to support people's health and wellbeing must compound issues for anyone already struggling with a health issue.

Author: Star Chesterton
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery doesn’t even deserve a star but I had to put it so I could make a review. I have been with this surgery for a few years now and I have severe sciatica and a buldging disc in my spine, I kept asking for scans and they wouldn’t do it. It took them a good year and a half to finally send me for an mri and the results clearly shown an injury. My named doctor is dr blades and let me tell you now she is terrible she doesn’t even deserve to be a doctor. I spoke to her about some very personal issues and she talks down to me. I told her I was suicidal and she said well you’re not going to kill yourself today so it can wait. Now is that just me or do you agree that is disgusting. Each appointment I had with her I ended up in tears either in her office or when I got outside. I have actually moved doctors due to how I was being treated. Also the receptionist carlene is very rude and actually put the phone down on me. My advice is DO NOT CHOOSE TO GO WITH THIS SURGERY. You will not get the help you need and you will come out feeling worse than you did when you went in.

Author: Chris Kemble
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors and reception staff pre covid were very friendly and helpful. If you needed an appointment you could ring up and get one normally that day if not the next day but since they have switched over to this stupid online booking the reception staff seem up themselves and if you don't have access to the Internet they will ask you the in's and out of what's wrong to fill the form in even if its personal. Something your only willing to discuss with a doctor. My advice.... get rid of the online booking and go back to how it use to be pre covid.

Author: Julie Bird
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't usually post reviews but on this occasion i feel it necessary. Both my daughter and myself have been at this surgery for the past few years, with dr Blades as our named gp. I have multiple health issues as does my daughter and the way we have been treated is absolutely disgusting. I have never been spoken to by a doctor in such a rude and cruel manner. I have witnessed my daughter who has major depression being told "well you're not going to kill yourself today" when she told dr Blades that she feels suicidal every day. She also told my daughter that she needs to grow up. It's disgraceful to talk to anyone in this manner let alone someone with mental health issues. My daughter has now had to transfer to a different surgery. I have also been spoken to in the same way by doctor Blades many times over the past few years. In conclusion i think that it's time that something is put into place to avoid other patients having to endure what my daughter and i have. We will be registering a formal complaint with the surgery and i encourage anyone else who has been spoken to in this manner to do the same.

Author: julie Williams
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
First official visit. Staff from reception to non medically qualified staff pleasant and helpful and felt that they were genuinely there to help. Only criticism appears to be the system they are forced to use. The person I saw, whilst she noted a problem on my records couldnot raise a flag to GP to consider a referral for screening due to a family risk factor that came to light end of last week. Advised I had to raise anima request couldn't so call made for staff to do, was it admin or appointment that was needed? . Anyway, staff helpful and raised request. A pleasant change from last surgery. Keep this pleasantness going.. Thank you.

Author: Matthew Belsey
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
As of 08.07 2025 many of my records do not appear after a recent asthma review . I had extensive tests last year including spirometry tests and doctors referral.None apparently recorded by the asthma nurse or lost! I was even told my last peak flow test at this surgery was in Feb 2023 only record to appear a neat trick as we didn't live in Somerset until late March 2023. Ironically treatment given was good just not recorded.Dr Solomon who i saw at the time will be a sad loss to the practice. And the newer receptionists seem to be a vast improvement on the old brigade often insufferably rude and abrupt.
