Practice: OAKLANDS SURGERY
Canonical code: L85064
Postcode: BA21 5RL
Google Maps title: Oaklands Surgery
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 138
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oaklands+Surgery/@50.9542642,-2.6193698,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sOAKLANDS+SURGERY+BA21+5RL!3m8!1s0x48724046dd45d083:0xeb111b6cd352e318!8m2!3d50.9542751!4d-2.6161786!9m1!1b1!15sChlPQUtMQU5EUyBTVVJHRVJZIEJBMjEgNVJMWhsiGW9ha2xhbmRzIHN1cmdlcnkgYmEyMSA1cmySAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tx14v1g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85064-oaklands-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Danielle Crabb
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Saw Dr Ignaczuk with my toddler yesterday. What an amazing doctor, so polite and cheerful. He didnt make me feel rushed or unheard and was exactly how I would want a doctor to be with my child! Was triaged for a 3pm appointment on the same day after using the askmygp portal. The only downside to my experience would be the parking, thankfully I am able to walk to the surgery but would find parking around school time to be a bit of a nightmare! I hope Dr Ignaczuk is one to stay at the surgery as he really is brilliant 👏

Author: James Herron
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
James Herron3 reviews2 weeks ago New

Author: Kevin Woolston
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Are Hospitals are new gp center On feb 18th l utilized the ask my gp system to request med advice,but unfortunately l did not receive any comminication by 23rd feb after following up with a phone call, l was informed that a face to face was needed, appointment would not be avaible for additional 2 to 3 weeks, given the urgency of med advice opted to decline this offer.instead l contacted yeovil hospital directly which allowed mt to attend an appointment and undergo a blood test on the same day receiving the results promptly,this experience has led me to question weather it would be more efficient to reach out to the hospital directly for future medical concerns rather than relying on the G.P. l believe this issue warrants further discussion as it may be interest to others in our community, it my even merit coverage in the local news paper to try awareness to potential inefficencies within the system

Author: Lauren Green
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling service since they merged with ryalls park. They have dragged that surgery down aswell!! Contacted them on AskMyGP due to a suspected chest infection and after I had contacted 111 and seen a pharmacist over the weekend, they didn’t reply to me so i contacted 111 again who then reassured me that they have secured a telephone call with a GP at Oaklands for the next 6 hours… i then later got a text message by a RECEPTIONIST. Saying the doctor wants to refer me to a Pharmacist. I told them once again that I had already been to a pharmacist over the weekend and they said they didn’t have the equipment to check my chest. Now, Oaklands have totally ignored me. They should be ashamed of themselves.

Author: Robyn Kent
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Called to get my vaccine records and the receptionist was polite and incredibly helpful. She updated everything while I was still on the phone! Couldn't have been smoother.

Author: Ali Townsend
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Full of Liars and rude staff. Every month we have issues with a prescription and we are constantly having to do call backs. Prescription team and reception keeps telling us we're priority and we will hear back but we dont get updates or call backs and when we follow up we are often told there's no record of a request or they're putting it as priority again. One staff member threatened to end a call because of our tone of voice. We are frustrated at being lied too and having to chase up every day to be told we are going to receive a call and then be told we have to call back next day. We weren't abusive, we weren't threatening but because we are frustrated and demanded answers to why we're being neglected and lied too they just dismiss us everytime. We dont know if it Ryalls or the Oaklands team as we never know who the call goes to but we've noticed the service has gotten alot worse since they've merged together. Place needs a new team or to be shut down.

Author: susan brice
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really good treatment from Oaklands Yeovil Health Cenntre and Yeovil Xray.All very quick pleasant and helpful. Thank you very much

Author: susan brice
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Used askmygp this morning and had a reply very quickly about 40 minutes later no diagnosis yet but was given good advice excellent thank you
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the positive review, glad you had a good experience. :-)

Author: Jakub Brzezoń
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely detestable. To have a receptionist request to speak to a child (12 yo), have him confirm his surname and date of birth, and then question the identities of guardians and children, and say that she doesn't think it is said child or that his brother is who he says he is, is utterly unacceptable. Complaint has been lodged with ICB. That receptionist deserves to have disciplinary action taken against her.

Author: Karolina Struska
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give this surgery 0 stars I would, or even below zero would be great. Avoid at all costs, to keep your health and sanity! Not only they don't read the notes, claims "missing patient details",messing prescribtions, but also fail to provide the basic level of care, understanding or compassion. I have been with this surgery for 10 yrs and today is the final straw! Last week my child was prescribed antibiotics in "quite high dose" as doctors said. I have been advised to monitor my child and contact surgery immediately if any concerning symptoms appear. On Monday my child was covered in red, angry hives all over her body, so I did as I was told and put the request (via phone as out of askmyGP times) for an urgent appointment. I was advised that someone will call me back, but none did. I chased up again and again only to find out "ohh I am not sure what happened here, let me put another request for you and someone will call you back". We are in a limbo as unsure whether its allergic reaction or something else, not knowing if its infectious or not and the surgery does absolutely NOTHING to help! Obviously like others I've been told to contact 111 or A&E if I want to. Stay away people, stay away!!!!
