Practice: GLASTONBURY SURGERY
Canonical code: L85039
Postcode: BA6 9LP
Google Maps title: The Glastonbury Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Glastonbury+Surgery/@51.1484513,-2.7242178,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4872177e1bca3c51:0xc53539da292a060d!8m2!3d51.148448!4d-2.7216375!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tm0b82c?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85039-glastonbury-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michael Churches
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
A real abysmal service , managed to get a cancellation appointment after three days trying at 8.00am waiting in a queue to be told there are no appointments left for that day . Seen the Doctor on Monday , prescribed antibiotics for five days but if no better to call back on Thursday to extend the antibiotics by a few more days .Hoped it would improve as Friday and the weekend were very busy . Called back on Thursday as symptoms had not improved, to be told the Doctor that seen me on Monday does not work there on Thursday . the duty doctor would call me , I called at 17.45 as I had not heard anything , to be told the duty doctor had left a message with the receptionist , but the receptionist had gone home . The receptionist or doctor never called , so after a lengthy conversation with the other receptionist convincing her I was not telepathic and had I not rang how would I know what was happening. She then offered an appointment to me to Friday morning at 9.55 with another doctor . This was not ideal as I had already arranged my Friday , and only wanted a call to confirm if a quick prescription for four more antibiotic tablets could be put up for me to collect . I asked if the original doctor that I seen on Monday was there , which he was working on Friday , but he would not be able to see me as he was already fully booked !!!! I now have to see another doctor drive up the the surgery again wait for god knows how long and go over the whole story again just to extend my antibiotics for three more days , then wait in the pharmacy to be told they don't have it to come back tomorrow . After 8 journeys to Glastonbury, endless time , waiting , seeing , and driving they tell me that the system they have in place is to streamline efficiency. I have never come across such a shocking waste of resources where common sense could save thousands

Author: Allegro MT
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
It is disappointing that reception staff sometimes find it difficult to show basic courtesy when speaking with patients. During my recent call, I was told they were unable to get hold of me, yet my phone had not been called. I was then told that my phone had shown no connection, which was not accurate, and a text was sent instead. I explained that I was too unwell to travel to Mendip Hospital for a simple sample test for a suspected infection, yet I was repeatedly told to go to the hospital. When I reiterated that I was not well enough to travel, I was met with: “Well, you’re not well enough to come here then either, are you!” While I understand that reception staff are busy, it is really unnecessary to speak to patients in a rude or dismissive manner. Interactions like this leave patients feeling uncomfortable and unsupported, particularly when they are unwell and seeking urgent care.

Author: Glenn Cherry
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Glenn CherryLocal Guide · 221 reviews · 154 photos2 months ago

Author: Zeg
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery around 12 years now, just over half of that with more chronic conditions requiring more assistance from the reception staff, the nurses and the doctors. I have had to wait sometimes when they are running late, which in my eyes is ok as that more than likely means they have spent more time with patients who needed that time and attention. My personal demeanour is always appreciative, and they have always done their very best for me, which I appreciate very much. I have yet to have what I would consider to be a "bad" experience, though I have chased a couple of things that may have been overlooked, again, these things can happen from time to time, they are human afterall! In a world that is far from perfect, all the Glastonbury surgery staff do their very best in my experience, in often difficult situations. I just wanted to share my extensive experience here after reading some of the more critical reviews here.

Author: Peter Lynch
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting service. My partner arrived for an appointment today with a lady called Hannah Carter which was booked for 10.30am. She was eventually called in at 11.10am. How is this even acceptable, if we were to turn up 10mins late we would be told we had missed an appointment and would have to wait weeks for a new one. It seems it is one rule for us and a different one for them.

Author: Mark T H E Gasman
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unable to contact after appointment canceled a month ago I don’t have time to wait for you to answer the phone why can’t I email you P/acces switched off 🙈🙈 …

Author: B M
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My partner called after the GP asked him to, and a woman named Emma on the front desk picked up hounding him saying things like “is it an emergency though? Is it? Is it?”. She continuously belittled him and spoke to him with the most heinous attitude. My partner deals with serious depression and mental health issues. It’s disgusting for someone in HEALTHCARE to talk to someone in such a derogatory and patronizing manner. I seriously hope that the practice will take this matter seriously. You never know what mental state someone is in, and if it will trigger them.

Author: Kelly O
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m fairly new to this practice, so waited until I had a few visits under my belt before reviewing. As a “complex patient” with numerous health issues, I can’t praise this surgery enough. Everyone I’ve dealt with so far has been amazing. My gp is very patient with me, actually listens to me, pays attention and acts accordingly. I’m not used to and wasn’t expecting that. The nurses are lovely and reception staff too. They’ve squeezed me in for urgent appointments, despite being slammed. When we moved here, I chose this surgery for its proximity to our house, but I’m really glad I did.

Author: maria wallace
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I really like this surgery, since moving to Glastonbury over 2 years ago I've never encountered an issue. The GPs are always attentive as are the nurses and the receptionists are always friendly.

Author: Lisa Hart
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors practice in Glastonbury now as you can't get a face to face appointment anymore I was told you can only get phone calls now and so depressed feel like I want to kill myself they don't care as that's not an emergency, it used to be good now I would never recommend this place, GO SOMEWHERE ELSE THAT CARES ABOUT PAITANTS Just gone to see Dr tank what a waste of time more interested in finishing of on computer from last patient then could not really be interested in what I was saying then trying to rush appointment saying there's not enough time after messing around on computer at start of appointment did nothing for my symptoms like I said waste of time I just left more depressed then ever......
