Practice: THE MEADOWS SURGERY
Canonical code: L85061
Postcode: TA19 9FE
Google Maps title: The Meadows Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 21
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Meadows+Surgery/@50.9250629,-2.9223456,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487274595ba025c5:0xb91c1bb2d8539ca9!8m2!3d50.9250595!4d-2.9197653!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hf42w4gs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85061-the-meadows-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sean Haughey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Sean Haughey1 reviewa month ago

Author: Simon Conroy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A digitised appointments system makes accessing services difficult: even for the computer literate. It is neither clear nor user friendly. The telephone system is the same. A call is first answered electronically with a deadpan robotic monologue. Staff seemed to be trained to be functionaries not particularly human.They conform to dogmatic policies and procedures. Fiduciary principle is not in evidence. They are defensive not professional: a culture now widely apparent. I imagine like many "industries" they work for their lawyers not service users. I have been misdiagnosed. What was seen as a dermatological complaint was a far more serious thrombosis.

Author: patricia Britten
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get an appointment. Can never talk to anyone for help or advice. Ordering medication on line is a nightmare.

Author: Tim Taylor
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
We moved to ilminster in 2022, and were so happy to join the meadows surgery, great service from both receptionists, doctors, nurses and other medical professionals, relatively easy to get a f2f appointment and be seen by someone who cared, since they changed to their new ' triaged system ' the practice, service and 121 care they provide has deteriorated immensely, it's become a shadow of the practice it was, and if the surgery manager thinks this is a step forward in patient care they're unfortunately hugely delusional and out of touch!!

Author: jan collis
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Twice in the last month i have used the online service for my mother and i am delighted in the speedy responce i have been given. within half an hour of me filling in details of mothers problem, a physician was walking up the drive. Thankyou very much, your support is always very much appreciated.

Author: Chloe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had a few issues at this doctors it’s not child friendly no toys in the waiting room. It has taken a month to see the gp then to be waiting 40 minutes past my appointment time on the day

Author: Rick
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My mum who recently passed away with Alziemers was unable to access acute care or see a doctor on many occasions. We resulted in driving her to Musgrove Park Hospital Accident and Emergency where she was admitted each time. On three occasions this happened during 2023/2024. This is not a Dementia friendly surgery as they advertise. Just yesterday we were told my elderly father who is 86 and hard of hearing, would no longer be able to book appointments with a doctor at reception, he was told to call at 08.30am in the morning in effect join a queue with everyone else. On several occasions we have tried this but have been unable to get through. The receptionist showed little compassion or kindness and agreed that the system for booking appointments was not satisfactory. The NHS was established in 1948, to provide free health to all. This is no longer the case. It seems only the few will get access to a G.P., first come, first served, survival of the fittest or more able to articulate themselves. Shame on you Meadows Surgery.

Author: Linda Green
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is going from bad to worse. As others have said, some of the receptionists are rude and unhelpful and now, under their new system, these medically untrained individuals will not be booking any appointments but questioning me over my personal issues before progressing my request. Their leaflet says we are excited to be introducing a “total triage” model! I think they should be ashamed - making life more uncertain & difficult at a time when one needs care, kindness and understanding.

Author: Mark M
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Had to go see GP today, complete waste of time, modern GPs have got a pretty focused idea, did not realise that all my pains are in my head, so maybe we should all give up our medications and see how long we last, surgery has seriously gone down the toilet.

Author: R Crouch (Hermitnation)
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Use to be a fantastic surgery but lately has gone down a bit. One of the receptionist is quite rude and unhelpful and trying to do anything via the apps is complete joke. Will be looking for a new practice asap
