Practice: SOMERSET BRIDGE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: L85607
Postcode: TA6 6LD
Google Maps title: Somerset Bridge Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 82
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Somerset+Bridge+Medical+Centre/@51.1143853,-2.9984428,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487209aabb2e9371:0xa609cf53f0fe3289!8m2!3d51.114382!4d-2.9958625!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1spdjt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85607-somerset-bridge-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Alina Rotaru
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Marianne, who works as a nurse here is an absolute angel and worth her weight in gold - thank you very much for everything! And much love to Sally Anne as well.💕 …

Author: Humans Boring World
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They even took their phone number down so you cant even call them. 👏🏼 Good ol tax money spending. …

Author: Yek J
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Let me start by saying the GP’s at this practice are lovely. Unfortunately though, I once received incorrect tests results and unnecessarily took a course of antibiotics. On a separate occasion, I was waiting for the gp to call me and I didn’t receive this even after phoning the reception twice to chase. I never did receive this phone call. I do, however, appreciate the immense pressure that the nhs is under and understand this isn’t the surgery’s fault. After moving to another surgery, I was also told my coil was fitted incorrectly (which I had done at Somerset bridge) - which I then had to have surgically removed. I didn’t have this investigated formerly but thought best to share

Author: Ana Cotelea
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Got an appointment through their online services and in the same day was called to come it at an specific hour. The medic was very polite and listen to all my complaints and told me about my treatment options very easy for me to understand and reassured me what I was doing was right. Happy I registered with them.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
We appreciate you taking the time to provide your feedback.

Author: Smitha Augustine
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst GP surgery I have ever used in the UK, there is no communication between the patients and the staff and they don’t have much idea on how to prioritise an emergency, we never got any appointments when we needed it even when they were urgent.

Author: David Howe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shockingly bad. 😱 you feel there is no communication between the staff and very little info passed to patience. The doctors don't listen and put you on medication without any consultation. Eventually had to go private to get correct diagnosis on a issue, due to constant mis diagnosis. I raised a formal complaint and had a meeting today to talk about things but obviously Doctor not told this and just wanted to push medication. Just a small thing, but if I'm late anywhere I acknowledge this and apologise, nearly 20min late today and not so much as hi how are you today 😱!!!@! Could rant more but enough .

Author: Casandra
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
The reception staff are great, however my experience seeing the Dr's on 2 occasions here they actually had to look on their computer to ask the Internet and give me a print out of what was wrong! I have never had this before and it's not very comforting when your child and yourself on 2 separate visits here the Dr's don't seem to know! We are always told to not Google any symptoms but this is exactly what they done I could had done that myself and it's worrying that a Dr who we often trust with our life nowadays don't seem to have a clue themselves

Author: Mr Beckett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Shocking they keep rejecting medication when it's needed!

Author: Ella Moroney
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Triage staff rude on phone, spoke to me with a vile attitude and hung up on me bc I said ‘sorry I can’t make that time, have you got any other appointments’ When seeing a daughter about an ongoing issue with my daughter, he laughed at her even though she was in pain, told me I was being dramatic and said ‘well it’s not cancer’ when I told him it needed to be investigated further. In the process of moving doctors for me and my family.

Author: Graham Stone
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Graham Stonea year ago
