Practice: CHURCH VIEW MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: L85624
Postcode: TA19 9RX
Google Maps title: Church View Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 21
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Church+View+Medical+Centre/@50.9359666,-2.9612369,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4872748ad90255f7:0xc06e564eb4db436!8m2!3d50.9359632!4d-2.9586566!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1d040g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/L85624-church-view-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: jeremey Corbyn
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
jeremey Corbyna month ago

Author: MelonTusk
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good service but not entirely without issues. Its the old getting past reception that is sometimes a problem (like many other surgeries). I have heart disease (heart attack in 1997 and open heart surgery), raised type 2 diabetes issues , Prostate problems, (weight loss and low appetite and difficulty peeing), high blood pressure and feeling tired all the time and other age related issues. I called to make an appointment for a blood test after a recent health check call from my GP. My cholesterol had risen and my blood pressure was up and my blood sugars were way above what they should be. As a result I called to arrange a blood test. Not so easy as you think. A planned 2minute call to agree an appointment for a single blood test ended up taking almost 15 minutes of discussion whilst raising the ante at the same time. (The receptionist was perfectly polite and remained calm but I came away with even higher blood pressure. It seems I am not entitled to blood tests just like that. I am somewhat restricted and have to wait for a particular time cycle to occur before I am entitled to "another blood test" despite the fact that I have experienced recent noticeable changes with regard to my prostate problems. I offered to pay for the blood tests if needed but my offer was rejected. Finally after much debate we reached agreement when the receptionist proposed passing my request to a GP who will decide whether I am entitled to a blood test or not.. I am not asking them to move mountains but a single blood test to pacify my concerns is surely not beyond the realm of possibility's. Having said this, I am otherwise very satisfied by the level of service and the staffs attention to patient needs with Church View who have up until now come up with the goods when needed without issue. . will treat this as a one off..

Author: Charleigh Cooper
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent surgery, I moved because of issues with previous surgery and Church view have been amazing so far😊 Donna in Dispencery has been particularly helpful and supportive of my recurring prescription needs. …

Author: natasha halls
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really going down hill can't get even a phone call from a doctor for a month ....just been told to call back at 8am even though this has just been scrapped by the government!

Author: Chloe Bryan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Sad to see that it’s gone down hill recently. I used to be able to get appointments easily, often same day or very soon, now it’s a minimum 3 WEEK wait for an appointment which is not good enough.

Author: BrighterdayswithClare
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very friendly, efficient and reliable. Having moved to the area I am very pleasantly surprised. With thanks, Clare.

Author: Steve Pike
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
In today's climate, of everyone being sent to a&e I really can't fault church view, receptionists are polite and listen, and you can still get to see a doctor if needed, yes it's not perfect but far better than a lot of others, well done!

Author: Graham Potts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly staff and prompt excellent service - best doctors I have ever had

Author: Josephine Watson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The expertise, care from every member of staff at Church View Medical Centre is a breath of fresh air. The Receptionists are helpful, and considerate. Dr Cooper showing professionalism with care and understanding, ensuring I felt I was not a number. The Pharmacy is exceedingly helpful. All members of staff look exceedingly smart in their uniforms showing professionalism. Anyone falling into their catchment area will be more than delighted with the excellent service given by everyone, who obviously work as a very coherent team.

Author: Jane Grant
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very impressed with this surgery. Great team who really look after you and work with you. Would highly recommend.
