Practice: SPRING GARDENS GROUP MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M81008
Postcode: WR1 2BS
Google Maps title: Spring Gardens Group Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 99
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Spring+Gardens+Group+Medical+Practice/@52.191755,-2.2190418,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870f0f4ca55049d:0xb8655180dc005d2e!8m2!3d52.1917517!4d-2.2164615!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tknjx07?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M81008-spring-gardens-group-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ranulf Evans
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute inadequacy and incompetence.
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback. Unfortunately we cannot find any record of you being registered with our practice. If you would like to discuss your concerns further, please email hwicb.sgenquiries@nhs.net and provide contact details so that we can look into this for you. With thanks, Spring Gardens Group Medical Practice

Author: patsy sweetland
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Easy to register as a new patient also good document presentation of practice personnel. First impression was excellent. Friendly and helpful reception staff carrying out different tasks competently. Explaining where consultation rooms were to enabling NHS app. Nursing staff also friendly caring and effective in their treatment of a leg injury I feel reassured and happy to have joined this practice
Practice response date: a week ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your kind review. We’re very pleased to hear that your experience as a new patient has been a positive one. Your feedback is greatly appreciated and will be shared with the team. With thanks, Spring Gardens Group Medical Practice

Author: P Haythorn-Woolley
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot speak highly enough of this practice. Online triage system is fantastic, staff are always friendly and helpful. You can get appointments (which is rare elsewhere!) and the aftercare/follow ups actually happen.

Author: Tuân Đỗ
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
attentive service friendly staff

Author: Daniel Somerville
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The nurses are outstanding. The doctors are impossible to reach but seem kind, but its taken years to get dianosis. The reception staff are rude beyond belief. Obstructive. Totally without care or compassion. There is a toxic culture of treating patients as an inconvenience. They have no time for you - except when phoning to tell you off. I was in floods of tears yesterday after being treated so rudely and the receptionist deliberately misrepresented our conversation in her notes. It frankly cruel.

Author: Yashna KP
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I received the medical care I needed at Spring Gardens Group Medical Practice. However, I felt uncomfortable during my consultation with a nurse practitioner due to questions and comments that seemed intrusive and unrelated to my medical concerns. I hope the practice reviews how consultations are conducted to ensure patients feel respected and safe during appointments.

Author: pun kin
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
horrific

Author: Stuart Wiggins
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Medical professionals are currently facing significant challenges. I agree with another reviewer that securing an appointment with a doctor has become nearly impossible. However, I believe the root of this issue is political, rather than a lack of commitment from medical staff. After all, working for the NHS shows their dedication to their profession. However, there are individuals in administrative roles who should not hold their positions. A certain level of commitment is essential, which includes attention to detail, proper education, adherence to legal obligations, and common sense. Like many others, I am frustrated by organizations and institutions that promote their dedication to diversity, inclusion, and equality in theory but fail to provide practical evidence of these values. We must either truly embrace these principles or not. What is the purpose of reasonable adjustments if they exist only on paper? What is the point of having a system flag that "the staff can't see"?

Author: TECHNO BKT
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I like to say a Especial thanks to Doctor Dhami for is professionalism knowledge, experience and care for his patients One of kind, live Angel's existing, saving lives Thanks very much Dr: Dhami 100%+ I very grateful to all the staff at Spring Gardens. Thanks NHS to have Dr: Dhami deserve a NHS Reward as a Doctor. J.F

Author: Brigette Carter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brigette Cartera year ago
