Practice: BELMONT MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M81093
Postcode: HR2 7XT
Google Maps title: Belmont Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Belmont+Medical+Centre/@52.0413703,-2.7421356,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48704a652c5469fd:0xccce4054fa5203c8!8m2!3d52.041367!4d-2.7395553!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tmxd_br?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M81093-belmont-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Margaret Beare
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful. STAFF

Author: Ewa Wlodarczyk
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I can't book appointment after getting test results with on-going. I call everyday and no appointments available.

Author: Ciprian Zuican (Chip)
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited 3 weeks with an infection, just to be sent away by the GP on the reason that they do not give prescription for antibiotics. When I called and made the appointment I did let the receptionist know the reason, but when I got there the GP kept asking for a knee issue that I had no ideea about. Afterwards I got sent out and told to go to a specialist. In 3 weeks a human can die multiple times from infection. When I asked the GP to put down in writing her refusal to provide a prescription she told me to wait 5 minutes at the reception and she will print it there. After 10 minutes of waiting another woman came to me (clinic manager) and told me that the GP I seen earlier has complained that she is scared now because I have threatened her. Seriously? For asking very calmly to provide a paper where she acknowledges her refusal to provide medical care. From my knowledge that is called medical negligence. At the end the GP did put on my file in writing the fact that I was aggressive towards her when I asked a prescription for an more than evident mouth infection. She didn't even looked at me, what to say about a consultation...all I heard is please wait at the reception for 5 minutes tops and you will get your paper there. Not even that. A severe infection in close proximity to the to a vital organ should be a medical emergency, but after 3 weeks of waiting, risking my life giving the fact that it was an infection in close proximity to the soft side part of the head, meaning it could get to the brain in any given time, they're reaction was to make me feel guilty and ashamed because I politely asked for 15 capsules of Amoxacilin 500mg. My thoughts are that the GP (if it was GP) had no ideea what she was doing. I was a qualified nurse and I worked in E.R. Hospital and I have seen a lot, including incompetent doctors, but this is at least the 4th time I am put in the situation where I know more than a doctor does. I AM NOT RECOMMENDING BELMONT MEDICAL CENTRE HEREFORD. Do not attempt to treat yourself or with advice from the Internet or AI. Visit a GP, Taurus, doctor or nurse at ER. Go to ER ONLY IF IT'S AN REAL EMERGENCY AND NOT FOR ANY bearable pain. Please call the Emergency line in case of chest pain, lack of air, lack of breathing, but please Do Not Abuse the Emergency lines or ER if it's not a real emergency. In the end I was respectful and polite, despite the incompetence and rudnes.

Author: Lisa Francis-Camden
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wow amazing filled in an online form and within 10 minutes I was speaking to a doctor who I could understand and medication was issued .Well done Belmont ,credit where it’s due .

Author: agemjourney
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful all round. Do not recommend at all. Terrible attitudes to patients, obstructive with care. Not enough doctors.

Author: BJ PAGE
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
BJ PAGELocal Guide · 40 reviews · 4 photos6 months ago

Author: Judy emery
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
My 2 stars are for the stress & difficulties in trying to get an appointment! Knowing that appointments were allocated at 1000hrs that morning, I was logged on! At 1001hrs there was ONE appointment left, I took it, I filled in my reasons for wanting the appointment, by the time I finished that and pressed next --THE APPOINTMENT WAS UNAVAILABLE!!! WHAAT?? The day before I had spoken with a receptionist & had explained how I wanted an appointment yet everytime I logged on there were never any appointments available! She told me to try at 10am, which is exactly what I did! This isn't a first for me, it's such a silly appointment system, and I agree that there is little empathy from receptionist- when one wants to see a Doctor is because , generally they are not well!!! The whole process is very frustrating, but my reasons for staying with the surgery is because, once I get to see a Doctor I really like them! Hence the 2 stars 🌟 🌟- for the Doctor! The booking system has to change!!

Author: Wayne
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist are rude and don’t listen to you or have any understanding. Trying to get anywhere with the surgery is frustrating and takes so long to get appointments too

Author: Frequent Traveller
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Frequent TravellerLocal Guide · 148 reviews · 9 photos8 months ago

Author: Colin Price
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Colin PriceLocal Guide · 101 reviews · 21 photos9 months ago
