Practice: WARGRAVE HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: M81066
Postcode: HR1 2JB
Google Maps title: Wargrave House Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wargrave+House+Surgery/@52.0554083,-2.7149251,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48704a364aa1b159:0xc00347d58b4478a1!8m2!3d52.055405!4d-2.7123448!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg6v3tx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M81066-wargrave-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richard Evans
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Possibly the worst doctor's surgery in the UK. The receptionists are like prison officers, the attitude that they have is unbelievable, and if you want to actually see a doctor, forget it. They insist that you book an online appointment which is also impossible given that when you have done so, the surgery then proceeds to ignore your request. This surgery is actually claiming money from the government for each patient that they refuse to see, which in any other circumstance would be considered fraud.

Author: Kathy George
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since I have recently changed to this surgery I have received excellent service. Nothing too much trouble and any examinations or test very prompt, no waiting if urgent

Author: Lesley Nash
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lesley Nash5 months ago

Author: Sam Hogg
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sam Hogg7 reviews · 2 photos6 months ago

Author: Milly
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionists. If you're unhappy in your job and can not provide good customer/patient service. Please leave. Clearly, patient facing is not for some of you on reception! Manners and understanding cost nothing.

Author: Claire Collins
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible practice. No support on getting home from 8 days in ICU and 2 days on a ward after emergency life saving surgery. No post op follow up despite my asking after about 20 days at home I became very ill. No Dr would see me for 5 days!! Offered f a phone call with someone who wasn’t a Dr. Took myself to A and E and was told I was close to kidney failure. Another week in hospital. And despite asking to speak to a Dr have heard from no one. Absolutely useless. I don’t know if the Drs even go into the practice or work from their holiday homes around the world. Only 2 patients allowed in the waiting room at a time. A few years ago there would be at least a dozen all day long. And when I was in the waiting room before going to A and E and begging to see someone I asked if people who came into the waiting room if they were seeing a Dr. All said no, nurses or physio. The most workshy bunch of doctors ever

Author: Anna Davey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been at this surgery all my life. But in recent years since covid I have never had a problem getting an appointment until then. Recently I have tried their online booking system to get in an appointment and it would not work I was always getting someone will contact you within three working days. I'm sorry that's not good enough. No matter how urgent it is or how an urgent it is people deserve to get an appointment with the doctor. The receptionists don't really listen to you they just want you off the phone as quick as possible. You can hear them laughing and joking and not really listening to what you're saying on the phone. When she asked what was wrong I told her and she said oh we don't do that here. Sorry but what I needed is what you do there I need a doctor. I say go back to the way it used to be and bring back the best receptionist wargrave ever had Roz. She was the best always had time to listen to the patient and always pointed them in the right direction.

Author: Matt Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery used to be very good. But over the past couple of years it’s sunk. Doctors are stretched and the appointments you make, if you get chance are never on time. These people need new management as the current isn’t holding what the public expect.

Author: Chlo Strickland
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
There have been two incidents regarding wargrave that have left me feeling really disappointed and unheard so I feel I’ve been left with no option but to leave a review to make others aware of this particular surgery. I understand how understaffed and underpaid the NHS are however being blatantly rude and dismissive to patients and completely disregarding there problems is not okay. My most recent issue has involved Dr Jones and after reading some other reviews on here it’s made me realise I’m not the only one to have experienced the lack of care from this particular doctor. After numerous tries and failed attempts to book an appointment all I received was a text message regarding my problem and I wasn’t even given the courtesy of a phone call. I don’t like to leave bad reviews however this is just a message to the surgery to please do better for the sake of patients and yourselves.

Author: sam dudley
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always book an appointment online, and it works well. I don’t wait long before a doctor rings you back, I find the doctors very Helpful and understanding especially DR Claire Jones. She always listens and sorts my appointments out on the phone and is she is very understanding. My bloods are arranged at the surgery on time and Andrea Phillips is excellent informative and very professional. Caroline Dudley
