Practice: LEDBURY HEALTH PARTNERSHIP
Canonical code: M81012
Postcode: HR8 2AQ
Google Maps title: Ledbury Market Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 25
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ledbury+Market+Surgery/@52.0362146,-2.4284023,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870548b23dc3e51:0x9d2e826b5063c8ce!8m2!3d52.0362113!4d-2.425822!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v_nbyxk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M81012-ledbury-health-partnership.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zee C
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Lovely staff, always helpful.. They always sort emergency situations out very professionally..

Author: Elaine Kerr
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Impossible to contact anyone. Long waits for appointment

Author: Esme Finch
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could leave a lower review I would. We unfortunately visited the surgery whilst on holiday after being triaged there by 111. We called the surgery the morning we visited advising we were on holiday and needed to register as a temporary resident as my mother needed to see a GP. When we turned up at the surgery we were given a triage form to complete and my mother was considered eligible for an urgent appointment with a GP. Unfortunately the reception forgot to give us the temporary patient form so we spent a total of 6 hours trying to get my mother an appointment with the GP being sent around in circles and constantly blamed for the way they were handling it, all the while the day was one of the hottest of the year and my mother was suffering from an increasingly painful migraine. The receptionist Jane was very unhelpful and very defensive. Pencil pusher mentality. She lied to us about closing time and made out that a telephone call with a dr who was actually physically in the surgery at the time was all the surgery could offer as the dr would be staying after hours and the dr was being incredibly generous. Jane told us closing time was 18.00pm repeatedly when infact it was 18.30pm. The fact this was offered when the surgery had been told repeatedly that my mother needed a blood pressure test throughout the day as she’d been advised this by 111 was completely poor practice. Jane continually tried to shove us to a&e as there are no walk in centres in the area and at one point we were told to go back to our gp practice some 3 hours drive away! I’ve never come across more uncaring and incompetent nhs staff!!! After threatening to complain to the NHS my mother was eventually given a face to face appointment with a trainee gp at 18.20pm (we were still expecting a phone call with the dr when the trainee gp came out to the waiting room and called my mother’s name). This appointment was carried out within surgery hours although the reception staff continued to say otherwise and made us feel generally unwelcome and a nuisance. Our visit to the surgery didn’t resolve the issue we went in with as my mums BP reading when it was finally taken was inaccurate due to the stress of it all, the pain she was in at that point and the temperature of the day. THAT is the result of the poor care here. My mother eventually was seen by another, very caring GP practice who diagnosed the issue very quickly as a Sinus infection that this GP surgery completely missed due to their incompetence. I hate to think what could have happened had we not looked elsewhere for assistance. A simple antibiotic prescription has started to work on my mother’s infection and her general condition has improved. The poor reviews here really are warranted. The attitude taken towards my mother and I throughout the day was appalling and the surgery’s general management and approach of the entire process was sloppy! For a place that is meant to provide ‘health care’ and for it be so abysmal, it warrants inspection.

Author: Scott Newman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
At this point its easier just to roll the dice on the illess not killing you then to ask for help from this lot.

Author: Ben Jackson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I know that LHP are overstretched. This is due to lack of resources and the massive growth in Ledbury’s population which is not matched with a proportionate increase in funding. But I have always found all staff, from reception to the GP’s themselves, to be polite and caring. I would prefer to have to negotiate a little bit of confusion with systems and online processes, as long as the quality of treatment when it happens is good. And in LHP’s case it is. Particular thanks for to Doctors Bullivant and Moon, and to Jason the physio. Your care is much appreciated.

Author: Fiona Yates
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
LHP relies upon a glitchy online system for ordering repeat prescriptions that does not always function. Not for the first time, after several tries and one unhelpful message, I emailed them asking for urgent assistance. The rude, indiscreet and extraordinarily unprofessional Practice Manager referred my perfectly civil email to two non-medical persons BOTH outside the practice, directly criticising me! She is SO incompetent that she COPIED her email - containing inappropriate and baseless remarks about me - STRAIGHT TO ME - and was caught in the act! This left me wondering, not for the first time, just how "secure" a patient's personal information really is. Co-incidentally I was due at the practice for a routine procedure the same morning. I set out in good time, but on the way was interrupted repeatedly by 4 consecutive calls from the Head of Practice, apparently attempting to intercept me, "undo the damage done" or prevent my complaint going public. Stopping my car each time to check who was calling made me a few minutes late for my appointment and I found I could not check in using the screen. Four other patients were already queuing for attention at a reception manned by a single female. She was in LOUD conversation with a couple and it would have been rude to interrupt so I waited my turn. Her voice was SO loud that the packed waiting room could scarcely avoid hearing the patients' private and personal business. When my turn finally came I was LOUDLY and publicly "ticked off" by her for NOT queue barging! As instructed, I waited patiently for a long time while she went away to ask if I could still be seen and I was eventually given a later appointment, obliging me to interrupt my afternoon's work as well and return to town. I have often sat uncomplaining in the waiting room, long past my appointment time for a routine procedure that takes just 2 minutes to perform. But apparently that does not count. I did as I was bidden, returning in the afternoon. The Head of Practice was FULLY aware that I was there on both occasions, but chose not to approach. As I drove away the second time I was AGAIN assailed by repeated telephone calls. Tuesday's experience came on top of my existing disquiet about standards of care at LHP, which are also raising concern amongst staff at Hereford Hospital. As an older person who has seldom been any burden on the NHS I have been shocked by the dismissive and patronising attitude of doctors and staff alike. They no longer enjoy exclusive access to accurate medical information - thanks to Google - which has evaporated a great deal of the "medical mystique" they used to enjoy. Patients are now in a position to better understand their own conditions and take more control over their health. The profession would do well to recognise this and stop treating patients like mushrooms. I get the impression that anyone over the age of 60 is regarded by them as mentally deficient and, judging by other reviews on this page, I am not the only one who feels this. UPDATE: This week they advised me to make an appointment online using the NHS app. COMPLETE FAIL. Having registered (a tedious process), I tried to use the appointment system and found it malfunctioning. Wasted almost 3 hours of my life trying and even got my partner to try too - same experience. So, since phoning the practice for an appointment is also a tedious process, it is back to driving into Ledbury, paying to park, and standing in a queue to try to make an appointment in person, while a whole room-full of waiting strangers listen in...........

Author: K Santos
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Needed to submit enquiry online- only to find they have switched off online enquires by 3pm on a weekday and only advice is to contact 111. This is a bit frustrating but otherwise have had good service from the GP.

Author: WENDY wiggins
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
WENDY wiggins1 review10 months ago

Author: Timur Vaskin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I liked it!

Author: Caroline Edwards
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't speak highly enough of this practice. Following 2 major operations in the past 2 years, everyone I've come into contact with, doctors reception and nurses have been friendly and supportive. I know they face challenges in these uncertain times but I think they manage amazingly well. Thank you.
