Practice: CRABBS CROSS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M81616
Postcode: B97 5JX
Google Maps title: Crabbs Cross Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 60
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Crabbs+Cross+Surgery/@52.2818277,-1.9452423,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCRABBS+CROSS+MEDICAL+CENTRE+B97+5JX!3m8!1s0x4870c1eaa03f69d1:0xdce7105ba5352c80!8m2!3d52.2816756!4d-1.9425503!9m1!1b1!15sCiNDUkFCQlMgQ1JPU1MgTUVESUNBTCBDRU5UUkUgQjk3IDVKWFolIiNjcmFiYnMgY3Jvc3MgbWVkaWNhbCBjZW50cmUgYjk3IDVqeJIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmljmgEkQ2hkRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVVJsTkdWeVZuZFJSUkFC4AEA-gEECAAQLg!16s%2Fg%2F1hc204zv6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M81616-crabbs-cross-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Georgia
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible receptionist on the end of the phone. No care nor helpfulness at all. Been with this surgery for a long time & never known a place to make your life so difficult, rude & want you off the end of the phone asap

Author: Dave Hitchens
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTED REFUSED TO GIVE ME A LETTER CONFIRMING MY CUURENT HEALTH FOR A COURT CASE TO SEE MY DAUGHTER

Author: Miss Sanders
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m really unsure why this surgery has such bad reviews. The reception manager is wonderful (lady with curly hair) if you’ve any issues she is best to speak with she’s reassuring too. When I had an issue last year & the consultant rejected a referral (because of covid) the surgery were quick to resend a referral & get me seen. People complain they are unable to get appointments but that must be rubbish as I’m always able to get through, perhaps they are not calling early enough. Unfortunately I’m their best customer, I seem to have all sorts wrong with me, but the surgery always get me what I want or need. I have been with other surgeries within Redditch before & been misdiagnosed & ignored. Things I’m still dealing with now. Through covid it’s been hard for all doctors & the nhs, but Crabbs Cross Surgery have maintained their ability to look after their patients. If anything is a miss they’ll sort it. I’m really very picky about medical things, negligence, competence, safety etc & I genuinely don’t feel anything to worry about. The doctors & particularly the practice staff are very personal & make you feel welcome. Definitely a new feeling like years ago when you knew your gp. They are human unlike some surgeries where you feel you are talking to a computer. ~~~~~~~~ How things change.. this review was 4 years ago. And I’ve put up and shut up for 4 years. Things have changed, staff have left. Reception manager and practice manager changed. Negligence. Neglect. Gas lighting. If you respect your mental wellbeing I’d say avoid this surgery. They have zero respect for patients or their illnesses. If you are unlucky enough or have more than one issue like I do, it must be that you are a crazy. Crohns and colitis are apparently anxiety and physical skin issues are also anxiety. Dry eye and hearing loss also anxiety. Now I do not blame the doctors themselves. The male doctors are perfectly fine, it’s getting through ‘procedure’ to see them. You can see a doctor for Wednesday told to come back if worsens but then unable to get any help. You are told you are awkward or it isn’t worse by people who say that they are making decisions but medically untrained. You go round the houses, told or go to a&e, told to attend minor injuries, told to see a pharmacy all of whom refer you back to your GP only to receive the same message. Rude, obnoxious and offensive messages from certain staff. Complaints fallen on deaf ears. Daily important repeat prescription requests rejected for no reason. Cancelled appointment last minute which are booked upon doctors requests. She. Urgent tho gs such as infection crop up, although immune suppressed expected or wait a number of days until an upcoming appointment rather than move appointment closer. Risking serious infection. Referred to pharmacy to refuses to treat due to immune suppression. When pregnancy was an issue and becoming pregnant could cause serious heath issues surgery refused to test for pregnancy. 3 years to find out I had a hiatus hernia as apparently the symptoms I’ve NAGGED about over and over for 5 years are normal. Certain pain or complications or symptoms are tested for one thing then told it was negative all ok. No investigation, must be anxiety, which of course eventually makes you believe you must be mad. This is just a snippet of my very long and tiresome experience with this god awful surgery. Because I do have a number of issues, although immune suppressed I am told to do an online triage which they then ignore..

Author: Amanda Acton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would give 0 if review allowed. Very poor GP surgery, have now moved. Always offered telephone appointments. Missed appendicitis, I was 12 weeks post baby and was told the pain is likely to have been from my c section. Only when I went to A&E I was advised it was appendicitis, having being prescribed antibiotics incase my c section scar was infected that same morning. Reception Staff used to be so friendly, in recent months I’ve found them rude and rushing to get you off the phone.

Author: Claire J
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give a 0 I would. I didn't realise how bad this practice was until I left. They aren't really bothered about getting to the bottom of any of your concerns, they don't want to see you face to face and its fairly hard to get appointments. No one calls about results, you have to chase to get a response. Reception team are lovely and can only do what they can. But having moved practice I'm shocked at what service should be like and sorry Crabbs Cross is no where near the level they should be.

Author: Abbie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Two of my family members had cancer symptoms that were repeatedly missed. Despite clear warning signs, they were misdiagnosed and given the wrong medication for months. If the correct tests had been carried out sooner, they would still be here today. They should have been referred within weeks, but one waited months and the other over a year before being properly investigated. By then, it was too late—the cancer had already spread.

Author: Josh Gray
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would rate 0 if I could. Rude reception staff. Doctors who resemble robots and refuse to investigate health issues, they just advise 'lifestyle changes' even though those lifestyle changes they recommend were completed over 3 years ago. Absolute disgrace to the nhs.

Author: Brenda Lynch
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently had an injection in my knee for arthritis. It is absolutely brilliant. No idea how long it lasts but it’s so so good. The injection didn’t hurt at all the doctor was super. Wonderful!!!!

Author: Hannah Lowe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly wish I could give more stars - this surgery is amazing with incredibly helpful doctors, nurses and receptionists who will always try to help in whatever way they can. The online form is fantastic as an alternative to waiting on hold at 8:30 which just isn't possible for me due to my job. Absolutely great GP

Author: Kamran Gill
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic GP practice. The reception staff are always friendly and professional despite challenging working conditions. Over the last few visits, my wife and I have had appointments with three separate doctors, the nurse and phone appointments with the pharmacist. Every single interaction has been extremely thorough and professional, resulting in either correct diagnosis, prescription medication or onward referral for specialist investigation/treatment. Yes on occasions you are required to wait, however working in healthcare myself I know first hand how difficult it can be. Px’s present with a myriad of different conditions which often require more time than is allocated for the appointments. This often results in delays, this is a well known issue in the NHS. Despite all the difficulties the surgery faces the whole team should be commended for the dedication and professionalism they show.
