Practice: DAWLEY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M82009
Postcode: TF4 2AA
Google Maps title: Dawley Medical Practices
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dawley+Medical+Practices/@52.6644887,-2.4688303,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48707f7028de4225:0x800ad05103609a34!8m2!3d52.6644855!4d-2.46625!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcv0w9_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M82009-dawley-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Claire Millett
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Totally appalling and if I could give minus stars o would, I gave up trying to see a doctor a while ago, because if you would actually get to speak to someone it was always kumar who says he’s a doctor but is a pharmacist, but today my daughter phoned up asked to see a doctor, as my grandson who is 16 months born without an anus and 1 kidney that isn’t very good and has NF1 isn’t very well so she asked to see a doctor, due to him being sick and not very well , only to be told she would receive a call at 2pm , so we wasn’t going to wait till then, and I really don’t understand how they can check his kidney function and diagnosis on the phone ! Anyway took him to a&e who took blood and did a thorough check , came out when they were finally happy? To then receive a call off the doctors , well I mean nurse! I genuinely am at a loss to how you can get to see a doctor, if my grandson who is under a few hospitals and a few consultants can’t get to see one , who can,

Author: Kiera
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Kiera3 weeks ago New

Author: Black Raven
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling attitude of the reception staff!!! Mind you this is not the first time the receptionist acted like she’s doing you a favour by even picking the phone up! This time the appalling attitude and lack of compassion was taken to another level when my elderly relative called in to book an appointment only to be told that there are no slots and to go online. When my relative tried to explain that she cannot do so given her age and poor eyesight and would need assistance and doesn’t mind waiting for a later appointment in a couple of weeks time, the receptionist repeated that ’that’s the procedure’ and slammed the phoned down! I’m absolutely appalled at the lever of service of this receptionist. Given that she’s working in a medical practice and meets elderly and frail people on a daily basis this behaviour is absolutely unacceptable. If the practice is recording all calls for training purposes then it’s time to use them for training or to verify their recruitment standards. Safe to say we will be switching to a different practice. We all had enough of the rude and abrupt staff as the face of a place which should be welcoming and understanding.

Author: Eva Tano-Yeboah
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Professional, helpful, friendly, exceptional practice.

Author: Paula Fletcher
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Paula Fletcher1 review3 months ago

Author: pippa
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Camreon and sofie did amazing with my autistic son having his first filling they. Camreon explained every step and sofie was there to support thankyou

Author: Julie Phillips
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had Awa and Ellie today for my hygiene dental. Very friendly and professional and explained everything to me. I would definitely recommend.

Author: Mónika Süveges
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mónika Süveges1 review8 months ago

Author: Steve Wardrobe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can’t fault Dawley Medical Practice at all. The team are nice and friendly, the doctors and nurses are informative and very polite. The receptionists are epic at using the NHS app, which I use everyday to check appointments etc. it’s such a pity that most of the hospitals and other medical departments of the NHS haven’t embraced the use of the NHS app instead of still using the old snail mail letter delivery? I have asked hospitals and clinics why they don’t use the NHS app, only to be told “Oh we haven’t been given the rights to access it” that doesn’t make sense at all, seeing as all the hospitals and clinics are under the same NHS umbrella, what gives? I still can’t praise Dawley Medical high enough though since being with them for last 5 odd years. I could of made a drastic mistake (thank god I didn’t) by going with the outfit called TELDOC, who of what I’ve been told by many people, couldn’t tell the difference from a arse and an elbow, let alone actually admit they can’t cope with their terrible system they have in place!

Author: Mohammad Kamal Chowdury
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Mohammad Kamal Chowdury8 months ago
