Practice: SEVERN FIELDS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M82032
Postcode: SY1 4RQ
Google Maps title: Severn Fields Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 214
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Severn+Fields+Medical+Practice/@52.7280509,-2.7244789,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487a9e9c59fd48f3:0xfba3f22ebeaefb25!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a9c24340dde6d:0xc6a67052c8c685d4!8m2!3d52.7280477!4d-2.7218986!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pp2txvh1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M82032-severn-fields-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Samantha Puddle
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Hi Severnfields are not very good doctors at all.

Author: Harry and Sheila King
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was thoroughly impressed and happy with my appointment this week with Dr Agyei. She was both very professional and very reassuring. I came away feeling that I was seen and listened to as a person …and that she had done everything possible to explore and address my problems. I was also seen promptly , which must be very difficult when delivering that degree of care. Thank you !

Author: J Sweet
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Over many years, my family and I have consistently received excellent care, and it has been disappointing to read some of the recent negative comments which don’t reflect our experience at all. The reception staff have always been polite, efficient and genuinely helpful. They do their best within the constraints they’re working under, and it’s only fair to acknowledge that appointments cannot be offered if there are none available. We don’t contact the surgery unless we genuinely need to, and whenever we have done so, the medical professionals we’ve encountered have been exceptional—kind, professional and thorough. I’ve also found the new online service to work well and to be a helpful addition to accessing care. In my view, the surgery is an asset to the community, and I felt it was important to share our appreciation and thanks for the ongoing hard work of the whole team.

Author: David Preece
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have just used the e consult system and it is brilliant. I received a reply within the hour and a prescription had already been sent to my designated pharmacy. Can't get any better than that. Excellent thank you.

Author: shaun nicholls
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
shaun nichollsLocal Guide · 83 reviews · 2 photos2 months ago

Author: Esmae griffiths
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ihave now left this practice, it is unfit for purpose, there is 1 decent receptionist but she has been known to lie. Dr Hunter why are you even a doctor, chronic pain brought on by exercise tells you hes with a group of doctors that believe tablets are no hood and to exercise. Manager is a joke young inexperienced and just.defends her staff. Off to ombudsman delayed treatment caused further problems

Author: Joanna Simkins
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would not recommend this GP practice. I have had many issues with getting appointments, having referrals actioned and with admin processes. I did not find the complaints procedure at this surgery helpful and I have now moved to a different GP practice.

Author: paul rye
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience with Dr. Paul as my GP, has been excellent. She is very understanding, great empathy and very helpful when it comes to realising my needs for certain medications.A wonderful GP that i am fortunate to have. Regards. PAUL RYE

Author: Nick
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A true reflection of the poor management of surgeries across the country. Report below national average per 1000 and still can't allow access to appointments and within a reasonable time frame. A few Doctors there have an appalling attitude and bedside manners, one in particular is Dr Paul. She looks so depressed, blames everything on mental wellbeing or weight, refuses to even hear or consider questions about further investigation surrounding issues that have gone on for years, with no interest in helping the person she sees. The admin staff have the worse attitude of all. They clearly let people know of poor behaviour won't be accepted on the telephone line and within the surgery, but often times they speak so poorly to you, with condescending tones and with an attitude like they are doing you a favour not that they should be there to service their community. So many relations and friends have been fobbed off for years at this surgery and to mention a couple, one was fobbed off over 2 telephone appointments and pictures sent for that person the following day self admitted themselves to hospital, to a day later family was called in to do the 'say goodbye' visit. He thankfully and miraculously survived. Another, was presenting certain symptoms over a year, eventually after a hospital visit, these common precursors that were ignored by this practice, turned out to be Ovarian Cancer. There are quite a few more. Complaints have been made but CQC and PALS are more interested in protecting their own than the quality of care for its community.

Author: Russell Frost
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Russell FrostLocal Guide · 183 reviews · 118 photos4 months ago
