Practice: SHIFNAL & PRIORSLEE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M82038
Postcode: TF11 8DD
Google Maps title: Shifnal & Priorslee Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Shifnal+%26+Priorslee+Medical+Practice/@52.6862329,-2.4149958,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sSHIFNAL+%26+PRIORSLEE+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+TF11+8DD!3m8!1s0x487081648a137d2b:0xeab644e11f9dab7!8m2!3d52.67469!4d-2.3720469!9m1!1b1!15sCi1TSElGTkFMICYgUFJJT1JTTEVFIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgVEYxMSA4RERaLyItc2hpZm5hbCAmIHByaW9yc2xlZSBtZWRpY2FsIHByYWN0aWNlIHRmMTEgOGRkkgEGZG9jdG9ymgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5UVVJuYTNaTWRFcEJFQUXgAQD6AQQIYBA-!16s%2Fg%2F11ks2njnvw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M82038-shifnal-and-priorslee-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stuart
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors ever known I have surgery upcoming while waiting been getting pain thats unbearable 5 days straight I was trying to see a doctor every time i got a txt message saying cant help and to attend utc so i attend utc and they say attend your local gp if pain starts again i explain i cant get in as keep being fobed off there is a certain doctor also wont mention his name who is arrogant and rude i have put a complaint with icb never in my life have I been in pain and had to keep calling 111 what this practice keeps saying to do and go to different places out of hours doctor or utc to get pain relief

Author: Painting by Paul
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
By far the worst medical practice we as a family have ever encountered. Two huge mistakes in one week dealing with the health & illness of a 1 year old. And to cap it off, I’ve just spoken to one of the rudest telephone operatives and she couldn’t care less of the mistakes when trying to sort one of them. The fancy building is a mirage.

Author: Stuart Steel
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Literally not fit for purpose - Health CoPilot rarely works, appointments are practically impossible to book either online or by phone, and hold times are regularly 30 minutes or more with long queues just to be told "sorry, try again tomorrow". Lovely building though, so mission accomplished I guess? Pats on backs all round; it will stay pristine at this rate.

Author: Nata Li
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m very happy, everything was professional. I saw an eye doctor, a pleasant and intelligent gentleman who examined my eyes and carried out a full check-up!

Author: Dorothy Parker
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They have built a medical centre in Shifnal that must have cost £millions and there is no one in it. No doctors, (well I didn’t see one) no patients, no nurses just a receptionist and a filing clerk. Around 8.30 - 9 pm I phoned up for a prescription and the message said I was 17th in the queue but as an alternative, I could fill in a form online. I did both I press the button for a callback, and I filled the form in online. I received a message back to say they would be in touch with me with in 3 days. That is not a joke - that is actually the truth. (I know we don’t pay for the national health service but ‘christ’ you wouldn’t would you?) I decided to visit the surgery in person and the receptionist managed to Fast-track me and promised a call sometime that day. In the meantime I went to boots the chemist to try and help myself. The pharmacist there couldn’t help me And said I had to speak to the doctor. I went home to await the promised call which I did get. I gave my symptoms and was told I could collect a prescription at Boots the chemist in Shifnal that day. 12-30- 1pm I made my way back to Boots To collect the prescription but there was no prescription there. I then made my second trip to the surgery And asked the receptionist where the prescription was. She was very pleased to tell me that yes they had got the prescription ready and It was just waiting for the doctor to put his ‘finger on the button’. ‘’The exact phrase’ This was 45 minutes after the call when it was prescribed. Apparently The person I had spoken to was not qualified to give prescriptions it needed to be authorised by a proper doctor. That’s fine I only had a minor ailment but I did have a problem with My prescription waiting for A proper doctor to put his ‘finger on the button’ - and I Had no intention of moving until he had. The Receptionist disappeared and I still don’t know if there were any doctors there or not, but someone Pressed the button and say the prescription was sent to Boots. Around 1.30pm I walked out with my medication but not without a great deal of effort on my part. Who does manage these people? The medical centre in Shifnal is a total, absolute waste of money. National health service - sadly - ‘is broken’.

Author: Andrew Wise
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I previously wrote its the worse surgery around, I still have a low opinion of the place but maybe it's not the worst surgery in town. If you happy using the triage pathway or health care pilot however you would like to refer to it, then you will get attended to, don't hold your luck you will seen probably just a call maybe from a GP maybe advanced practitioner or a nurse. I suppose it's better than nothing. Personally I'd prefer to see a GP face to face a regular one, for consistency, like the good old days. Fat chance of that here. Calling at 8am, is pot luck, long cues or blocked up. Your best with the health pilot online, but don't expect to much but atleast your needs will be met in some way

Author: Bonni Oseland
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give zero if I could. When you actually get to see a doctor and don't get fobbed off with a phone call, then they are good, specially the advanced practitioner. The co-pilot system offers zero person centered care and instead you have to tell a computer your problems and choose from tick boxes which often doesnt suit. Never felt so unlistened too. Cannot get through to anyone at reception, takes at least 2 hours.....even when there is only 6 people in the queue. No notes are taken notice of when requesting a repeat prescription, just ignored....which again you can't speak to a human about, you have to do it online. Often get sent to the wrong surgery for appointments as they have a sister surgery. Communication is very poor, appointments system very poor, person centered care very poor. All resulting in me having to go to the surgery in person with any queries so that i can actually speak to a human.....this has proven very difficult with a new born baby. Not user friendly at all.

Author: kirsty briscoe
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang 111 last Wednesday got told to attend A&E urgent care given medication that isn't working rang the medical practice today filled out a co piolet form to receive a text saying I'd have to wait 10 days for a routine appointment rang back stressed to the reception I can't wait that long to speak to a doctor about my issue got told if it's that bad go to A&E

Author: Joan Wilson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Matt Ware for the way he treated Percy, our son and myself two weeks ago. He dealt with the situation with dignity and was so supported. Matt you are an asset to Shifnal and Prioslee mp.

Author: Dani
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception staff very friendly, we had a problem with a prescription at Boots Pharmacy and the doctors practice sorted our problem within minutes 😊 …
