Practice: CHURCH STRETTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M82008
Postcode: SY6 6BL
Google Maps title: Church Stretton Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 20
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Church+Stretton+Medical+Practice/@52.5378582,-2.8084313,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48700d2b959542d3:0x96172f95d83eba67!8m2!3d52.537855!4d-2.805851!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdwpjcs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M82008-church-stretton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anonymous
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to say what wonderful care I have received at this practice. Dr Bennett is so very kind and knowledgeable. He always has time to discuss your concerns and to look for solutions. The nurses and reception staff are all also caring and compassionate. I am full of praise for this practice, thank you all.
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for your kind feedback. We’re delighted to hear you’ve received wonderful care from Dr Bennett and that our nurses and reception team have supported you with compassion. We truly appreciate you taking the time to share your experience and praise.

Author: Catherine Bradburn
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have never had a bad experience with this practice. Always manage to get an appointment, receptionists are much friendlier than other practices, and I always feel listened too by the GP especially Dr Chamberlain who always makes me feel like she is listening and takes me seriously. Fabulous GP surgery

Author: Jack Peters
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Edit - The GP has resorted to threats in order to attempt to silence any formal complaints. Absolutely disgusting behaviour. ---Dismissive. Rude. Unprofessional. It is unfortunate this is the only GP in Church Stretton. Complaints have been ignored. Consistently screw up prescriptions. Even after going to A&E, seeing specialists, etc. and getting diagnosed with various conditions. The staff at this practice have a god complex and believe that they know everything and only they can be right.

Author: Jon S
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling practice, not a great place to be registered if you have a serious life limiting illness! My mother is a 88yr old dementia patient under their care (I use the term care very lightly) 3mths ago they gave her incorrect medication which caused her significant deterioration of her condition and refused to send a Dr out to see her as "her deterioration is down to her illness" It's amazing how a Dr can come to that conclusion without seeing the patient....... Today we have seen a further significant deterioration and a Dr was supposed to come out and see her, but contacted family back to say they are "too busy" to come out and assess her. So they just leave her without any care, consideration or dignity. This practice is going from bad to worse, letter being prepared for the MPs office to answer some questions for the family how they can be so callous and uncaring.

Author: Alison Ryan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alison Ryan2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Lottie Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling treatment and care. My partner has now contracted an incurable disease and church stretton medical practice never treated it properly or even diagnosed it after having almost weekly appointments FOR 6 MONTHS (which he was made to feel like he was being a nuisance). He has now been to craven arms medical practice once and has been fully medicated and diagnosed properly. Do NOT register with this surgery. LESS THAN INADEQUATE CARE

Author: Carole Murphy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Having been really poorly these past 3 weeks l can only applaud the quick, positive action taken by the medical staff, nurses and doctors of the surgery in particular. Thank you

Author: Laura JP
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Generally always slow (unless you're elderly as they always seem to go right through), doctors are friendly enough when you see them but I've had 3 separate prescriptions they have forgot to send through to the pharmacy with little to no apology, leaving pharmacy to sort it for me thankfully but more stress for them.

Author: John Woolmer
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to commend and thank the receptionists at the Practice, along with the nurses, for their help and kindnesses over the years. Sometimes maligned for brusqueness, I have found them to be caring and sympathetic, professional and helpful. Thank you again!

Author: Sarah Clarke
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sarah ClarkeLocal Guide · 15 reviews2 years ago
