Practice: BRIDGNORTH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M82004
Postcode: WV16 4EN
Google Maps title: Bridgnorth Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bridgnorth+Medical+Practice/@52.5379353,-2.4254987,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48707d1267eec95d:0x7b5df9e21d1241b!8m2!3d52.5379321!4d-2.4229184!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf35d0k?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M82004-bridgnorth-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zoe Shackleton
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless booking system . Appointment available on app apparently not available on my app. Unable to book appointment unless it is for highley practice or for bloods.

Author: rainbowkid100
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Doctors are all wonderful! Reception is always friendly and helpful. I’ve never had an issue booking a routine appointment. Call back service is super helpful.

Author: Iwona Zembko
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst surgery ever! Avoid if you can. They will try to do everything they can not to see you. They knowledge is below any standard and they have zero empathy.

Author: sandra Hall
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just phoned the Doctors for help with a presciption for a 93 year old house bound lady who has destroyed her last precibtion slip, i cannot get to the doctors till the first week in january and have no slip to post through a box. This lady is now without vital tablets and they have refused to help even when i said just this time. Hope she does not end up in hospital. This practice is just diabolical at the moment no one cares. if you have a choice do not register here

Author: Emma Stevenson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Diabolical booking system, practically impossible to get an appointment when you have a normal 9-5 job and don’t have the luxury of sitting on hold for over an hour to try to speak to someone. Yes they offer a ring back service, half the time they don’t ring you back and when you ring again you’re put back to the end of the queue. Appointments on the app so scarce and go within 3-4 minutes, every time you click on what appears to be an appointment it says ‘sorry no longer available’ and when you refresh there’s none left. Been shocked at the services and availability here since I moved to Bridgnorth 7 years ago. Currently 40 weeks pregnant and need a routine appointment, tried 4 times this week and nothing, just told to go to urgent care. Don’t think driving and sitting in urgent care for hours is quite appropriate considering the circumstances, yet that’s all they ever suggest.

Author: Kate
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Called this morning and was given an appointment for 9.30 (same day). I seen very promptly by the GP, who was extremely kind, compassionate and helpful. Excellent service.

Author: Caroline King
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently put a compliant against Bridgnorth Doctors in regards to their prescription process. Whilst I was pregnant, I was high risk with gestational diabetes. I need desperate medical equipment to manage this. The hospital contacted Bridgnorth surgery about this several times even.it took them nearly a month to get me medical equipment. I was fobed off by the reception staff as well and made to feel I was at fault. After a lengthy complaint, it's been upheld and it turns out, my prescription, managed by a PCN, had NOT been signed off at all and left. They've now been sacked from the surgery. Since, I've had my son who has had a hard start to life with illnesses. Thankfully, he is NOT under Bridgnorth surgery as i dread to think with their negligence. They're disgusting. Glad to be rid of them.

Author: Judy Comer
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I saw Sister Wendy Hinton at Northgate Medical Practice today for a health review. She was really efficient and very pleasant I hate having my blood pressure taken but despite "White Coat Syndrome" it was virtually normal. So thanks for putting me so much at ease

Author: Stephen
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went to the doctors today with severe back pain.. I was given an appointment with a young Dr Barrow.. Well i have to say he was the most attentive thorough professional doctor that I have seen in a very long time... He listened, asked pertinent questions and he came up with a proper action plan going forward... I looked on my nhs app after the appointment and his write up of my consultation was very conscientious.. If only all experiences at the practice were the same you'd have all 5 star reviews... Receptionist was lovey too I must say... We'll done, there's a big dose of genuine praise for you...

Author: Danielle Gardner
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Came in for an appointment on 18/07 and was welcomed by a rude lady on reception. I checked in on the screen which was successful, it just didn’t tell me which room to head towards. I went to ask on reception where I needed to go and the lady simply told me she was busy and in the middle of something on her computer, couldn’t even look up at me. I then went to the other desk where the other lady was extremely helpful and polite. I understand they are very busy but simple manners shouldn’t be too much to ask for.
