Practice: WELLINGTON MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M82039
Postcode: TF1 1PZ
Google Maps title: Wellington Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 272
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wellington+Medical+Practice/@52.7000593,-2.5191252,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWELLINGTON+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+TF1+1PZ!3m8!1s0x48707ebfb16059bf:0xf687b098077783ff!8m2!3d52.7000593!4d-2.5143616!9m1!1b1!15sCiNXRUxMSU5HVE9OIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgVEYxIDFQWlolIiN3ZWxsaW5ndG9uIG1lZGljYWwgcHJhY3RpY2UgdGYxIDFwepIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2VudGVymgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVU52WjFsMWRHTlJFQUXgAQD6AQQIABA5!16s%2Fg%2F1tdlb4db?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M82039-wellington-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Scott 178
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
⭐☆☆☆☆ I have been a patient here for several years and in that time I have had two referrals rejected. Not because my case wasn't serious enough — but because the doctor apparently wrote the referral on the back of a receipt while thinking about something else. The doctor listened carefully with one ear while the other ear appeared to be on a short break. The referral that followed contained approximately none of what was discussed. I understand the NHS is under pressure. I understand doctors are busy. What I don't understand is how a referral letter can be written about a patient without appearing to mention the patient. Two referrals. Two rejections. One ear in, one ear out.“I only got my referrals because I complained relentlessly — practically had to fight every step of the way. Wellington Medical Practice — Save The NHS Money. Terrible place if you plan on living long. Avoid at all costs. If you enjoy being a medical mystery that nobody is particularly interested in solving, this is the practice for you. ⭐☆☆☆☆ — would not recommend. Zero stars if the option existed.

Author: John Wilson
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I made an appointment request at 8.10 this morning. Within an hour I had received a telephone call giving me an appointment with a GP at 11.50. I received a thorough assessment from Dr Ajaja. I was prescribed antibiotics, and left the building at 12.30 carrying the medication - just over 4 hours from submitting the request. This is outstanding service.

Author: Bethan Hughes
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
As someone who has a phobia of doctors I can say the 5 stars is well deserved. The dealings I've had with all staff (reception, doctors, nurses) has been so lovely and reassuring.

Author: Robert John Wall
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Tried to get my wife's scan results no human but an ai assistant it was useless couldn't get my name right asked for my phone number five times with 90 second gaps waste of space

Author: Elvira Hilton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to email surgery can't get through at All. Now my online portal is saying blocked?????? Anybody know why this has come up

Author: Andrea H
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been with this practice since the GP down at the PRH closed and I was automatically transferred here. But in the last couple of years it has gone downhill - it had a terrible reputation when I joined but I felt better looked after then. In the last 2 years I have had an 18 month wait for a referral to cardiology - which was done wrong after not being done at all. And it had become abundantly clear this last fortnight that they are not open to supporting their patients, as a carer I've had more support for me from my mum's GP than this bunch of careless clowns. Becky, I hope you enjoy the review. I'll be filling in forms to move to Teldoc today.

Author: WK
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wish I could leave 0 stars. This has been the worst calls I've had to make to the surgery. The staff that took my call who's name I believe is "Willtie" as she was not prenoucing it clearly, she was so rude and kept going silent after I was speaking to her, at one point she hung up on me. Her English was not clear at all , there were dogs barking in the background and she was telling her kids to move the dog. I'm really perplexed why dogs and kids are in the background, it's clear she was working from home. She threatened to block my number if a call again. She is the worst staff member at Wellington Medical Practice that I've had to engage with. My valuable taxes are wasted on this staff member and this surgery.

Author: J C
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Abysmal surgery and uncaring customer service.

Author: toni montana
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waste your time going there. Unprofessional and bored people. Shame on you. Pay your wages for doing nothing.

Author: Dhi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful service! My daughter is younger than 6 months old so I cannot fill in an E consult form. When I questioned this as everyone seems to advise to fill in a form, I was told it was due to them being under 6 months they get an appointment same day. I have called to book an appointment 24 hrs ago, they filled in an e-consult form and I sent pictures across as requested. But still 24 hrs later no clinician has even looked at the form and Simon Little the clinician does not care. He literally has admitted he is aware of the form and the illness but hasn’t been arsed to book an appointment in.
