Practice: WOLSTANTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M83056
Postcode: ST5 8BN
Google Maps title: Wolstanton Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wolstanton+Medical+Centre/@53.0313855,-2.2201137,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a42af282013ff:0x9e80085c90da3a1d!8m2!3d53.0313823!4d-2.2175334!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdlgtwq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83056-wolstanton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sam Smith
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I spoke to a lovely lady on reception Marie. She went Above and Beyond to help my son who's struggling with his Anxiety & Mental Health she Listened & I felt marie wanted to help us & for this im Truly Grateful 🙏 Thank you Marie. Very much Appreciated you lovely lady❤️ Xxxx Ive ALWAYS found This Surgery Wonderful Peter he's another WONDERFUL Doctor. I feel ALL Staff are AMAZING. I Feel they genuinely Care about us patients & they try to do the Best for us patient's. Truly Grateful 😊

Author: Peter Jones
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am 82 and have been with them for many years. They have always taken very good care of me. I would recommend them to others.

Author: Stewart J
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great medical centre. Very professional and friendly doctors and other staff.

Author: Michael
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered at this practice for over 30 years. Over the past couple of years the practice has made significant improvement. I find that both reception and medical staff are excellent. I don't request a particular doctor as I have been impressed by the different ones I have seen. I am lucky that the practice is as it is, professional and certainly recommend this practice., I have full trust in them. If you have any doubts or questions when visiting any of the staff, just ask, they will help. I went for advice regarding recurrent back pain and this resulted in me being referred for physio which helped but also prudently sent for blood tests which showed I had prostrate cancer. I don't mind sharing this as it is a compliment to the quality of the service provided, without which I would be in dire straits. I feel comfortable to discuss issues with the the staff, including reception which listen to issues and are not stubborn gate keepers, they will help you where they can. Full respect to Dr Edwards, Dr Cottrell and all the staff

Author: Nicola O'Shaughnessy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best doctors practice! Nothing is ever too much trouble for them! Dr Edwards especially is just incredible! Can’t recommend this place enough! Thank you

Author: Hols Bols
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with wolstanton medical centre for around 2 years and honestly, they've been fab. The front desk staff are fab, on the phone and in person and I've always managed to get an appointment on the day I've needed one. The doctors I've seen have always been lovely/and proactive when it comes to referrals/follow up appointments etc. I cant fault my experience so far 😊

Author: Amy X
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting manor of the reception staff very obstructive and seem to not want to help I think a lot of doctors in this practice are in the wrong profession which reflects from the health car in which you receive. No care for patients and the well-being of the customers even when dealing with important cases such as mothers with unborn babies. I have had to change doctors l due to the poor communication and which could of resulted in serious illness of a baby if this was not picked up it took me going to a different doctors for this to be alerted. By far the worst doctors I’ve been to not competent at all won’t let me put 0 stars….

Author: Patricia Dickson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Unfortunately I have harboured negative feelings about this GP Practice over the last few years due to unhelpful receptionists, lack of doctors/appointments and experiences of having to see a nurse who doesn't know anything about rashes or burns and scalds - although two were excellent and helpful. What a breath of fresh air it was recently to speak to a polite, helpful and sympathetic receptionist, get a prompt and actual appointment with a doctor, who was lovely, friendly and so efficient. My faith has been absolutely restored. Thank you Wolstanton Medical Centre for such an amazing improvement - now I won't have to rely on Dr Google, spend a fortune on internet-suggested remedies and suffer for months rather than pick up the telephone. Absolutely amazing.

Author: anna henczak
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
anna henczaka year ago

Author: Steph Cotton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Edwards is brilliant, Dr Cotterill, Dr Davy, Dr Tipu are too, there will be others i havent encountered yet...so hard working, caring, understanding and diligent health professionals, as are the Nursing & support staff and especially Elita. Receptionists vastly improved, and kind considering the difficult position they are often in. Kindness is key...for we never know the struggles in other people's lives. Kindness is contagious...pass it on.x
