Practice: HEDNESFORD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M83033
Postcode: WS12 4DJ
Google Maps title: Hednesford Medical Practice: Hednesford Valley Health Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 152
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hednesford+Medical+Practice:+Hednesford+Valley+Health+Centre/@52.7107258,-2.0043972,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHEDNESFORD+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+WS12+4DJ!3m8!1s0x487a0acccbb48753:0xfb4ad74695eaec51!8m2!3d52.7107555!4d-2.0019027!9m1!1b1!15sCiRIRURORVNGT1JEIE1FRElDQUwgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgV1MxMiA0REpaJiIkaGVkbmVzZm9yZCBtZWRpY2FsIHByYWN0aWNlIHdzMTIgNGRqkgEZZmFtaWx5X3ByYWN0aWNlX3BoeXNpY2lhbpoBRENpOURRVWxSUVVOdlpFTm9kSGxqUmpsdlQyNUdiRTR5V2xCWlZYTXhVbTVTUjFKVlZtcFJWMmhxWlVob05scElZeEFC4AEA-gEFCNQBEBY!16s%2Fg%2F1tjmd5rk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83033-hednesford-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Allan Fisher
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service

Author: Brian Rowley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service just lately. I have a ulcerative Colitis 3 years ago i was put on a certain medication by my IBD team at New Cross Hospital to keep it under control last month the doctor from this surgery cancelled it. Had to ring up explain that it was imperative that I get it. Was advised yesterday to ring up at 8am to book a telephone appointment for a referral and cancel next week's appointment for a face to face the lady I spoke to would not fully listen before I could even say to her to cancel next week's appointment she said OK that's booked and hung up. So then I had to ring up again explain everything again to cancel next week's appointment

Author: Deborah Tipper
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Excellent first appointment after taking my prescription in and asking for an appointment - same day 👌 The paramedic yesterday & physiotherapist today both welcoming & thorough. Receptionists great on both days. No long waiting times. Thank you …

Author: Michelle Harrison
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went into the doctors at 8 am yesterday 11/11/25 and was told there were no appointments to see my doctor ( Don’t know who my doctor is cause I’ve never seen him since doctor Murrigan left) why at 8am have all the appointments gone ? I would have a phone call between 9 and 1 I just want to say that twice within 2 days I was promised a phone call And guess what I had no phone call just a text ant 3 pm 11/11/25 to say they tried to ring but they didn’t ring I want to talk to a doctor so why wouldnt I answer my phone so again someone is lying (and it’s not me ) It’s very hard work and can be very upsetting when your feeling poorly but no one gives a hoot .

Author: Kelly Jasper
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
All I can say, is this GP practice is shocking, Dr called to argue with me regards to my daughters mental health which was yet another wasted appointment. Severe anxiety which gp put minor, her severe acne which was put down as minor, then calls to argue with me, just for displaying the truth! Last Thursday I had an appointment which I had a text message to get to the drs and they never booked me in correctly and told me id have to call them to make another appointment. Where are all these drs duty of care, its little to none, well ive changed gp practice now, because you get no where with them at all! No duty of care, rushed appointments, that practice needs shutting down!

Author: Hednesford Childs
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP and practice ever. Impossible to get through. When you get through the care navigators take the info. They try and ring you back and you miss the call. Then starts the merry-go-round of trying to get through again. I need the GP for a lady with dementia not 111 or an emergency sick of it.. you replied as a practice 4 years after this review on 7th October 2025. My mother in law was very poorly treated by your practice in 2020. She passed away in 2022. RIP.
Practice response date: Edited 5 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review. Firstly I would like to say how sorry we are you feel the care provided has not met your expectations. The practice is committed to providing a high standard of care to our patients and we would like the opportunity to address your review with you.

Author: Leandra Laing
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wouldn't bother to register here.

Author: Lakhbir Kalirai
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good place

Author: Lauren Howells
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely diabolical this place it months been trying to sort a problem then put a block on a certain useless arrogant doctor who didnt bother to talk about problems to then snap and put the phone down to then phone back asking about finishing my appointment with a different doctor due to my appointment not being finished before the doctor put the phone down to get told no have to make another appointment, said doctor didnt do the prescription said he would so had ti request again to have to wait 3 days for this to be done again, then to phone again for new appointment with a different doctor to then discover my appointment had been changed from the doctor i had made the appointment with to the doctor that has a block on to then phone ip to be told they cannot change it and to either deal with it or cancel it. This isnt even the start with this place family members have been neglected here also resulting in amputations and heart attacks. The office staff are incompetent there is a specific one that will arrogantly demand you put urgent requests in the box to be left for 2 days for medication for someone on life saving treatment. The whole place needs shutting down if they dont sort it out. Was absolutely amazing when it was chandra never a problem but these days i have no words to explain. If your thinking of joining this practice i wouldnt bother i would go elsewhere unless you want to be neglected.

Author: Susan Stanway
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Used to be brilliant dr but unfortunately standards have dropped ! Booked myself for bloods and nurse couldn’t draw blood and left me with bad bruises, she booked me in for following day but I was so badly bruised I rebooked for following week , when I rang for time on the day they said I wasn’t booked in ! So now have to wait 3 weeks , I need to change dr asap
