Practice: ORCHARD SURGERY
Canonical code: M83038
Postcode: ST6 8HY
Google Maps title: Orchard Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Orchard+Surgery/@53.0643336,-2.1650163,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a424c30324597:0x55565901db19add2!8m2!3d53.0643304!4d-2.162436!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdpfqkt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83038-orchard-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Catherine
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the care (or lack of care) provided by Orchard Surgery. I contacted the receptionist to request a home visit for my 90-year-old mother, who is on end-of-life care. She was in severe pain, extremely agitated, and experiencing hallucinations. Despite explaining the urgency and her condition, a home visit was refused. I was told that all visits for the day had already been completed and that there was supposedly only one doctor in the surgery. I asked to speak directly to a GP due to the seriousness of my mother’s condition, but this request was also refused. At a time when compassion and clinical judgement were desperately needed, I felt completely let down. Leaving a vulnerable, elderly patient in such distress without support is unacceptable, and I am deeply upset by how this situation was handled.

Author: Malgorzata Bryla
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Malgorzata Bryla3 reviews6 months ago

Author: Julie Talbot
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
After being sent up to A&E for the third time again over the weekend I've tried to make an appointment with a doctor again today only to be told I need to ring at 8am to be triaged and then get an appointment , I don't need an appointment straight away just a routine one but it's impossible to just make any form of appointment with the system that the surgery uses, please please get this system changed because it just isn't working my husband also needss a routine appointment for a ongoing problem but again needs to be triaged, it's just so unnecessary just make an appointment for god's sake it shouldn't be this difficult.

Author: Sue walton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My 19 year old son is registered with Orchard Surgery (as is the whole family) he has had all his vaccines, childhood checks etc done at this practice. He now needs a medical form filling in, just a basic form, height, weight, blood pressure etc nothing complicated so he took the form into the receptionist. A week later we had heard nothing so I phoned to be told it had gone to admin. I phoned for the next 3 days to be told it had gone back to the doctor. On day 11 I phoned to be told the doctor won’t sign it, when I asked why I was told it’s his choice if he signs forms or if he doesn’t. I went to the surgery to collect the form back again and asked what the problem was. I was told I would have to pay privately. I said I don’t have any issue paying for the service but as the surgery have all my son’s medical records since the day he was born it would only be a five min job as not a detailed form. Again I was told the doctor has said he is not filling in the form. The patients in the waiting room were rolling their eyes and shaking their heads and couldn’t believe what they were hearing - it was a total disgrace and I am not blaming the receptionists as I think they were actually quite embarrassed about the situation . So I am now taking him to a practice who have no idea who he is or his medical history to complete the form - crazy 🤪

Author: Andy Lawton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Orchard Surgery for their response to my needs to see a doctor. The quickness of the triage nurse in calling me back on my request to see someone, thank you 😊. Also the quick and availability to see the physiotherapist at short notice. Again thank you for the follow up appointments on my request to see the doctor you are always been so obliging. All through Covid days before and after, you guys have never failed me. I hear some terrible stories of people including my parents that have suffered to the neglect of trying to see a Doctor at their own practices. Some other surgery’s I know keep you holding on the phone for a long time only to be timed out and then cuts you off, but Orchard had never once done that, thank you😍. Orchard Surgery has never allowed out side issues (like Covid) to affect their caring professionalism and service they just get on with it.👏👏👏👍💪❤️Well Done and Thank you best wishes Andrew.

Author: Chantelle Norcup
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I put my 11 week old son prescription in last Monday and still to be told that it’s not been done, Friday came and she said it’s in basket for them! Week later apparently his fell out the basket Friday night! And been today Wednesday to be told still not be signed by doctor and there nothing can do and can’t get a an appointment with the doctor!!

Author: Megan Keeling
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I was with this doctors for around 7/8 months and all I kept getting from them was we will send you for blood tests too see what us wrong rather than then actually listening too me, I have now moved to a different GP surgery and they have looked at my blood tests from 3 months ago and have told me I had high infection markers then, I was made aware of this by this GP however at the time they never acted on this. They do not listen too you when you are trying too tell them your problems and they just send you away for blood tests each time and don't investigate things when things don't come back normal. They couldn't give a single care about patients well been 9 out of 10 times your appointment is late.

Author: Scott Dunn
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best doctor you will ever be in and the receptionist are very helpful and cheerful and polite

Author: Sylvia Carville
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nothing but praise for the practice during lockdown and up to present day

Author: Kerry Varadi
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctor Goodman and all the Doctors and Nurses are very good at this surgery.
