Practice: HEATH HAYES HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M83129
Postcode: WS12 3TG
Google Maps title: Heath Hayes Health Centre
Google rating: 1.6
Google review count: 85
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Heath+Hayes+Health+Centre/@52.6916187,-1.988914,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a0aaa511fbac3:0xbc6462d66459e67d!8m2!3d52.6916155!4d-1.9863337!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wd3vl7y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83129-heath-hayes-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Joseph Colley
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been to this doctors today for the third time for the same condition, their recommendation today was to try the same thing for a third time that hasn’t worked the last two times!!! Last time this happened for a seperate issue around five years ago, having been told to come back in two weeks, three times I ended up paying to go private where I was diagnosed within five minutes! If I could leave 0 stars I would!!!

Author: Rob Ebrey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Asked to bring own dressing to change at the doctors for burns . Can never get through on the phone at any time of the day . Always running behind . Worst “health centre” ive ever seen

Author: Rachael Priddle
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I completed the triage form for a non urgent issue and got an appointment within a week. When I have needed a same day appointment, they got me in for a blood test. Couldn’t fault the care I received as I was sorted out quickly. Whilst I understand people don’t like using the NHS App, I have found it easy to use and to get my repeat medication. It is a shame that the pharmacies have closed, which puts pressure on Bains, but I always get sorted - even with an urgent appointment, I have been seen the same day.

Author: Charlotte Walsgrove
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just spent an 1 hour on hold for them to tell me no appointments call 111.

Author: Maureen Gough
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Put prescription in on monday tried to collect Wednesday (not sent) went to surgery and told them, said they would send it priority. Went to collect on Friday (not sent), again went to surgery and was told would send it as priority. Not in Saturday. Went to collect Monday morning some items not there as no deliveries over the weekend. Finally ready 8 days on, only to discover some items that should have come as two packs have one missing each. Have had 4 days without medication. What a shambles this practice is.

Author: TheClap
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst doctors I’ve ever used — utterly incompetent. They all need to lose their jobs because they can’t get a single thing right. Every time I order a repeat prescription, it’s never done, so I have to call them up every time. It’s the same for my family members, and I constantly hear people at the desk complaining about the same issue. Then they go and reduce your medication by massive amounts when anyone with half a brain cell knows it’s meant to be done gradually. To top it off, I had an appointment for bloods, and when I got there, I was told they couldn’t take them because the nurse hadn’t put down what the bloods were meant to be taken for.

Author: Arsalan Qasimi
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Arsalan Qasimi2 reviews · 7 photos9 months ago

Author: Emma Hinton
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
been ringing and ringing for days to speak to them, wait in the que as per, get to the front finally after waiting 40 mins for that, then have to wait another hour on call for someone to actually pick the phone up to Which no one does absolute joke! Swear they just sit there staring at the phones ringing cause its absolutely impossible to get through to them!

Author: Jon Wedge
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called this surgery to arrange an appointment for my granddaughter and was placed in a queue,I used the call back option and eventually received a return call two and a half hours later. I was then informed that the first available appointment was on May the 29th which was in 22 days time ! Furthermore I was informed by the receptionist that if I needed medical assistance prior to this date I could always take my 12 yr old granddaughter to a drop in centre which is miles away . They refused to allow me to bring her into the practice later that afternoon or evening and wait there until a doctor was free . Overall the service I experienced with this surgery fell way below the standard I expected and was extremely disappointing

Author: Jenny Simms
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionist. Phoned the practice to hear the message I’m 6th in the queue. Decided to go to the surgery instead, and can hear phones ringing while the 3 members of staff are talking. The one receptionist acted like I was an inconvenience. Needed to change my appointment sure to work but can only provide me with appointments during the time I’m at work. As the ‘face’ of the surgery she was very off putting. Rudest receptionist at the surgery so far
