Practice: ADDERLEY GREEN SURGERY
Canonical code: M83661
Postcode: ST3 1EQ
Google Maps title: Adderley Green Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Adderley+Green+Surgery/@52.9919435,-2.1377579,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a6989b0ef99f9:0xd29ce769fee73d24!8m2!3d52.9919403!4d-2.1351776!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11r97jpfp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83661-adderley-green-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Diane Harp
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with The Practice for almost 9 years and I could not ask for better Doctors. I have a tremendous amount of support here The Practice Manager is always there for me to talk to. Scripts are always on time and as I have complex needs I can always get an appointment on the same day when necessary. I would highly recommend them. They dedicate the first 2 hours of the day to appointments only so ring before 10.30. It Is a very good system.

Author: kimberley “Kk” deakin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went in this morning as my daughters carer to pick something up young girl behind desk did not say one word to me to welcome me she stood there I told her what I was here to pick up ... she asked for first line of address then passed me form and shut the window ...I said thankyou .... I told her she was rude...overly nice to the oap in front!!! ... young plump girl glasses shoulder length hair ...learn some manners!!!!! Shouldn't have a job in customer service not a chance!!! Bearing in mind I've ast managed for ten years I wouldn't be employing her!!!!

Author: Be proud Of yourself
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Muninah lady that is in reception see people with disgustin face and that woman blocked to get access to clinician . Yesterday I got the worst experience in this place with my prescriptions. Receptionist very nasty and unapropiate speak with paciente. I think that if they don’t like help people then they should looking for another job. They ommited important information to pacient, they don’t care people.

Author: Maria Mariñas
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Second time with a very bad experience with the same person a receptionist in adderley green surgery. Maybe I should to explain this situation to cqc

Author: Zozo Tommo
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
would never recommend to my worst enemy , better going to hospital than asking these for help , what I’ve had to more than most as they’ve not help with one problem since I signed up , condescending tone and attitude from staff to cancel appointments without telling you or gaslighting you that they never existed , so many training doctors they don’t have a clue

Author: Natalie Edge
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trouble with appointments all the time and the receptionist could do with a shake up I bet her and her family don’t use the same doctors. Looking down the reviews this receptionist has upset a few people with the way she handles things, also had a lot of appointments when iv had to wait 40 mins past my appointment time this place need more staff instead of spreading staff around 3 surgeries, and to top it off all the receptionist has to says don’t no what say or suggest apart from try getting a new doctors really professional that

Author: P.J
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Using Google maps to get here on foot, was an absolute mare. It sent me here, there & everywhere. The walk was estimated to take 14 minutes. I'm no novice when it comes to walking, but following google, it took me almost an hour. Never again, I'll go the longer, but easier way thank you. I didn't know what to expect when I got there, as it was my first visit to register, as I'm new to the area. But I was pleasantly surprised at how clean,open & spacious the place is. The staff are extremely helpful, and advised me well, they gave me a clipboard to lean on. They are really informative & friendly, Jeanette was the lady who dealt with my enquiry, she was great. And explained the process of registering step by step. Even gave me directions to get back, that were a 1000% easier than Google maps.

Author: Tim Perry
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So I ring them up to ask for help as I tried to kill my self was told that I cant get a appointment 1 up to a month the reception staff are so rubbish that ask you alot of questions which is non of there bisnes Ie asking people what medication and why is it not helping you ... that is not you job you have no training for medication you are just a receptionist so start acting like it or get the old staff back 😉 😀

Author: Nadim
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nadim4 reviews7 months ago

Author: laura Mansfield-perry
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would not recommend at all. Turned up for an appointment, doctor was running behind. I was then told doctor would ring me as I was unable to continue waiting. Receptionist rang me 3 hours later saying doctor had gone and it needed to be in person then stated any doctor could see me and over the phone. Awful experience
