Practice: MILEHOUSE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M83697
Postcode: ST5 9GA
Google Maps title: MILEHOUSE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 61
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/MILEHOUSE+MEDICAL+PRACTICE/@53.0217813,-2.2439466,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487a67f7711543eb:0x185a3a4ce9f7ed51!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a686254bda687:0xcbcf75abab6d166f!8m2!3d53.0217781!4d-2.2413663!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th48y7d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83697-milehouse-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Melika Ahmed
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a very good experience at Mile house practice, everyone was very welcoming and helpful starting from the receptionist, medical student and the doctor himself.

Author: victoria metcalfe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have a medically complex child who needs multiple medications. Ive never in my life known a GP surgery so bad a repeat prescriptions. In the last 2 weeks alone they have 'not received letter from hospital about her new medication' only to suddenly find it when I chase them and hospital all morning, they then wrote the prescription wrong twice! Took nearly a week from letter being sent to actually getting medication, luckily the pharmacy had been chasing drs for me and ordered a few bits of the prescription ready for when they had it. This still resulted in my child not having the correct medication for 4 days!. I then put a normal repeat prescription in for 3 items on Thursday. Went to chemist Saturday to pick up prescription and apparently on 1 item was sent through. Rang doctors Monday to chase only to be told that they dont do them all at once. Make that make sense!!🤦‍♀️ they had on Monday sent another item but I still had to ask for the other one. I ordered within plenty of time for chemist to receive and order what my child needs firstly before she ran out and secondly before christmas. They finally sent prescription late Monday so now im in the position of my child has ran out of medication again! And we don't know if they can get it before Christmas!!! Because of their negligence my child may end up in hospital over christmas/new year as that will be the only place I can get her medication. Will be looking for new doctors in the new year so my child os SAFE!!

Author: Brian Lau
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting service, ignorant and not at all helpful. Never improved for years.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Are you actually registered at this practice ?? Please contact practice admin if you are registered here and have concerns .

Author: Christopher Hollins
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you Laura Lee nurse ,very informative, very professional

Author: Jane Moss
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really nice atmosphere. Receptionists are very friendly and the building is very nice on 2 levels

Author: Teodora Marinete
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They are very helpful

Author: terence jones
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good

Author: Parvaiz Akhtar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this practice for many years, and I can confidently say that the staff at Mile House Surgery are absolutely amazing! They are always friendly, welcoming, and ready to help, greeting everyone with a smile and treating patients with the utmost respect. From the receptionists, who always provide a warm and professional welcome, to the nurses, who ensure patients feel comfortable and well cared for, the entire team is exceptional. A special mention to Dr. Hussain and Dr. Omar, who consistently provide outstanding care, demonstrating compassion, professionalism, and a genuine commitment to patient well-being. The surgery itself is spotlessly clean, maintaining high standards of hygiene and organization. It is clear that the team truly cares about their patients and goes above and beyond to create a supportive and reassuring environment. I highly recommend this surgery for their excellent service, outstanding care, and dedication to patient health! 👏✨

Author: Manzur Rahman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always found very helpful doctors and staff. All very friendly, excellent, keep it up

Author: Moghees Mir
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at this practice for many years and have always received excellent care from the entire team, from the reception staff to the nurses and both Dr. Hussain and Dr. Omar. Recently, I encountered a medical issue, and the team went above and beyond to ensure I was well taken care of.
