Practice: TUNSTALL PRIMARY CARE CENTRE
Canonical code: M83650
Postcode: ST6 6BE
Google Maps title: Tunstall Primary Care GP Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 136
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tunstall+Primary+Care+GP+Practice/@53.0581575,-2.2084846,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a42c2b42de5a9:0xe7b5ff1eb3d39cd6!8m2!3d53.0581543!4d-2.2059043!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hfdv8k0d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.75
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83650-tunstall-primary-care-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nathan Stone
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nathan Stone2 months ago

Author: theresa tyler
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception and doctors are amazing and helped me so much at fitting me in etc thank u

Author: Theresa Tyler
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing all staff helped me through a lot including receptionist there amazing can not do enough for you thank you for making me feel welcome and nothing being too big or small x
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
Good Afternoon Miss Tyler Thank you for taking the time to share positive feedback, we really do appreciate it. We are delighted you have been made to feel welcome. I will be sure to pass your kind words onto the whole team. Kind regards Tunstall Primary Care

Author: Georgiana Apostol
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Today has been the 3rd time I have phoned for an appointment, where I have specified I need it to be on Tunstal and not the other location as my 2 little ones are sick. Been told everything was sorted and when my partner went to Tunstal the appointment was made for Packmore. The call centre agents should pay more attention as not everyone have cars to go to Packmore or money to spend on Taxi. That location is 90 min away from our house. Last week had same problem and booked directly at Tunstal at reception for a depo injection. When I arrived, again "wrong location".

Author: David Egerton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
David EgertonLocal Guide · 190 reviews · 701 photos4 months ago

Author: Mole 96
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Open till 6:30 but stop caring after 5 I guess, been 1st in queue since I called an hour ago and still no answer

Author: chloe brown
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was really happy with how I was treated until I left and looked at my blood plan. They put me down for bloods to check for diabetes. Wouldn't care too much if this wasn't the 3rd time a doctors looked at me and just decided I must have diabetes. My bloods last time came with healthy cholesterol levels and the only issue I have is a racing heart which I've had for YEARS, no other symptoms. Irks me to no end that this is immediately what doctors jump to. I'm not doing the bloods, thank you for assuming.

Author: Bukola Makinde
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have always have bad experience with their customer service. They respond like they are been forced to their job. Imagine I called this morning first she said is there is no appointment without hearing from me. She said a lot of people on the queue she then hunged up on me. That’s unprofessional.

Author: Elizabeth Rawlinson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After failing to get an appointment with the GP for my 1 year old son I was advised by a receptionist to call 111. Following the assessment the service booked me a phone consultation with them on Friday 12th September. That phone consultation never happened. And still over a week later not one GP has chased or followed through with the referral despite being told by the receptionist that my son was on the list and the GP will ring before the surgery closes. Your GP's have a duty of care for your patients and are supposed to act on information received which was not the case. There is no other word to describe this other than negligence.

Author: Donna Billington
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have a weekly prescription that is predated for 6 weeks. EVERY time it comes up for renewal there is a problem & I'm chasing after it ALL day on the day of renewal despite requesting it multiple times before it's due!! It's frustrating 😒 I've also made numerous complaints to the practise manager who NEVER replies to these. I honestly don't know what else to do and I dread the renewal coming up each time! What their problem is I honestly DONT know 😕
Practice response date: 6 months ago
Practice response:
Good Afternoon Your comments have been passed to the pharmacist to discuss during your scheduled review. … More
