Practice: TRI-LINKS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M83693
Postcode: B77 3BZ
Google Maps title: Tri-links Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tri-links+Medical+Practice/@52.6350363,-1.6662161,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870abc778fdf32d:0x19d66211e1a02b2!8m2!3d52.6350331!4d-1.6636358!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxqd0sb0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M83693-tri-links-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ivana Gemzova
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have seen DR Shah in Belgrave surgery recently, suffering with sinus infection and cold/flu like symptoms that kept coming back week after week for last few months, each time worse. After I explained my symptoms, he looked at me like I’m making it up, when I said I get breathless he said it’s normal for people to get breathless when they run or go up the stairs, when I said it keeps coming back he said it’s winter and it’s common for people to get sick ( I had no idea). So I went back home with no medication and no advice of what to do, I’ve been told to come back if it gets worse. The next day I woke up with a high temperature and proper ill. Quite disappointed with the way he made me feel, usually I’m very happy with the Dr’s at Tri-link Practice. Unfortunately this time it was a waste of time people in pharmacy would help me more.

Author: Parker Kent
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do no go to the practice I was left without diagnosis or treatment for nearly ten years which lead to my health dramatically declining I recommend Aldgate medical practise. Tri link do not help what so ever.

Author: Richard Lucas
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ive been a patient there for 25 years. It used to be great now you have to fill out an on line application to get an appointment that takes up 72 hours to get one and then might still be weeks away. Mental health care is non existent, blood test results turning up 3 months later, menopause issues are a joke and the receptionists are so rude

Author: Luke Haralambous
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent GP surgery

Author: Humdeep Singh
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Humdeep SinghLocal Guide · 36 reviews · 105 photosa year ago

Author: alice Summers
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling behavour i was told i could not have my assistance dog in a appointment because it is a sterial enviroment however its the law she can go anywhere with me and its illegal to refuse acess to a assitance dog user

Author: Karen Fleming
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been a patient at this practice for 16 years and I am so glad I am. I have been lucky and enjoyed good health up to about 4 years ago. I have been off work since September with severe arthritis pain due to bone on bone in knee and hip complicated by Spondylitis in my spine this was complicated by stress and anxiety due to a lot of external factors. Trilinks is a training practice so newly trained doctors come and go and it was Dr Mosabbeh who initially helped me when I first became ill. He arranged for urgent referral for my arthritis, counselling, sick notes etc and spent time talking with me to understand what was going on and to ensure I received the correct ongoing treatment....lovely man who I have no doubt will be an excellent GP. Since then I have received excellent support and help from the doctors and some of the reception/ practice team. Had a bit of a blip when my first operation was unexpectedly cancelled and I spent 2 weeks trying to get a new referral but once he knew what was going on, Dr Singhu soon sorted it out. My sincere thanks goes to everyone at the practice and all of the doctors there. It's always easy to criticise but Dr Singhu gives newly trained doctors the much needed opportunities to get general practice experience and he runs an excellent practice. They have been instrumental in my recovery to go back to work. I should imagine not many people know it's a training practice and the turnover of doctors can be annoying BUT my advice would be to be patient , make sure you explain exactly what your issue is and they will sort it.

Author: Cain “Seraphim” Tetsuo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service, if you have the audacity to expect that prescriptions are issued on time and complain when they aren't you get dropped as a patient. Avoid at all costs.

Author: rachel fleetwood
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this practice for over 20 years. They have always had time for me when I need an appointment. My husband joined here too and has had the same respect and help. Only once have I not been able to get an appointment for my son.

Author: Tanya Newman
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Don’t get me wrong the doctors are really good and that’s the only thing that’s keeping me here right now The only reason why I rated it this because I can’t ever get an appointment every time I ring to book an appointment even first thing in the morning I get told fully booked I don’t get give no emergency appointment or asked if I want to book one for the next day or next available appointment it’s just fully booked try again tomorrow and the same happens again I been with this GP for about 4 months and I only had 2 appointments I genuinely given up trying to make appointments now because I’m fed up being told have nothing available and I never seen a gp so quiet I didn’t want to because the doctors are really good here but I think I’m just going to have to find another gp at this point who knowns
