Practice: ALCESTER HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M84049
Postcode: B49 6QR
Google Maps title: Alcester Health Centre
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Alcester+Health+Centre/@52.2175169,-1.8657932,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870c48072386771:0x28beef2df590562c!8m2!3d52.2175136!4d-1.8632129!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th7mbcp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 5
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M84049-alcester-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Miss Sanders
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Quite honestly a breath of fresh air! I’ve had terrible treatment from my previous GP. Like awful! Treated like an idiot, treated so poorly and with no empathy, nhs England advice ignored. So when I joined Alcester Health Centre this year based on reviews I was hoping for a miracle. I actually am so happy with Alcester health centre. I actually feel important. So far, it’s only been 3 months I am happy to say they I’ve felt heard, I’ve felt cared for, I’ve felt like I matter rather than ‘her again’. Unfortunately I do have a number of issues and it means multiple appointments or one long appointment to get what I need, skin to eyes to bowel to system falling apart. Obviously it has meant previously I’ve called almost daily to a cream of this, a drop of that, an issue with this. However since joining Alcester I’ve been given time, I’ve been given empathy from staff. They’ve listened they have understood. They have actually heard me. It’s like how the GO was 20 years ago. My previous gp genuinely made me feel crazy, I’d lost trust in the NHS, I felt so crazy I went to counselling and I am obviously not quite over that. Medically I’m absolutely blinking insane and I blame my last GP. Because if medically trained people wouldn’t advocate for me then I had too and I wasn’t being heard. So to impress me, Alcester Health Centre had to be something special. However if the anxiety scale was on 9, since joining this surgery I’m at 3.. I can’t change my body or my health issues but when something is wrong you want to be heard not left in a panic with Google. Since joining this surgery I have found out I need a new drug. I am nearly pre diabetic, my cholesterol isn’t fantastic that’s just the basics. I stranded for a those issue and the doctor looked at my face and said you need a cream for that.. I thought I’d need another appointment. It’s like common sense actually exists. With your GP you need to have a sense of it’s all in hand and my care and health matter, I’ve never had that. Suddenly I feel that someone medical care. I don’t want everyone to join the surgery as I don’t want them inundated with patients but they do deserve more than 5* for simply the fact all staff I’ve seen have been a pleasure and they have made me feel something I haven’t felt before.. important Lovely surgery, clean, seems to function well, nice well stocked pharmacy again lovely staff. Nice big carpark with lovely well manicured gardens.

Author: Izzie Shurvinton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless medical staff who have undertreated and ignored me my whole life. Since moving away less than 2 months ago, I have received correct and more treatment than I have ever received here. I am extremely angry at my level of care and the lack of support throughout my life when I could have easily been treated in a matter of weeks - not years, if I had been taken seriously. They do not know anything and will just throw ‘lose weight’ and incorrect ‘easy’ medication at you instead of correcting the real problem. They left me on a waiting list for SEVEN years despite me pushing and I am now going to be seen next week by the same service. Extremely unprofessional behaviour from all members of staff - go to a different GP practice if you actually want help.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Hi Izzie, that was hard for us to read, it’s not something we like to hear when we strive to provide the best possible care for our patients. It’s clear though how frustrated you have been. It is important to note that access to secondary care services and waiting list times can vary significantly between different regions of the UK. While we are disappointed that your experience with us left you feeling unsupported, we are genuinely glad to hear that you have been able to access the treatment you need quickly in your new location. We wish you the very best with your ongoing health and your move.

Author: Mike Lewis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Mike Lewis2 reviews2 months ago

Author: david shepherd
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was seen today 21st August by Dr Dyuti Heatman she had a wonderful bedside manner softly spoken made me feel most comfortable in my consultation not rushed excellent service
Practice response date: 6 months ago
Practice response:
That’s great to hear David, I’ll make sure she gets to see this. Thank you!

Author: Debra Hinsley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After an appointment with Chelsea yesterday I just wanted to say what a very very pleasant member of the team. She was very gentle when taking my bloods and engaged in conversation throughout the appointment. She is definitely an asset to the practice. "Thank You Chelsea"
Practice response date: 7 months ago
Practice response:
That's lovely to hear, thank you Debra, ill make sure Chelsea sees this :)

Author: Alex Banks
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fabulous service at short notice . Always helpful

Author: Saul Warren-Howles
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having joined the centre when we moved recently I must say it is really good that both my wife are with the practice now. I must add my doctor Mr Hardy is really good and attentive.
Practice response date: 8 months ago
Practice response:
Hey Saul that’s great to hear I’ll make sure he sees this!

Author: Neil Baldwyn
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Neil Baldwyn1 review9 months ago

Author: Ashleigh May
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They have the best reception team, quick to handle calls and they actually give appointments out same day. The doctor I seen was incredibly friendly, understanding and helpful
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
Thanks Ashleigh, that’s great to hear - I’ll make sure to let the team know!

Author: Tyagiguddan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always have very helpful staff …very emphatic
