Practice: PARK LEYS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M84012
Postcode: CV6 2FL
Google Maps title: Park Leys Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 93
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+Leys+Medical+Practice/@52.4490644,-1.5537094,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sPARK+LEYS+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+CV6+2FL!3m8!1s0x48774c814c09a3fb:0x5cb468e932d0bb83!8m2!3d52.4376418!4d-1.5305607!9m1!1b1!15sCiJQQVJLIExFWVMgTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBDVjYgMkZMkgEVcHVibGljX21lZGljYWxfY2VudGVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc8j30m5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M84012-park-leys-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Theriion
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking service. Doctors only prescribe meds and not even trying to look into cause of the problem and how to resolve it. Getting the appointment was bad enough already but now with the new Anemia system it's nearly impossible as the system does not work as intended. Even if you get through the endless forms you can only book something weeks from now even if your appointments was canceled last minute. Appalling....

Author: Ellie
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had so many bad experiences with this doctors surgery. I called up at 8.30am on the dot to then get called back 40 minutes later by a horrifically rude lady who told me to book an appointment online. At this point she might as well just book the appointment whilst I’m on the phone!!! I go to the website to book an appointment for it to say that I can’t book one as I need to call either 999/111 as it’s a medical emergency!!!! Since when was period pain an emergency????? Now waiting for another phone call when there is a 30+ people queue.

Author: Mitchell Cherry (Micky Dee)
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't call to make an appointment anymore. Have to use the "Anima" system, when trying to book appointment always get "No Appointments currently available please contact your surgery" yet when you try they tell you they cant book appointments. Shoddy system doesn't work.
Practice response date: 2 weeks ago
Practice response:
Hi Mitchell, The screenshot you have provided shows the NHS app "book an appointment" function, which has limited capability. Our Anima system works by the patient briefly describing the issue on a form that goes directly to a senior GP. To submit an Anima request please visit our website and click “submit a request”. If you need any more support, please give us a call or drop us an email. You can find our contact information on our website, linked below. www.parkleysmedicalpractice.co.uk

Author: Anna Cowell
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Contacted the surgery on Thursday (yesterday) via the online form about my mother who had just come out of hospital. To my surprise, within a short time and around 6.30pm, she received a phonecall from the GP. She went through all her symptoms with her and wrote a prescription (even telling me where my nearest out of hours pharmacy was). She informed us that she would ring again the following morning, which she did. We requested a home visit and after 3 hours a GP visited my mum. She immediately reassured my mother, listened carefully and did a thorough check of her, including taking a urine sample. She left my mum with a good plan of what would happen next. My mum was so relieved and I believe this excellent GP almost certainly helped avoid my mother needing another hospital admission. My experience of ringing is difficult as I was 36 in the queue, but the online form was easy to fill out and got us a speedy response. My mum is unable to use anything online so it's only because I was helping that she could get support so quickly. My mum, when she has not been well enough to leave the house, has often not used the GP due to the difficulty getting through via the telephone, and has therefore rang an ambulance instead. However, when she has managed to see a GP it is always excellent. We are more than happy with the wonderful service we have received in the last 24hrs. This time we have learnt about the online form!

Author: BIANCA BIA
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP Surgery in Coventry and I moved from few and I heard lot's of bad experiences from friends at others GP surgerys. Everyone it's so welcoming and so caring..I 've seen few doctors over the last 2 years since I moved in the area, all great but I must say Dr Wayne it's the best Dr I've been to. You can see his experiences through his words and advice, his caring and professional manner, makes me want to go to doctors without beeing scared or shamed. He is a credit to the practice and hopefully he is appreciated as Dr like him..very very rare!!! Need to mention that every time I had a problem they manged to get me in same day or few days after. Maybe is not perfect Gp but definitely much better then others . All my experiences were amazing every single time!! Thank you Dr Wayne for your patience and professionalism today. 🙂 Thank you to the manager for delivering amazing service to all the patients!!

Author: Spartan Combat
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
⭐️Very professional care ⭐️ Thank you ☺️

Author: Graham Moss
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Let me be absolutely clear. Perfect, no. Caring, compassionate, mostly excellent health care over 20+ years? Certainly. All the low reviews are often a specific bad experience. Please believe me, try a truly rural or South East GP surgery. You might see a Dr in 6 weeks. More likely a nurse.. Parkleys is astonishingly great compared to many places. Be thankful for what you have.

Author: aniello prota
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I called doctors on Thursday morning and didn't get back to me in the evening and promised me they will get me booked in yesterday but never and I went in the surgery and they told me a doctors will call me again. But instead lied to me and never called me.

Author: Amanda Lou
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amanda Lou13 reviews · 4 photos4 months ago

Author: Koushik K
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well located and easy to find. Has comfortable parking spaces. Staffs are friendly and helpful in getting appointments booked.
