Practice: RUGBY ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: M84618
Postcode: CV12 9JE
Google Maps title: Rugby Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 15
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rugby+Road+Surgery/@52.4764209,-1.4209693,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774f06693e1943:0x9f8f42ec84f12d06!8m2!3d52.4764177!4d-1.418389!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9txk__?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M84618-rugby-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: jenny james
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are very helpful and willing to help

Author: Niko D
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
AVOID. Absolutely useless. I have requested blood tests from this GP after continuously taking contraceptive pill for at least 5 years to check how I'm getting on. The response was "what for?" and a no to save money. They only checked my blood pressure and visually for any swelling on my legs because it's cheaper. Over a year down the line I ended up in a hospital with extremely high d-dimers and blood clots caused by the contraception pill I was on WITH NO SWELLING TO MY LEGS. Now you know "what for" if another patient requests this. Months ago I came with certain symptoms and was prescribed antibiotics that did nothing. In my hospital stay I found out those symptoms are asthma. I was given antibiotics for asthma. Glad I changed surgeries or else I wouldn't have made it alive. I am beyond frustrated. The only good thing about this surgery is the receptionist, the only competent person that works there.

Author: Maddy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist always helpful and doctors really are nice, especially Dr Khan! Same day appointment if you call first thing.

Author: Gerard Hughes
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr. Khan with an ailment which I felt could be serious. He prescribed some medicine and the worrying condition has passed. Thank you

Author: Eileen E
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant ... First time I've been since I moved to Bulkington Got an appointment on the day I called Dr Listened to me and was very thorough

Author: Mr JOKER
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Attentive reception staff who are friendly and do not try to act as doctor. The doctor at the surgery is also very kind and so are her nurses. Would recommend this surgery highly .

Author: Alyssa Lane
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Really rude receptionist on the phone. I’ve rung before and had a lovely receptionist but the last two times I’ve called I’ve had an awful, sarcastic, blunt and rude receptionist answer. I will be looking for a new gp surgery now.

Author: Danielle Whinmill
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Its with regret I write this post.... After requesting a call back from the Practice Manager on more than one occasion and never receiving one, unfortunately, I'm having to vent my frustration on a public forum. I requested my medical records in November 2023, I followed the correct process (advised by yourselves), however, was never updated nor informed as to whether this has been actioned. So this was way over the 28 day time frame, set out as per GDPR/SARS requests. I also requested a paper copy, after months of chasing and only my patient access being updated, with minimal information/missing information. When querying where my paper copy was, I was told it would be a £50.00 charge???? Which I had never been informed of.... ' A medical report/record that already exists will be accessible, for free, as a SAR. A 'reasonable fee' can be charged for a SAR if the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, however, these circumstances are likely to be rare'. After numerous calls and promises of call backs, I'm still waiting and made to feel like a nuisance. What should have been a fairly easy request has turned into a 5 month back and forth battle. Most staff are not helpful, I'm told its not their job to search for notes and the requests are done if and when they get chance. There seems to be a major lack in communication because when I call no one seems to know about my request - meaning nothing is documented, no tasks sent to staff, or notes on the system. Which is worrying. I appreciate there are more important tasks to be actioned, however, I also believe I've been more than patient and a 5 month wait is long enough. I would have been a lot more understanding had there been better communication, understanding and accountability. But unfortunately, that was not the case in my experience. Me and my children rarely need access to the GP Surgery (thankfully), so its very frustrating when I do make contact, it's with a very unwelcoming approach. Lastly, thank you to receptionist's, Kirsty & Judy (I think are their name's), who have tried to help with my request on the occasion's I did speak to them.

Author: Shannon Jayne
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
If you need to see a doctor once a year they may be ok however this place doesn’t care about your health atall and would rather see you suffer and waste a&e time . Been on same medication for over 5 years weekly and had to move recently … this doctor doesn’t want to give me half the things I actually need even going as far as rejecting inhalers that I’ve been on since birth - now 29 . Their advice is just go to a&e … however you shouldn’t do this unless an emergency . Sad to see doctors who don’t care or won’t give you your correct medication after an amazing 7 years care at riversley road surgery and such high care values . Highly do not recommend this surgery or any of the doctors at it , they don’t listen to you and like to try and patronise you although one of the receptionist are lovely and very caring . Surgery’s like this are what are draining the hospitals :(

Author: Melissa Mullen
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved into the area in March and this is the best doctors surgery I've ever been registered with. The receptionists are kind, compassionate and bend over backwards to help you. The best of all, I can always get an appointment the same day if need be.
