Practice: WOODLANDS SURGERY
Canonical code: M84609
Postcode: CV12 0AJ
Google Maps title: Woodlands Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodlands+Surgery/@52.4794197,-1.4926509,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774c2d4999fe0f:0x9c7d6198d8154fa8!8m2!3d52.4794165!4d-1.4900706!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hcb31x2b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M84609-woodlands-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: S L
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t live anywhere near this practice but even I can see why their reviews are this bad. I missed a call from their number so called it back and explained that they have accidentally called me and I was worried someone would be waiting for a call from them which is very important and they won’t receive it. The lady on the phone was horrendous just spoke over me the entire time I have the call recorded so it will be going through the complaints system. She laughed at me down the phone acting like I was crazy for even caring but that’s meant to be her job and she is not doing it. I was spoken over and laughed at and then hung up on I just couldn’t really believe it. Why take this job if that’s who you are as a person? I work hospitality trust me I know customers are hard but you have to give them a chance to speak before you judge. Learn some compassion cause one day it won’t be just bad reviews you’ll say the wrong thing to the wrong person

Author: Tom Pet
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist rude and cant Nooo on phone

Author: Dale Jefford
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible called for an appointment for my ill 3 year old son. Very rude unhelpful receptionist wouldn’t book me an appointment I had to register online to book a request online that might not be seen for several days. The rude receptionist even hung up on me terrible. I used to say how good our doctors were to get help but today I realised it’s true the nhs is broken

Author: Dr Randog
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
First time trying to book an appointment today and I wasn’t particularly impressed with the way it went. I work shifts so have to look ahead for a this reason and apparently I can only book an appointment on the day I call nothing is booked in advance. So I guess it’s luck of the draw as to whether or not I get one then. So much for forward planning, good job it’s not an emergency I guess. I will update with any interactions I get after today and update the review as to whether I actually get an interaction with a doctor or not. UPDATE. So after failing to get an appointment for myself on numerous occasions. I tried booking my 6 week old sons vaccinations in advance for the 8 week period today. Apparently I also have to call on the day and pray to the gods that I can get an appointment for him too. Needless to say I’ll look for another doctors surgery now. I have downgraded my score to 1 star. Parking is also tight and I was struggling to get my child out of the car in the parking space. I asked about alternative parking and was told there was none. Staff suggested I get my son out before parking and place him on the floor in the car park whilst I manoeuvre’d the vehicle. Not to make this story sound even more ridiculous, but it was raining pretty heavily too. 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️ Needless to say I decided to brave the double yellow lines and the ticket. EDIT. I decided to stick with this surgery for ease and convenience of location. However today I have been #2 in the call queue for over 35 minutes (see photo) so far. I honestly have no idea why someone has been on the phone to a surgery receptionist for over half an hour. The mind boggles.

Author: Gull Nu
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have honestly have the absolute best experience with this surgery for the last 2 years we are registered. The recent experience with the dr Abbas and nurse Marie is beyond words and not even experienced at private health clinics. Please keep it up. Please don't fault them personally for things like underfunding and general access issues) which isn't under their control and not fair on them ...

Author: Mariya Dobreva
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst receptionist ever.

Author: Marcin Stepisiewicz
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Surgery improved a lot recent years, I really like on-line booking system, You can get extra information ready for GP and I always get appointment the same day if requested early, doctors are now understanding and acctualy listen to You.

Author: Demi Whittle
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I can see why this surgery has such a low rating. I was unfortunately asked to leave my old doctors (which were great!) when I moved out of the area and this place has been disappointment after disappointment. The reason I am giving 2 stars instead of 1 is because I had a positive experience with the nurse at this surgery.

Author: katarzyna majowicz
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately, my experience at the front desk was disappointing. The receptionists were unfriendly and seemed unwilling to help. A warm welcome makes a big difference, especially in a place where people might already feel stressed or unwell. I hope this aspect of service can be improved, as it really affects the overall impression.

Author: Jay Jay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have never had any major issues with this surgery. I have been here for many years. I recently used the online form to submit my issues and it was a very easy process. I was called back the following morning by the doctor. Nurse Marie is very kind and easy to speak to. The waiting room has a relaxing atmosphere. The reception team are usually very helpful and friendly. The doctors can seem a bit stern at times but they do help you with your issues. Dr Ullah helped my Mum receive very prompt care when she had sepsis. The only issue I have had is that on a few occasions I have been told to see a clinician first (not a doctor) and then had to see the dr in the end anyway (as the diagnosis was wrong) which wasted time and resources. My preference would be to just see a doctor without lots of steps in between. Overall a good surgery with some kind and hard working staff. Thanks for your help over the years.
