Practice: THE MANOR PRACTICE
Canonical code: M85033
Postcode: B72 1RL
Google Maps title: Manor Practice
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 77
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Manor+Practice/@52.558357,-1.8613474,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+MANOR+PRACTICE+B72+1RL!3m8!1s0x4870a507cddd13a7:0x4be7addbbeca3c36!8m2!3d52.558357!4d-1.8232386!9m1!1b1!15sChpUSEUgTUFOT1IgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgQjcyIDFSTJIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2VudGVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1tgfw1ph?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85033-the-manor-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ann Ellis
Date: a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
The one receptionist is incredibly rude.i am a relatively new patient. I've seen 2 other receptionists before and they were fantastic.A younger lady helped me out there and then and I also saw a younger gentleman (Adam?) Even tho he couldn't help me out at the desk,he talked me through using the Surgeries app.He was patient and kind,they both were.However the older lady with the black hair has a terrible attitude. When you go to the doctors you're not feeling your best anyway,so to be spoken to like you're something she scraped off her shoe is unacceptable. She seemed totally fed up with me,even though I was polite.You know we've worked all our lives and paid our taxes for this service,a little kindness and respect wouldn't go amiss.You need more staff like the other 2 guys.I feel sad that this lady is a patients first contact with your surgery because however nice anyone else is,she is doing your reputation no favours.Thanks to the kind,helpful staff!

Author: Mia Carey
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Some of the most incompetent, rude and less compassionate receptionists. Tell you different information. For example I was told to come in person to collect a physical letter as Good Hope did not accept electronic referrals. When I got to the practice, they refused to give it to me telling me that it would have to be written up and they did not sure how long it take, to give it to me, even though I needed surgery. Secondly, following a miscommunication with one of the receptionist and then proceeded to put down the phone as I know my own personality and I know that I have a short temper sometimes the receptionist then proceeded to call me back twice to tell me she didn’t appreciate me putting the phone down in an argumentative manner. I am autistic so this behaviour has disgusted me. I have now been banned from other GP practices due to this and the ban will be in effect for 12 months. I will have to go through an appeal which will cost me extra emotional stress and time. I’m very very very deeply unsatisfied with this GP. AVOID!

Author: Gregg Thomas
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors is not good !! Here are a few points to consider before joining this surgery. 1 - Reception staff are rude and like the sound of their own voice, won't listen and won't let you talk 2 - Doctors that don't listen and offer a wrong diagnosis, even after you've told them and proven them wrong. 3 - Almost impossible to get an appointment 4 - Head doctor that lies to you over the phone. Do yourself a favour and register elsewhere !!

Author: Claire Mann
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
To whom it may concern, you can't get appointments when you need one straight away they cancel your appointments last minute, you can never get to see a doctor I think that the NHS is going down hill fast and I don't think that they think about the elderly people and the people who have learning disabilities

Author: Amanda Hume
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Parnell has been outstanding in her care and management of my condition since I first presented in July. I have nothing but praise for her.

Author: Olivia Kite
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up today for an appointment for debilitating migraines every 2 to 3 days to be told that I can't have a GP appointment same day for migraines. I have to wait 2 weeks in pain and unable to function to get some regular medication to manage them. Will be moving doctors urgently!

Author: Gary Jones
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gary Jones7 months ago

Author: Nata Homyn
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After waiting one hour on the phone in 17.06.2025 for appointment from 8am receptionist was a very rude abrupt told me that I can’t book appointment with GP because already been private so she will not book any appointment…and so basically, she want me to go private, Absolutely ridiculous She said it’s not an emergency and it will be two weeks anyway absolutely disgusting not kind not helpful very bad customer care specially in Doctor’s surgery shouldn’t be working there and then she told me no appointments available to ring back next day Thankfully I don’t have mental health issues

Author: neera kohli
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today’s receptionist was really welcoming and helpful. The dr was amazing. Listened and acted on problem. Many thanks

Author: Kadir Matin
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kadir Matin2 reviews10 months ago
