Practice: ASHFIELD SURGERY
Canonical code: M85026
Postcode: B76 1QN
Google Maps title: Ashfield Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 122
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ashfield+Surgery/@52.5398447,-1.8024915,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870a569c95e1b5f:0x47d11c34766cece7!8m2!3d52.5398415!4d-1.7999112!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfv4ks6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85026-ashfield-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: E W
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
This review is for Dr Mohammed the locum at Ashfield. A very knowledgeable, kind & understanding GP. Listened attentively and gave excellent advice. He didn’t rush the appointment & spent time understanding what I needed. I came away feeling very positive. It’s a shame he is a locum & only available when covering, I wouldn’t hesitate to book an appointment with him again.

Author: Kashala Abrahams
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Ashfield Surgery team has been excellent and beyond helpful! I cannot speak highly of the clinical care enough. While I can’t comment on other people's experiences in this review section or their potential administrative issues, the clinical care here is phenomenal and doesn't deserve under four stars. Having grown up with a truly incompetent GP surgery elsewhere, one where getting a referral or even a basic blood test never happened, the difference here is night and day. The doctors, nurses and the team are thorough and caring. I never feel hesitant to ask for appropriate medical checks like ECGs or blood tests because they listen and take action. For me, that warrants five stars.

Author: Ellie Shaw
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ellie ShawLocal Guide · 21 reviews · 16 photosa month ago

Author: Ann Hutton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The star is for the doctors who are excellent when you’re lucky enough to get to see one. The online booking system is a nightmare and very stressful to use. Why is it necessary? Why can’t we go back to simply phoning up and just being given the next available appointment? The amount of questions asked is ridiculous and it’s not always possible to explain with one answer or one yes or no. I’ve been with Ashfield for many years and it used to be such a good practice. Surely the doctor’s must also be frustrated knowing how unhappy their patients are with this booking system? Can’t something be done about it?

Author: Sue Roberts
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Today I had an appointment with a Dr Black, and I can honestly say she was amazing. Attentive, Caring, thorough, and gave me as much time as was necessary to assess my symptoms.

Author: E B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst surgery I have ever had the misfortune of registering with I arrived within good time for today's appointment and was left for almost one hour and still wasn't seen by the doctor. I spoke tothe receptionist who was absolutely useless and was told that appointment slots are between 10-15 minutes yetshe couldnt understand my almost hour long wait I could not wait any longer and before leaving I asked the receptionist If my appointment could be rebooked and she said no, that I would have to go through the booking procedure again. There were no patients in the waiting room either. There are never any appointments when you need one and if they can book you one the appointments are 3+ weeks away. When you call the surgery you either have a very long wait or the call disconnects due to being on hold for so long. Meanwhile when you're in the surgery the receptionists sit behind the desk chatting away about their personal lives (today it was about Christmas songs and Christmas jumper day) while the phone are ringing out. The they say they have a lot of patients to deal with whilst still signing up those who are seeking asylum in the UK. Their complaints procedure is about as useful as a chocolate fire guard.

Author: Lepani
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
More effand effective, thank you and God bless.

Author: Don
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to get an appointment online at 7.15am told no appointments left went in told was using the wrong system and to go back and use again did that and told to ring a number did that and was told not to ring that number given went online and requested a call back which did happen this is for just a repeat prescription

Author: Eva
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was trying to book an appointment online but it wasn’t working so called . Waited for 8 minutes even though I was caller number 1. They answered and I told them it won’t work and she told me I was using the wrong service. That’s fair enough that was my fault. I then said don’t you have the form of questions infront of you and can’t I do the form with you? She said yes but you need to do it online. I said but I have waited long and if you have it infront of you can’t you do with with me to help. She said we encourage you to do it yourself and wouldn’t do it on the phone with me. I am a young adult so it’s easier for me to do it online but I felt sorry as I know they would say the same to an elderly person especially after reading these reviews. All I asked for was help and I got a sarcastic answer back.

Author: Dean Glover
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dean Glover2 reviews5 months ago
