Practice: ROTTON PARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M85098
Postcode: B16 0LU
Google Maps title: Rotton Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 61
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rotton+Park+Medical+Centre/@52.4821581,-1.9495957,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bd0e4ccdd787:0xacb722a2ee83111!8m2!3d52.4821549!4d-1.9470154!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jky8d9ns?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85098-rotton-park-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarina Younas
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Prompt service and reception staff are very competent! Can definitely feel the NHS system improving.

Author: Robert Mason
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly surgery, quick appointments, so happy with this surgery!

Author: Ryan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ryan1 reviewa month ago

Author: Sydd
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I like them. They had a really helpful receptionist called Manny he was great it’s a shame I don’t see him there anymore but the others can really learn from how he was nice to patients. I can book my appointments on the app most of which are same day which is really helpful and I can view my records via the app also.

Author: Sherin Wagih
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
One of the best GPs I’ve ever been with, can book appointments online and very empathetic and efficient GPs. Cannot complain or fault them at all. You can view and manage your healthcare through the app and rarely need to call them to book appointments or view results.

Author: Linda
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have attended the gp practice for a emergency appointment. Very important. As I was on my way back from work I was running late and made 3 calls to let them know I would be there any minute. None of them answered. My appointment was at 5:50 pm and I have arrived and checked in at the reception at 6. Despite the 10 mins grace window that should be guaranteed by law, they refused this right and denied I could be seen saying in a quite rude way I was late and the doctor had to go to another clinic. I begged to please be seen by any doctor even another one. This was meant to be an emergency appointment and was important. On my way there I tried to call the practice several times but none picked up the phone. They said they do their best to pick up the phone but I was standing in front of 3 bored receptionists in a empty practice getting ready to get home, didn't seem like they were particularly willing to answer phone calls at that time. So was with mine. The receptionist was particularly rude and condescending to me, not caring of the fact I was well within the grace period and it was an emergency appointment maybe they could have helped me but instead told me to come back tomorrow. She attempts gaslighting saying "you're well out of the window time, look it's 6:01" But I have arrived and checked in at 6 sharp. Of course the more we would talk the more late I was going to be. I felt bullied and gaslit as a vulnerable patient. This is disgusting and unprofessional practice from your receptionists, it doesn't promote trust and safety at al. I don't feel like coming back ever again. I don't feel like sharing any of my sensitive information to anyone who is rude towards people needing medical help. I will for sure change gp practice.

Author: Humzah 0121
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Humzah 0121Local Guide · 51 reviews · 14 photos7 months ago

Author: Denisa Pospichalova
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sooo here is few thing I want to say about this gp 👌 frst it’s the best gp I ever be in 10 years 👌👍 I register and in one week I can make streetoway apoitment ❤️ they don’t have specific time for call to make any apoitment so this is make this gp 👩‍⚕️ one of the best gp 👩‍⚕️ ❤️ they make u apoitment even in the same day or street in few hours so that is make you too to be one of the best gp 👩‍⚕️ I know ❤️👍 u have few doctor 👩‍⚕️ the best good one what the know what they talk about and what they do ❤️ thank you so much that 3 doctor I be already they provide me the best treatment ❤️ but I can’t say all of them there they know good today 21.july 2025 I have one apoitment I’m Relly Relly sick and this English doctor actually be little rude and tell me I have bad infection but it’s ok to go work 😀👍 and I need to buy paracetamol if I want to have this treatment I don’t need to go to doctor 😀 he is not good rude gif me mask to protect him self but 😀👌 send me with every bad sick and infection to work make sick all people in work 😀👍 I be asking him to print me papier just I be here today and just if is on the papier what he tell me I’m sick with I don’t be asking about sicnot I be just ask for papier if he say what I have and he say no come after 1 week for sicnote if is continue it’s not good this doctor don’t care 🤷‍♀️ about nobody 😡 noting never want to go to him again and in any calll make apoitment I be tell them I don’t want to go to the English one I don’t know him name 😡 he should gif me just some papier I be there because I skip work because I’m Relly sick 🤧 now because of him 😡 I need to explain in work why I don’t be in work and make some talk to them stay home anyways because when I tell my manager I have this kind of sick he tell me not good to come work because maybe I get sick everybody there but if doctor don’t gif me some prove I be there or at least papier only with say in what sick have I need to come to work I work with dangerous mashing and all and he don’t care if I tell him my head spinning every motrning Relly badly 😡 he still tell me go to work. 😀 this kind of doctors batter fired 😀 from work who don’t help to people 👍

Author: Tris F
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Superb medical centre. I have used over 15 different GP surgeries o er 20 years and this is hands down the best one I have used.

Author: Ben Johnson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Run more like a business than a GP.. even when a court had orderd that their statement was wrong they still claimed it was right because they think they know best !! I'd passed my diabetes consultation letters to GP.. a few weeks later they phoned me to say they were withdrawing my diabetes monitor.. the GP never bothered to look at the paperwork... they do not accept further replies to complaints once they had their say... because they think they are know it all... utter waste of tax payers money !!!!
