Practice: WEOLEY PARK SURGERY
Canonical code: M85056
Postcode: B29 5HA
Google Maps title: Weoley Park Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Weoley+Park+Surgery/@52.4381888,-1.9576892,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bde6f9510609:0x9d5e62892fe2c21!8m2!3d52.4381856!4d-1.9551089!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tq6jj7z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85056-weoley-park-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Paul
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute terrible Avoid at all costs ......The management skills Zahira Tayeb who dont respond to complaints or look at emails but now she's passed her rubbish to Louise who used to be a receptionist but now shes part of management who also cannot deal with complaints . or emails .they told me for months they couldnt find this letter my psychiatrist sent them .so i called the surgery and I got the letter printed off myself .which they still refuse to help me book appointments over the phone . This has forced me to leave the surgery after nearly 50 years of being a patient. But atleast im at a competent surgery now as Weoley park and grangehill are incompetent .like the management and owners . this so called surgery condones unlawful discrimination as i cannot book appointments online due to my disability, despite sending professional letters from my psychiatrist they still refuse to help me ,which is a breach of my Equality act 2010 ,I am currently seeking legal advice and in the mean time I will name and shame them in the local papers ,these people are happy not to help .... This place has gone down hill since Dr shaheed /owner with Amed took over also the chemist parveen Amed i feel is very unprofessional as she went behind my back and stopped a needed medication when I most needed it .I've got no faith in this practice anymore having being a patient for nearly 50 years ...... Dr shaheed couldn't even be bothered to reach out to me and explain why as he left it to a chemist who isn't a doctor or qualified .which let me down in my darkest hours of need .... making me feel I have no trust anymore and I now want to move to a new gp practice because of their errors .don't bother complaining on their online complaints as the management zahira Tayeb or louise won't be bothered to get back to you as she's clearly not bothered about people's complaints ....This is their job role maybe they would be more suited as a prison officers.....also they dont help old age pensioners as i over heard the receptionist saying the system won't allow us to book appointments and you need to go online .this just shows how pathetic and incompetent they really are ..... their to stupid and lazy to use discretion......also they hide behind closed doors as they leave incompetent receptionist to do her dirty work ie saying she's not available and to complain online, which they dont respond to .this has been reported to ombudsman and local papers .

Author: Sarah Bastock
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is little or no care or compassion from the doctors at this surgery. The practice manager is near non-existent and many of their admin systems need a serious overhaul. My late father's terminal cancer diagnosis took nearly a month to be updated on their system. One of the doctors, on a (rare) home visit, seemed to think that this was an acceptable timescale.

Author: Anna “Ever Davis-Bawn” Davis-bawn
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP I have ever experienced. The receptionists often talk down to you except a couple nice ones. Getting an appointment is near impossible, getting bloods done is near impossible. They somehow lost 2 stool samples or mine ?? And lost my wife's blood tests multiple times? They will not listen you you, my partner has to have regular blood tests at a particular time of day or they aren't valid but they don't care they will book in for when ever mean their computer stops giving them a notification even if it means my wife has to go in over and over because the tests were invalid! I'm not sure I've ever actually seen a Dr there ? We have only ever seen physicians associate. Also told several times that my referral was gone only to follow it up over a year later for them to tell me they have never sent it, asked for it to be sent again? Still no sign, moved doctors and they told me there was no evidence of this ever being put though over the 3 years I was with them.

Author: Tahir
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tahir3 months ago

Author: Mona Farhadi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very important blood test because I arrived 8 minutes late. My blood test was not done, whereas when I or even other patients were there, we waited 30, 40 minutes. I explained to them that since my blood test was at 8:30 in the morning, there was a lot of traffic on the street.

Author: John Brookes
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is quite unbelievable how this once pleasant, efficient, and caring practice has degraded. A scruffy place now, with obviously little investment. There are very few actual GP’s and those that are there now will not be in 6 months, a now familiar pattern. There are ANP’s and Healthcare Assistants but the only one of those who ever seems to be available is Les Young, and there is an obvious reason for that. The reception staff try to do their best I feel, but they have few tools in their box. There is now a lady from SE Asia on reception, and whilst she is very pleasant, she is very difficult to understand, particularly on the phone, and appears not to know what she is doing. All in all, a difficult booking process, no doctors, poor surroundings, and a general lack of showing genuine care makes for a poor experience, particularly if you have complex health issues. Also, never try to speak to the practice manager here as she will never appear, apparently she never comes out of one big, long, continuous, meeting! Steer well clear.

Author: shane koda
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
shane koda13 reviews · 2 photos7 months ago

Author: Joe Atherton
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful.

Author: Noneofyourbusiness
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had an issue.

Author: Stacey Taylor
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My Mum had bad chest infection, filled out online form at 8am, to be told she is an urgent case and someone will be in touch. Heard nothing by 10am, so called to be given attitude and told to wait. Still nothing by 2.30pm, rang again to be told to go at 3pm. When we arrived was told she didn't have an appointment on system, and got rudely told to take a seat. Receptionist then went on a half hour break before coming back to sort it out. We spent an hour and half in there. Not surprised this new system doesn't work, just another way for them to do even less.
