Practice: CHURCH ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: M85048
Postcode: B26 3TP
Google Maps title: Church Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Church+Road+Surgery/@52.4584796,-1.783668,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870ba75c6ead03b:0xe8389b4e80c3618f!8m2!3d52.4584764!4d-1.7810877!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g6vhd8z6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85048-church-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Seetal Kaur
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have to say this surgery is brilliant. I recently moved from Dr Chopra’s surgery to Church Road, and the difference has been huge. The receptionists are always lovely and helpful, and both sites are clean, modern, and full of useful information. The doctors are quick to help and very supportive. I requested an MRI and was seen within two weeks, which I was really impressed with. I also booked travel vaccinations for my family, and Nurse Jo was excellent. She was so gentle and reassuring that my toddler—who normally screams when having injections—only had the tiniest tear before laughing afterwards! Repeat prescriptions are processed quickly too, which makes things really easy. After having such a poor experience at Dr Chopra’s surgery, Church Road has been nothing but fantastic. I’m really grateful for the care and support they provide!!

Author: Margaret Newbold
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
This surgery has changed beyond recognition sadly from having fantastic doctors when i joined- every one of them was outstanding:- Dr Edwards, Dr Machin, Dr Kavi, Dr Evans, and all those at this teaching practice. However after they all retired post pandemic, I have only ever seen locums and no continuity of care. I rarely go now as I don’t see any point going to be told you look healthy!! This after feeling poorly for many weeks and having several health conditions with no regular follow ups or anything. Getting older isn’t good at the best of times but to be judged because I’m not overweight, non smoker or drinker is beyond me. My dad’s incurable cancer was undiagnosed many years ago by another local surgery as was my mom’s heart attack because both were slim and “healthy” Sad that this surgery isn’t a patch on how it once was when I first joined and was taken seriously then referred to a cardiologist specialist who diagnosed my conditions. I will lifelong be grateful to Dr Kavi and to Dr Edwards for referring my aunt and catching her cancer very early and also for walking to another elderly aunt’s in snow and ice when I was concerned about her breathing. He kept her going into her 90s and was so good caring for her and my dear mom’s palliative care. Doctors like these are a rarity today sadly. Receptionists are still good but previous retirees were something special.

Author: Patricia Broome
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute disgrace this doctors practice is. Grandson had blood test and 2weeks later nothing back from GP. So parent called today for results to be told there was problem with them and need to see GP asked for appointment receptionist replied have to call at 8. Just awful response and the receptionist informed when questioned, why has no one been in touch to inform this the reply was, we are too busy. Excuse me where is the duty of care here. Someone needs to take owness of this as working on dangerous level if they cannot cope. Await a responce

Author: zzrangel30
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent GP. They really care, from the Dr’s themselves all the way to the reception staff, everyone of those people care. I’ve recently had to book a medication review and the receptionist tried her best to combine two appointments together make my life easier. I didn’t ask for that, she did it because she cared. Please don’t change Church Rd Surgery, there aren’t many GP’s like you left!

Author: T GGT
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The building is good and the staff are lovely. Log in system never seems to be working. Also suffers from the 8am appointment shoot out, but I think that's just a general NHS problem now.

Author: D A
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The way the staff treat you is aberrant. I called with a medical emergency, blood puring from me and bc I threatened to go and record the head secretary's attitude because she wouldnt help or advise, I've been reported to police and can no longer visit any doctor. The problem was caused by the nhs in the 1st place. I intend to fight this all the way. There's never a regular doctor at this surgery and patient doctor confidentiality is none existent.. If you complain and are assertive, they are happy for you to not get medical treatment and aim to get you locked up. For the record I was not abusive I was bleeding and in pain.

Author: Alom Rahman
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m very new in this GP today my first call in gp to get doctor appointment I’ve waiting one hour to have appointment on the phone to get through to the GP after they pick up. They said they don’t have no appointment. how does that work? They telling me to call back tomorrow again. Can this GP tell me what’s going on?

Author: Marie Benton
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I can never get an appointment at this time of the year 😔 …

Author: S r
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery does not work for working professionals all there appointments are released 8am in the morning and if you call at 8.03am your 30 in the queue. So basically you have to take a day off work so you might have a chance off an appointment. Other surgeries have a booking system online so much easier. I suspect they dont want too many people booking in. I hope this surgery isn't taking on more patients as it can fill the damands of its current cohort. Basically if your unemployed or retired this surgery works for you.

Author: Jessica Wigmore
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
AVOID this drs at all costs !!!!! Disgraceful the receptionist are nothing but rude not bothered about helping you. Avoiddddddd
