Practice: UNIVERSITY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M85167
Postcode: B15 2QU
Google Maps title: The University Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 99
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+University+Medical+Practice/@52.4574257,-1.9385895,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bdb510167d93:0xe36641be95d92ab!8m2!3d52.4574225!4d-1.9360092!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12qg5stsh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85167-university-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jon Rottenbury
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
We have been with UMP for a few years now and have always been able to get an appt when we need one. In general the doctos have been excellent although we have had a few experiences where the doctor didn't really give advice, just asked what option my wife wanted which she found stressful as she is not a medical expert! Overall we are glad that we are here in comparison with experiences people have had with other surgeries in Bham.

Author: natashia young
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
It’s a monthly nightmare to get my repeat meds. Missed a call from the gp by 2 seconds and phoned back to apologise and ask if they could try again - was reassured the GP would phone back. Waited 2 hours and still no call - phoned again, and was told to be patient as she was “making her way through the list” and I was next in line. 3 hours later closing time came - still no call- phoned back again and was told I had apparently already been marked as a DNA (did not attend) earlier on in the day. Was then told to phone 111- where the out of hours GP refused to issue my script as it contained “controlled” drugs. Sent from pillar to post and now stranded without my meds over the weekend because the GP said she’d see me when she had absolutely no intention of calling back. If she’d just been upfront at 14:00 in the afternoon to say she simply couldn’t fit me in I could’ve happily gone elsewhere. Disappointed but not surprised.

Author: Faiza Shah
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a fellow GP, I wanted to express my appreciation for the excellent care Dr. Franklin provided. She went above and beyond, proactively consulting an ENT registrar for specialist advice. Her professionalism and dedication to patient care were impressive. Highly recommend!

Author: Shruti Patel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My children and I had an appointment with Mrs. White today for our vaccinations. She was professional, courteous and kind. Especially to my 7 year old who was very scared of the jabs and she managed to placate him. She is a credit to the UMP team.

Author: Diana Fiveash
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this practise a couple of years ago after almost giving up on my own practise of 30 years. They are BRILLIANT, they answer the phone within a few rings, the receptionists are polite and friendly and efficient, the doctors can call you within a day and if nec make an appointment to come in. I am so pleased I moved and I couldn’t recommend them high enough WELL DONE University medical practise you are an example of perfection .

Author: adi noy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Easy to book an appointment and Dr Kang was super lovely and helpful

Author: Thomas Zenhaeusern
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yeah pretty good

Author: Elizabeth P
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
It's only 2 stars, because the trainee doctors, when I have been able to see them, have usually been very kind and understanding. Asides that, this is a terribly inefficient practice. Often, the receptionists are rude and unhelpful. The aim should be to help patients get appointments but the expression in their tones, and lack of willingness, suggests that's not the case. Just today, I had to essentially beg for an appointment to discuss a referral letter response received. I had to suggest speaking to another doctor sooner, even if it meant a different one, then was lied to by the receptionist who informed me she already suggested that option, when she didn't. The booking system is inefficient and outdated. It's unrealistic to expect people to sit in a phone queue at specific times, especially when they're unwell. Most of the times I've had to opt for an answered appointment, which means struggling with my skin condition for a lot longer than is fair. I raised a complaint with the practice manager, who explained away my problems, offering a phone call for further discussion which wasn't followed through. Considering I work in a GP practice, I'm always impressed how little care and efficiency UMP has. I've been registered here reluctantly for 10 years, and it's only become worse, with most appointments hardly with a doctor. I am often happier to see trainees because at least they don't dismiss you like I have often been, by the physician associates and nurses. My aim is to move practices once my condition is stable. Hopefully the practice actually changes. It is really disappointing to see the NHS represented so poorly. It makes the GP service seem so much worse than it can be, and many of the errors are reversible (kinder receptionists, better administration, online appointments), but clearly the managers are just not interested-- possibly because the university students are always a guaranteed patient population source.

Author: Peter Marfleet
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Peter MarfleetLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 10 photos6 months ago

Author: Max Arzamasov
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhappy with all the time wasted. NHS website advises it takes 5 days to get registered, the practice specifically emailed and advised it would take 7 working days because I'm out of area... In the end it took almost twice as long to only get refused, and only after I followed the matter up multiple times. And I have a moderately serious chronic medical condition—this was clearly indicated on my registration form, which was actually why I wanted to get registered and see a doctor in the first place, having recently moved back to Birmingham. I'd avoid this place. Being able to call themselves "University" practice clearly goes to peoples' heads, even though they have nothing to do with the University. I don't claim this to be a fact, but my personal impression as a former student and now staff: they're just used to having students and especially international students as patients, who they know won't complain... I only say this because years ago I went to University Dental located in the same building, and had the receptionist being condescending to me, and giving me attitude, like it was such a privilege to be able to make dentist appointments three months in advance on the NHS, omg...
