Practice: NEWPORT MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: M85164
Postcode: B12 8QE
Google Maps title: Newport Medical Group
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 132
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Newport+Medical+Group/@52.4572867,-1.8853456,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sNEWPORT+MEDICAL+GROUP+B12+8QE!3m8!1s0x4870bb8f68e19499:0x20d0c1c730464b9f!8m2!3d52.4631802!4d-1.8710017!9m1!1b1!15sCh1ORVdQT1JUIE1FRElDQUwgR1JPVVAgQjEyIDhRRVofIh1uZXdwb3J0IG1lZGljYWwgZ3JvdXAgYjEyIDhxZZIBBmRvY3RvcpoBRENpOURRVWxSUVVOdlpFTm9kSGxqUmpsdlQyMWtTRll3WkRaYVIwWk9VVEpXYlZReFdqVmpWa0l4VWpJMWNtRkZSUkFC4AEA-gEECAAQRA!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9ttydc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85164-newport-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rosie rosie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sparkbrook surgery is one of the best I’m one of the 3rd generations that has been apart of this surgery .. and never have me or my family had a issue.. the receptionist staff listen to all your needs and help direct you with the correct advice.. Me and my family can’t fault this surgery.. A very big thank you to everyone for supporting my whole family and helping us through our ill health times.

Author: Sherran Khan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good doctors

Author: amy innes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Caring practice, all clinical and admin staff do their best to help. I would recommend this practice to my friends and family

Author: Sam Abuyossef
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst surgery in the whole Uk, can’t get , phoned the surgery while I was coughing loudly till I couldn’t even to hear what this receptionist ( NANY ) she kept asking me to call 111 or 999 I told her that I called them already and they asked me to call my GP first, she refused to book me appointment. Seriously rubbish service and wrong unreasonable receptionist.

Author: Kyle Ellis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute shambles the lot of them kicking me out the surgery for no reason and the called up yesterday to request an immediate supply of medication due to them kicking me off there systems and called up today and they said we can’t do it due to you not finishing your last lot of prescribed medication and then dr bashir Ahmed his attitude is disgusting towards patients and so is the manager rifat bashir questioning me why I couldn’t make the appointment when had a family emergency and said you could of called up I would never ever join this surgery they are shambles the lot of them honestly makes my skin crawl how they can’t even read nhs guidelines properly and refusing medication

Author: Kyle Witten
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shambles no care in the world for there patients disgusting this place needs closing down !!!

Author: Roman Haile
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
On Wednesday, I visited the Gp. I talk to the receptionist who sitting in the corner she is unprofessional she was rude and disrespectful to me no reason, if she is not happy to help,she shouldn't be there,I could give to her zero star.

Author: Sophie Bailey
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If i could give 0 stars i would. Registered for an urgent appointment, given i am extremely sick. Briyanka, the receptionist was very rude, spoke over me and hung up the call without resolution. AVOID THIS PRACTICE AT ALL COSTS. I will be registering elsewhere. UPDATE: I told this practice i no longer want to be registered here and a few days later i had confirmation of my registration. I will be raising a formal complaint.

Author: Kasim Mahmood
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doesn’t matter if your complaining about chest pains, or if 111 have told them to also give you a call. They won’t call you. Absolute joke of a surgery!

Author: Mohammed Kamran Ali (KAMZO)
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Overall rude receptionist and highly disrespectful nurses and doctors. It's a shame they don't deserve a one star I regret giving them this credibility, there value is none the reseptionist's acts as if they are the doctors themselves and have a nasty attitude problem. Plus today visited them due to a follow up review about my medication I have received a call from an unknown new doctor that doesn't know me and works at the medical center and he started an argument with my mother and first things first do the doctors even check before hand, what medication the patient is taking? I don't think they do I have been taking Setralin for ages and the very rude doctor declined that I took Setralin to treat my depression i have proof in my medical records and history that I still take it as well as in the past and furthermore he was very disrespectful to me and my mother, he would not let us explain after attempting to explain to him about me. He was expecting us to tell him everything off the bat something that he could have checked himself in my medical history in my records, to be honest this is really poor service and lazy nothing about his interactions with us was professional. He caused more confusion than solution. I have also noticed that in the review section I have seen some people are being treated far more better than others, "THIS NEEDS TO BE REVISED AND DEALT WITH!."
