Practice: SWANSWELL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M85177
Postcode: B27 7AL
Google Maps title: Swanswell Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Swanswell+Medical+Centre/@52.4325345,-1.8192015,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870ba2829b56847:0x15ecf18c841795e2!8m2!3d52.4325313!4d-1.8166212!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdkg2cx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85177-swanswell-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Miss T
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had an issue here if you are polite to staff you get politeness In return absolutely fab surgery Seems Acocks green is full of rude patients who don't know how to talk to the staff with respect, they do their job and are very good DON'T be afraid to come here be polite and you will get the same back it's easy Also the receptionist Hailey/Hayley who is beyond helpful and kind she deserves a big thankyou from the surgery for trying to help the patients as much as she can

Author: Dee Bow
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is for the part-time doctors that diagnosed the state of my knees. (ADVISING THAT I DON'T PUT WEIGHT ON MY KNEES??) And for the orthopaedic "Specialists." What happened to humanity over extortionate prices made up prices for consultations? P.S. X-RAYS DO NOT SHOW SOFT TISSUE DAMAGE LIKE MY DESTROYED TENDONS AND LIGAMENTS. Experiencing multiple knee dislocations over 40 years typically results in chronic patellar instability and often leads to significant long-term issues, most notably the development of post-traumatic osteoarthritis. A single case report describes a patient with habitual dislocation for 40 years who was successfully treated with a combination of surgical procedures. Diagnosis: A thorough evaluation by an orthopedic specialist is essential, typically involving X-rays and an MRI, to determine the extent of the damage to ligaments, cartilage, and bone structure. P.S. THANK YOU DOCTOR SHERWOOD. YOU REALLY DID TRY YOUR BEDT EVEN THOUGH IVE NEVER MET YOU FACE TO FACE, IT BEING RIDICULOUS PHONE CALL APPOINTMENTS.

Author: Louise
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I filled in a patient form for appointment this morning, have been contacted by text message basically telling me that my hand locking up and pain im in is nothing serious .

Author: Ricky Klem
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting abusive very offensive, pathetic dr james was my GP and basically made me suicidal by his opinions .avoid this man he should be struck off..

Author: Esther Watson
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP thought a text message my mom couldn't reply to was a suitable annual review for my mom who has a lifelong, life threatening illness and current problems which can be life threatening. She is entitled to an annual review which no doubt they claim money for and she gets a no reply text message. I'm beyond disgusted. This is just the latest in a catalogue of poor treatment. Update the Dr did finally see my mom, they rang her within 10 minutes of me posting this review (without the update 2 years ago) and referred her to specialists. Unfortunately it was too late and the damage done to her lungs by her lupus was unrepairable. We lost her to this in April 2025 despite her fighting to stay alive. The hospital tried their very best but her lungs gave out when she got pneumonia again because of the popcorn lung that lupus had caused. Our beautiful kind mum is a light that will always be remembered and forever missed.

Author: Gehan Tabie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What is the point of registering with the GP if u can't see them , every time I call there is no appointment available no matter what time I call , and they alwayes say go to walking center , I already did and they said he need to be seen by the GP that I can't see for few years , awful service

Author: christine Cuin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had last week the most amazing service from the medical centre from seeing the doctor,to having blood test and results. Amazing staff and professional service

Author: Harpreet Kaur
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Harpreet Kaur9 months ago

Author: Noel Hampson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent Service, Reception staff are polite, friendly, well trained and offer advice where appropriate to their respective roles, unless you are abusive then not so good !!!! You can please some people most of the time but you cant please all of the people all of the Time. Them's the breaks.

Author: Danny
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Polite helpful staff try best to get you an appointment
