Practice: BUCKLANDS END LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: M85113
Postcode: B34 6BP
Google Maps title: Bucklands End Lane Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 153
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bucklands+End+Lane+Surgery/@52.4987393,-1.8048135,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870babe0a23a16d:0x110a38b053deb358!8m2!3d52.4987361!4d-1.8022332!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf0q1cd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85113-bucklands-end-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Penelope Ellen Husselbee
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff always ready to help nurse makes you feel at ease and doctors too I would say we are very lucky

Author: Neelam S
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This is not the first issue I’ve had with this practice. There appears to be a recurring pattern of disregarding my clear request to see a doctor. When I recently called for an appointment, I explicitly asked to see a doctor. Chloe (receptionist) attempted to book me with a physician associate instead and implied they were effectively the same as a doctor, stating they “do the same thing.” That is misleading. Doctors and physician associates do not have the same training, qualifications, or prescribing authority. I should not have to argue repeatedly just to secure the type of appointment I asked for in the first place. I was then told I was being rude simply for asserting my request. Patients have the right to be given accurate information and to request an appointment with a doctor without being pressured or misled. This ongoing issue needs to be addressed.

Author: Kelly D
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible practice, Dr Sinah has an issue telling the truth, they use medication to weaponise when trying to bully you, numerous phone and F2F recordings of them which totally contradicts what they've written on your medical notes, they hate it when you confront or try to confront them on their awful behaviour. Dr Sinah has been caught multiple times both on telephone and F2F appointments and when challenged about this will start throwing her weight around and raising her voice in an aggressive manner then tries to have you removed from the practice for her unprofessional practice. Denise the practice manager does not return calls even when she has promised to do so regarding complaints and refused to do thorough investigations regarding the poor treatment of patients. Dr Sinah smacked me in the face while manhandling me 3 days post operative surgery while I was visibly already upset due to severe pain, half dressed and bent over in agony and didn't record it in the accident book (which is illegal I might add) Patients are dismissed, blamed, ignored and discarded as if something on the bottom of their shoe. All in all (with the exception of the lovely Emma and one other lady that works on the front desk) there is very little positive to say regarding this surgery and the way it is practiced so my recommendation is to AVOID!! Iffical complaints have been made to those higher up through direct gov and solicitors advice has been sourced meaning now thankfully everything (including all recordings) will be being investigated thoroughly. TERRIBLE PRACTICE AND ONLY REASON YOU GOT A STAR AT ALL WAS BECAUSE I HAD TO SO I COULD LEAVE THE REVIEW. DO BETTER!!

Author: Choudhry Yasir A.J.K
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, wonderful staff and doctors Only one downside is the offensive toyota estima taxi drivers outside My goodness, we are in England, not Dadyal in Kashmir!

Author: Arfaq Ahmed
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not helpful at all just waste of time

Author: Lakshmi Periyasamy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered with two different GP practices before, in different places, but I can honestly say this one has been the best experience for me. From the moment I joined, I noticed a real difference in the way the practice is run and how patients are cared for.Whenever I call, the staff do their very best to arrange an appointment for me, and they are always polite and supportive. That itself makes a huge difference, as I feel that my concerns are taken seriously and that I am being looked after. My GP, Dr. Machado, is truly outstanding. He listens with patience, explains everything clearly, and gives practical advice that I can follow. What I value the most is his positive and reassuring approach , h e never rushes me, and his kind words and encouragement give me real confidence in managing my health. From my personal experience, the care and support I have received here are far better than what I had before. I feel very fortunate to be registered with this practice and to have Dr. Machado as my GP. I would strongly recommend this practice to anyone looking for excellent, patient-centred care.

Author: Sonia Mughees
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you for your review
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review

Author: Steve
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The practice, it's a liar, disrespect unfortunately as well. In processes of leaving, they said practice manager she sick leave, then they told me that on Thursday, 28th August 2025. that they'd get Barbara the secretary to call me? But the practice is closed. And one of the doctors called me a liar and disrespectful, and that I was rude. I was not. They don't respect people's mental health, disabilities, people who have autism? like i would recommend to leave this practice. I say they DON'T respect people's health issues Yours Sincerely.

Author: Aneesa ali
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Aneesa ali10 months ago

Author: Omar F
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We have been with this surgery for a few years and always issues getting a appointment and when we do it's not with a doctor. My wife had a headache an feeling dizzy on Sunday so, waited a few days by taking paracetamol but on Wednesday 2 April, I phoned to make appointment the receptionist Georgia gave my wife a telephone appointment as that's only available but when Dr Elizabeth finnegan phoned back an spoke to my wife, my wife told her about the issue she is having but rather then the Dr giving my wife a face to face appointment she told my wife to phone back tomorrow morning and book a appointment instead. I phoned back next day still didn't get a face to face appointment and told me that Georgia the receptionist had put down on the system that I refused to take a face to face appointment but she lied about this as I wanted a face to face appointment but she refused to give it but after explaining to the receptionist and had to argue and then she booked a appointment for Friday morning which was 25 hours later but when I put the phone down my wifes situation had worsen so I immediately phoned back and told the same receptionist that my wife's health had worsen so I'm taking her to heartlands hospital as she can't wait till tomorrow which is another 25 hours later. When my wife was seen at urgent care at heartlands hospital my wife's blood pressure was very high 209 over 106 and the doctors said she was and is at risk of a stroke or heart attack but later was given BP tablets and her BP was controlled and was discharged but still has spinning headache. This surgery is awfull as because if the doctor and receptionists my wife could have suffered more health issues. I phoned on Friday to get a sick note for my wife and was told by another receptionist that the previous receptionist didn't note down anything on the surgery system that I had phoned back and cancelled the appointment and also told her that I'm raking my wife to heartlands hospital as my wife's health had worsen. Such awful staff at this surgery. I will be leaving this surgery and putting a complain how my wife was treated.
