Practice: AL-SHAFA MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M85123
Postcode: B6 6JY
Google Maps title: Al-shafa Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Al-shafa+Medical+Centre/@52.5056431,-1.8946892,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bca57972f2c5:0x5fcadf2a2e215a7d!8m2!3d52.5056399!4d-1.8921089!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vpq69ws?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85123-al-shafa-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tanweer Akhter
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
After experiencing injustice and wrongful actions committed by the previous doctors surgery at Heathfield family centre my son and I joined this surgery who also let us down with their wrongful actions which caused harassment, alarm and distress to my family. The doctor in question left incorrect negative information in my sons health records by another professional who was responsible, who caused harm to my sons record. When i confronted the doctor in question he replied he can't dispute against the doctor who did wrong. Yet he left the incorrect information in my son's health records and refused to take the evidence I had of witness statements that proves the doctor put incorrect information about what was discussed at my sons assessment appointment between my son and the doctor with a witness present (my friend). The doctor ripped up my friends witness statement and told me to keep the other witness statement for my record but did not add it in my sons health records to cause my son further harm and damage. This caused harm and damage to my sons health records for other professionals to take advantage of to cover up their past wrongful actions. This surgery then caused further harassment to my family by sending out malicious appointment letters and not investigating the doctor in question who committed wrongful actions at this surgery. They ignored my sons letter how upset he was at the doctor who refused to listen to him of the wrong the other doctor did to him and how upset he was at the social services who didn't listen to him and kept causing him and his mother further stress. This just shows their interest was more in covering up for those professionals who caused my son harm in the past and to put all false blame on me for the crimes others are responsible of committing who walked away without being held accountable for their wrongful actions or for them to be brought to justice for their crimes including the social services who made a malicious visit to my house to cause further harassment, alarm and distress to my son to cover up their past crimes which I find not acceotable. The GMC turned a blind eye on the evidence I sent them of the doctor's wrongful actions. It does make one lose trust in professionals after the injustice you experience. I received no apology from this surgery of the damage they've caused my son. A law abiding citizen A crime investigator.

Author: atiyyah
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Duggal has to be one of the worst doctors I’ve ever come across. Rude, abrupt, dismissive with an aloof attitude. See previous reviews as there’s a theme here with this particular clinician. Practice needs to act before someone is wronged relating to clinical concerns.

Author: Sahil Ch
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sahil ChLocal Guide · 4 reviews2 months ago

Author: Sheeda Pastol
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't believe in 2025 this surgery is still making me feel like it's stuck in 1999. I'd give it 0 stars if I could. It's only still running because most it's patients are non English speaking old people who don't know/want to complain. It's a disaster. You can hardly get an appointment and when you do the doctors always in a rush and is rude. The place and the people need a full refurbishment.

Author: Yasmin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a frustrating experience with the appointment system, as it was difficult to secure a scheduled time with a doctor. I felt that access to treatment could be improved, and I found some interactions to be less than courteous.

Author: muslim m
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This medical centre has been extremely difficult to deal with. You can’t get an appointment unless you call on Monday at 8 a.m., but the phone lines are always busy and it’s almost impossible to get through. On the rare chance you do get through, all the appointments are already gone. If you or your child becomes unwell on any other day, you’re told to wait until the following Monday or contact NHS 111, which is unacceptable. I’ve also experienced very rude and unsympathetic behaviour from one of the doctors, particularly the female GP. Her attitude has made appointments uncomfortable and unhelpful. Overall, the service has been very poor, and I am planning to leave this GP practice. Patients deserve better access and more respectful care.

Author: Aga khan Hussain
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This was a very good place I've been with these GPs all my life but naw it's no good at all can't get a oppionment at all they need to change there staff who think they are doctors I've always thought good about thus place but 0% no good

Author: Reeba
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had nothing but positive experiences at this practice. The reception team are always professional, kind and empathetic, even when it’s busy. Azra in particular is a true gem. She’s always patient, understanding and genuinely goes above and beyond to help. Over the years, I’ve also seen several GPs here, and I’ve always left feeling well cared for and reassured. Highly recommend this practice – keep up the great work!

Author: Hasan Mohamed
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst GP practice ever. I haven't been able to get an appointment, and it’s been extremely difficult to reach them by phone since September. I don’t understand why the government allows them to operate this way.🤔🤔😡 …

Author: Sh G
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst surgery by far in Birmingham, how are these receptionist still have their jobs after getting so many complaints against them is ridiculous and absurd clearly nobody cares enough to put an investigation on these people.
