Practice: CHARLES ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: M85679
Postcode: B10 9AB
Google Maps title: Charles Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 7
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Charles+Road+Surgery/@52.4724016,-1.8531602,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bba0e5029f8b:0x21589ca913c8c3e8!8m2!3d52.4723984!4d-1.8505799!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vxz91c5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85679-charles-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ambz A
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
After years of appalling service which the reviews reflect, the surgery really seems to have turned it around. The receptionists have a more approachable demeanour and there are more doctors who pay attention and care. Dr Arif has always been consistent with his care and detail for patients, but now many more such as Dr Luqmaan, Dr Fatima, Dr Rahman etc are also amazing at providing support - thank you for finally hearing all the complaints and resolving the ongoing issues!

Author: M
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The service used to be appalling, it seems that there is a new receptionist who actually answer the phone! Doctors & nurses here are always super nice.

Author: riffat bi
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good give appointment when needs

Author: Junaid Awan
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible receptionist, rude Asian woman. Acting like she’s some high end doctor but only someone who answers the phone

Author: Safdar Ali
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff is very bad not very helpful a year ago Very rude mannered receptionists, we need the old receptionist but All doctors is very nice and helpful 👍 …

Author: H Hu
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Automated recording stuck on you’re caller number 3 while they sit and do no work

Author: Daniel Ali
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
They don’t have any availably. And they’re always Busy.

Author: zarah iqbal
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff are extremely rude and incompetent. On many occasions I have been given the wrong information by them which has resulted in me not getting my medication. Considering they are the face of the practice they show very little enthusiasm to assist patients in a professional manner. However the doctors are amazing especially dr arif who has always been helpful and assuring. The reception staff really let this practice down.

Author: Danny Hussain
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Charles Road Surgery has consistently proven to be a very poorly managed and inadequate practice. The doctors there seem uninterested in providing thorough care, often dismissing serious concerns with generic advice like "take paracetamol" or "drink hot fluids." Appointments feel rushed, and there is little to no follow-up on ongoing health issues. Communication is poor, with patients left feeling neglected and unheard. It's alarming that such a lack of attention and care can be allowed to continue, as it undermines the trust patients place in their healthcare providers and can lead to serious, avoidable consequences. Relating on to this I’m deeply upset by the poor care provided by the doctors at Charles Road Surgery, which I believe played a significant role in my little brother's death. Despite repeated visits and concerns raised about his health, they failed to properly investigate his symptoms or offer appropriate care. Their dismissive attitude and lack of thoroughness in diagnosing his condition meant that critical opportunities to intervene were missed. My family is heartbroken, and I strongly feel that their negligence and lack of compassion contributed to this tragic loss. We expected far better care, and instead, we were left with devastating consequences. Charles Road Surgery needs to be closed down because the doctors there consistently show a lack of care and concern for their patients' well-being. It’s their job to save lives and provide proper medical attention, but instead, they routinely dismiss serious health concerns with inadequate advice, failing to perform the necessary examinations or follow-ups. This negligence is dangerous and puts patients at risk. When doctors no longer prioritize the health and safety of those they are supposed to care for, the surgery becomes a liability, and it’s clear that drastic action is needed to protect the community.

Author: Asim Max
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this GP practice since birth and im now in my mid thirties, i have never had a bad experience here. The Dr’s listen to your issues and will prescribe the right treatment for you. I would like to, in particular state that Dr Arif Zafar is one of the most caring Dr’s i have ever met. The reception staff are polite and helpful. Dont listen to the negative reviews, they are from people who probably who didnt get their own way
