Practice: HEATHFIELD FAMILY CENTRE
Canonical code: M85634
Postcode: B19 1HL
Google Maps title: Heathfield Family Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 160
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Heathfield+Family+Centre/@52.5062374,-1.9126021,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bcc87055ddf5:0xa4e4a5c95676733d!8m2!3d52.5062342!4d-1.9100218!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc72myw7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85634-heathfield-family-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tanweer Akhter
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
When you witness a doctor you put your trust in for years who betrays that trust by causing harm to your child's health records that trust is completely gone after that. When my sister made a malicious false allegation to social services against me and wanted to remain anonymous to hide her wrongful actions when it clearly shows on record it was her who harmed my son by pinching him and making him bleed with her sharp nails, instead of the doctor in question reporting his concerns to the child welfare team to investigate the harm my sister caused my son, the doctor ommitted it out of my son's health records that the allegation my sister made was malicious and false which caused me further damage for other professionals to take advantage of to cover up their own crimes and of crimes committed by those responsible who further caused harm to my son to put that false blame on me too where I was a victim who witnessed injustice and crimes committed . I received no apology from the doctor in question. Doctors who do wrong should be held accountable for the damage they cause their victim to either compensate them with the damage they've caused or send out a written apology and accept the responsibility of their wrongful actions. A law abiding citizen A crime investigator.

Author: yosef afrane
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Today I met the nurse at heat field family center.Really I’m happy with the good explanations given by the nurse.She is very helpful and dedicated for her work.Any how I appreciated her for whatever deeds she had done for me.Go on sister.Many thanks to you.

Author: Don Tv
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse doctors in Birmingham.

Author: Dulcie A Phoenix
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
A very efficient surgery! Friendly practice staff, always helpful, the phlebotomist was great today! (19:2:26)She found my vein first time! I don’t have the easiest veins, I’m on a fluid restriction and blood pressure sometimes low.

Author: MK Salar
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
MK Salar1 review · 1 photoa month ago

Author: Noah Timkat
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have used about 4 GP surgeries over 12 years because of my chronic health issues. The Heathfield Family Centre is the best experience I have had. I will give them distinction. I rate them highly. Communication is excellent, and their service is top notch. They have the best administrative team and GPs. Ever considered registering with any surgery? Give them a trial. They will definitely exceed your expectations. Bravo, kindly keep it up!!! You are the best 👌

Author: Shabana Parkar
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Some drs are really good they listen to you and check you well ,where as there are some drs who are rude, shout and don't even check you properly. Go for an appointment and they say you have 10mins and I can only listen to one thing. How rude.

Author: Naggin Khan
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The nurses are tremendous, and so are the receptionists. Mr Kauser the physician is a very good practitioner, he listens to your problems and takes you seriously.

Author: dinesh parekh
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Firstly the reception staff (especially the older lady) here try and be as unhelpful as possible! It’s been like this a long time. She comes across as you are uneducated and thick! She lies and tries to fob you off! Power mad. She obviously needs a lot more training despite her working for many years. Secondly you can refuse to be seen by a physician associate(PA) they are not doctors- they don’t even need to do or have a medical degree- and their training is not even 10% of a medical professional!

Author: Mo Khan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Been with my doctors for about 40 years now - from when it used to be with Dr Venugopal at Trinity Road surgery to here now when it moved around 10-12years. I usually see Dr Yusuf who’s always helped me but I usually attend via phone appointments as I’m at work when they give face to face meetings . Main downside as with most doctors nowadays is trying to get appointments and best way is either on the phone app via patient access or nhs app otherwise to try and see doctors asap you have to call 8am in the morning and wait in the queue.
