Practice: NASEBY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M85722
Postcode: B8 3HE
Google Maps title: Naseby Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Naseby+Medical+Centre/@52.489203,-1.8481575,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bb10f2ac604d:0x2e33a56cfd764deb!8m2!3d52.4891998!4d-1.8455772!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9twh5l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85722-naseby-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kh Hu
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is useless, never answer the fone, untrained reception staff. Terrible surgery

Author: Shafqat Abbas
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disappointing experience with a new GP. I have previously had positive experiences with other GPs at this surgery; however, my experience since this new doctor joined has been very poor. I attended two appointments over the course of one month for ongoing and severe back pain. On both occasions, there was no thorough examination or assessment. No medication was prescribed, and I was simply advised to purchase ibuprofen from a pharmacy. There was no investigation, management plan, or follow-up offered despite persistent symptoms. When a medical sick note was requested due to difficulty continuing work because of pain, this was refused, and I was told to return to work and come back at a later time. This felt dismissive and lacking in appropriate clinical judgement and empathy. Pain should be taken seriously, even when it is not caused by an obvious injury such as a fracture. Unfortunately, this experience did not meet the standard of care I have previously received at this practice.

Author: Neelum Mushtaq
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Since the new management. Surgery is very good, same day emergency appointments, new line for repeats, people complaining no one answering, if patients take less time on each call you can get appointments, go in morning, you’ll Definitely get an emergency appointment, can also send messages to surgery on NHS APP, people complaining are those who were running the surgery previously, 80% last management were unprofessional and 20% is patients who call and tell the go what to provide them rather, ps the previous manager should be sacked , I really hope none of them come back. They misused the NHS system, no referrals, no checking medicines. Due to all this many people dies with illness because the previous GPS and management wouldn’t refer patients, ridiculous,

Author: Nayab Farooq
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
All day yesterday and again this morning, I have been trying to contact the surgery to book an emergency appointment for my daughter. Each time, after waiting on hold for over 30 minutes, the call is cut off. The new staff are even less helpful than before. If the phone lines are this busy, the surgery needs to invest in more lines and more staff to manage the demand.

Author: Abu Khan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Naseby Medical Centre, based in Saltley and caring for more than 5,500 patients, has been rated "Inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC). The CQC said inspectors were concerned about unsafe care, including poor medicines management, inadequate monitoring of high-risk drugs, and weak safeguarding processes. Source BBC

Author: Amara Emzz
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give it zero stars if I could! I barely book any appointments and when I do its a serious matter. I had an appointment today and because of the location of this surgery around 3 school I was over my time by 5 mins or so and the locum doctor Sulaiman Shah refused to see me. Had I been there for 3pm exact I still would have been with the doc 5 mins later. He's getting paid for refusing to see patients. I would have taken max 10 to 15 mins at the appointment anyways I never prolong my time at the surgery but I am so so ever so disappointed at the way this doctor and the surgery handled this situation. I specifically needed to see the doc because of work reasons. I am no longer going to be visiting this surgery this was my last time, I'll also make sure that none of my family ever has to deal with this surgery any more. Enough is enough no wonder the ratings never go up.

Author: arabica1982
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Our own gps have been suspended and the surgery is a shambles more so. You walk in and there's no one waiting but when calling the front receptionist have the decision to give you an appointment which is ridiculous. What you have now is a caretaker surgery where random locum doctors are coming in and don't really want to know what your going through. I had a medical issue and I was told to eat chicken soup as a medication! Doesn't look like our own GPS are coming back any soon

Author: Nafeesah K
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Verbally abuse patience and they lie a lot about things and don’t keep track of the right things

Author: Ľìmįţɛð Ęđìțìøŋ
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery should be closed down they lack in every way possible 🤬 …

Author: Chillbo Baggins
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The doctors and surgery in general isn't bad, it's quite good actually, it's just sometimes over the phone mostly, but overall the receptionists, doctors and staff are very good and helpful.
