Practice: DRUID GROUP - EMC SURGERY
Canonical code: M85706
Postcode: B16 0HZ
Google Maps title: EMC Surgery
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/EMC+Surgery/@52.486432,-2.0192745,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDRUID+GROUP+-+EMC+SURGERY+B16+0HZ!3m8!1s0x4870bd00da4b8ab3:0xc71263d6ccfed9e3!8m2!3d52.486432!4d-1.9430568!9m1!1b1!15sCiFEUlVJRCBHUk9VUCAtIEVNQyBTVVJHRVJZIEIxNiAwSFpaISIfZHJ1aWQgZ3JvdXAgZW1jIHN1cmdlcnkgYjE2IDBoepIBD3N1cmdpY2FsX2NlbnRlcpoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VSSU9UbFhUMnBSUlJBQuABAPoBBAg9EBQ!16s%2Fg%2F11rx3f5brq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85706-druid-group-emc-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: jay k
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
It’s basically a PA surgery rather than a GP surgery. And you have to force them to tell you that they’re a PA (you shouldn’t have to ask 3 times whether they’re a GP or not). You call and ask to be booked with a doctor and get to the appointment to find out it’s a PA. If you don’t specify when booking an appointment, they just book you with a PA. Only good experience has been with Cynthia. The rest of the PAs are not good clinicians from what I’ve experienced. This used to be a great surgery, when you could actually get an appointment with a GP.

Author: Tyrone Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best surgery i have been with done my gp registration with in 24 hours was registerd next day i called for a same day appointment at the same time doctor sorted my repeats less stress for me thank u guys i recommend this practice

Author: Sarzina
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The staff there are really lovely. Would recommend registering to this doctors surgery. Really helpful but I’m not happy with the wait time Of prescription's iv been going through a lot of symptoms and iv been told my vitamin D and calcium is low but the doctors are taking hours to send it to the pharmacy electronically . Not happy as iv been unable to physically function properly including mentally too .

Author: Mohammed Akhlaq
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist Amy was very helpful & polite in organising my appointment. Many thanks.

Author: S H
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Customer service at reception is ridiculous they don’t even respect you. doctors too make you wait for important things won’t give information out. But the ladies are really bad

Author: Andrea Lam
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff are very nice and helpful. We came to this GP following the address in the registration letter, but it turned out that the appointment was actually at a different GP. The staff kindly helped us by calling the correct practice and arranging a phone consultation with the doctor. We really appreciate their help! Thank you so much!

Author: Namra Iqbal
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 stars, I would. Every time I try to book an appointment they don't ever have anything available until over a week away. You can never book an in person emergency appointment because they don't exist. The phone appointments don't have an actual set time, it could be anywhere between 9am-12.30pm if they schedule it for the morning or between 1pm-6pm if they scheduled it for the afternoon. People have jobs and other important work that they can't just abandon to suit your GP's made up phone schedule. If you request a repeat prescription the receptionists will somehow forget to forward the request to the GP or if you inform the receptionists about a prescription that is not available at pharmacies, so an alternative is needed ASAP, the receptionists will 99.99% of the time will not write this information down anywhere. I have chronic pancreatitis and I'm also a type 1 diabetic. My body is no longer producing enough enzymes to digest food. There is a current shortage of CREON medication in the UK, so patients like myself need to be prescribed alternative medication in order to eat and keep our health conditions under control. The longest a patient should go without PERT medication (enzymes) is 3-4 days. This GP practice has made me go without enzyme medication is over 6 weeks. I couldn't eat properly for WEEKS, doubled over in severe pain, my blood glucose levels not stabilising properly, and the GP practice did nothing. I'm currently out of CREON again and the GP practice is doing the exact same thing by dismissing my pain and deteriorating health.

Author: Asma Malik
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Went in today and I didn't even finish my appointment and was told to leave by irum and tabasam Very rude service I hope the manger can assist this matter and call me back. Why was I thrown out when there was no issue.

Author: mariam anwar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have been going here a while and the service is really good. Would defo recommend

Author: stella monica
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This is a ghost surgery, no response to anything my prescription is 2 weeks overdue
