Practice: BURBURY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M85701
Postcode: B19 1TT
Google Maps title: Burbury Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 40
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Burbury+Medical+Centre/@52.5026705,-1.9131134,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bcc6fd9bae33:0x3121857522a594e1!8m2!3d52.5026673!4d-1.9105331!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cs2wv9ch?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M85701-burbury-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: men tal
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
men tal2 months ago

Author: Mariam Nr
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Bad. Manager in charge of service has upset mum and dad hop manager in charge of service I hope keep out of jobs upset mum and dad ask needs support help . Bad Dr GP not helpful to mum and dad .

Author: Fali
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Fali5 months ago

Author: MarM wb
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Bad receptionist on past messages on purposely to the doctor they know they're in. I aw Dr GP not helpful she listen to my stories I have autism learning disabilities she care . They don't use health check-ups anymore she forgets to do the learning disability checklist . Dr GP not helpful even if you try to explain something on the phone they don't type on your care record

Author: Sumi Begum
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sumi Begum7 months ago

Author: Sahira Sanchi
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Yesterday 17/05/2025 my we had an appointment of my baby girl it was her first check up in this disgusting surgery, first they call me and say can u have appointment for ur baby girl next Thursday I said yes when it was Wednesday they texted me ur appointment booked for Saturday I was like what the hell anyway i didn’t call them back I accepted that but on my appointment day I was just late for 15 mins because I don’t drive and booked taxi because I have another special child as well so taxi didn’t come because of some reason so started walk all the to surgery as I said I have special child he wasn’t happy walking outside that’s why I was late just 15 mins and the rude receptionist come on the door didn’t let me sit I was standing on the door with my children she started debating with me without asking doctor that if he going to see us or not even I told her in the beginning that I have baby and a special child and the reason was taxi and my child couldn’t walk it’s ok if was late for just 15 mins but she showed no remorse she didn’t bothered she continued debating like why u late no we can’t do that she didn’t even ask doctor and she behave very rude totally unprofessional behaviour and unacceptable attitude towards us I told her my appointment was on Thursday why u booked for Saturday without asking me but she wasn’t accepting that plus if we on time and doctors might busy with first patient we usually wait as well and when we ask from receptionist they usually say o it’s ok u to just wait because doctors busy with another patient and now why it’s not ok for u to just understand and be nice with patient if they late because of their circumstances for just 15 mins not an hours or something They behave totally unprofessional and unacceptable with me I’ll go through the formal complaint against them . Please my advice to everyone not to register with this surgery.

Author: Abdul Ahad
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would say one of the best surgery in Birmingham, very good doctors.

Author: Hassan Lnam
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am writing to formally lodge a complaint regarding the conduct of a member of your front reception staff. Recently, an elderly patient attempted to contact your practice to request an urgent appointment for a sick note required for a Universal Credit claim. Despite clearly explaining the urgency and importance of the request, the patient was met with dismissive, rude, and unprofessional behavior from the reception staff. Despite his persistent efforts and the urgency of his situation, he was met with dismissive and disrespectful behavior from the receptionist. He was left pleading and begging for assistance, only to be treated with what can only be described as outright rudeness and a lack of compassion. It appeared as though his genuine concerns were being trivialized, which is both unprofessional and deeply distressing. Such behavior not only undermines the trust patients place in your practice but also raises serious concerns about the standard of care and respect afforded to vulnerable individuals seeking assistance. I kindly request that this matter be investigated promptly and appropriate measures be taken to ensure that all patients are treated with the dignity and respect they deserve. I look forward to your response and the steps you will take to address this issue.
Practice response date: 11 months ago
Practice response:
Dear Hassan, I am very sorry you had a poor experience at the surgery. In order to investigate this matter further could you please get in contact with us via the comments and complaints form on our website please. If you can kindly include your and patient details so that we can look into this matter swiftly. Please folow the link to the page https://www.burburymedicalcentre.co.uk/SecureForm?FID=b90ea38a-a9ef-499f-9437-fe935655ba81&FT=0&GP=523317bc-78c5-4493-aca3-4fa18a787c72 Thank you Burbury Medical Centre

Author: Anisha Abedin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I disgusting GP practice ever been to the staff are so rude. They think they are all that even though they work behind the desk one discuss the GP I have taken my family out from there disgusted. they take over a long time just to pick up the phone to put your hold for a really long time. I don’t know who I don’t know who different they are. Do you need to change your flipping stuff?

Author: Abdul Hamid
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I met with a female doctor today and her behaviour was fantastic unfortunately I don't know her name if I knew it would I mention it here she sits in room number 2. Thank you
