Practice: WINDMILL SURGERY
Canonical code: M86048
Postcode: CV6 6DR
Google Maps title: Windmill Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Windmill+Surgery/@52.4493515,-1.4881013,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774c04d3fc777b:0x53d2b218d60628b6!8m2!3d52.4493483!4d-1.485521!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1b016y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86048-windmill-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carl Davies
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Carl DaviesLocal Guide · 78 reviewsEdited a month ago

Author: Laura Tellyn
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service provided by the Doctors Surgery, form is super easy to complete, and appointments are much easier to get than the old way of phoning at 8:45 and waiting in a queue. All the Staff are friendly and welcoming and nothing is ever too much. Thank you for providing first class service

Author: HighestPraisestoGod
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Gonzalez-Sanz 5 Star 🌟 inshallah Allaah Willing ✨️🕋. Sageer Alam …

Author: Anna Beszterda
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Edit: Just updating this review to say that the out-of-hours appointment the receptionist supposedly booked for me for today's morning never happened (It's 7pm now) so that's 2 appointments this week that haven't happened due to no fault of mine. Contacted the GP this morning asking for another prescription of Naproxen as I have run out and have a long term condtion for which they prescribed Naproxen in the past and was even advised via a text message by this practice this morning to continue taking Naproxen and mix it with painkillers but then was called by a receptionist saying that because it has been longer than 6 months since my last prescription I'll need a review with a doctor but the doctor doesn't have the time to call me today so I'm supposed to call back on Monday and they'll see whether they have any appointments available. After about 20 minutes of arguing and explaining my condition to the person on the phone she has very reluctantly agreed to book me an out of hours appointment for tomorrow. It shouldn't be this difficult to get someone to listen and to get help especially when you can't even get up on your own because of the pain you're in. This practice has known about my condition from the beginning, despite that I have to be constantly fighting to get any help. I have been fighting to see a specialist for over a year but they only agreed to a referral a few months ago when I had a really bad incident even then they haven't actioned anything that the specialist has requested. They only actioned it when I chased them regarding the referral 2 months later. Now that they got the results back suddenly I'm on an urgent referral yet I'm being ignored for such a simple thing as help with dealing with pain. This is just ridiculous and nobody should be fighting for their own health the way you need to fight for it at Windmill Surgery.

Author: Stuart Williamson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just have to say the reception team theirs manners are amazing 👏 considerate about the problem and quickly filled the form to see the doctor no hesitation . Well done ladies on an amazing job you might not hear it as often as you need

Author: Sherin Shaji
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sherin ShajiLocal Guide · 25 reviews · 26 photos5 months ago

Author: Katie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionist Nashreem is like a spoilt teenager, can't articulate herself correctly for her job position. Has no consideration for anyones personal circumstances. What is with all these doctors receptionists that think they can speak to you like rubbish. Late diagnosis for breast cancer an told that the reason I keep getting ill is a good sign, means my immune system is working when infact I have just been diagnosed with lung cancer. The doctors dismissed my symptoms an told me I'm ok ? This was not the case. Do not be silenced by any one doctors or otherwise if you feel something is wrong push to get see by the specialist in hospital else it could be to late
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
I'm sorry you feel you didn't receive an appropriate service. Please contact the surgery to raise a complaint to allow me to investigate this further. Susan Walsh - Practice Manager.

Author: Pedro Foguet
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Whenever I need advice or help from my doctor I always get it. Over the last couple of years getting through over the phone had become a bit more difficult but my impression is that this issue is already improving. Specially grateful to Dr Gonzalez that has always treated me with extreme courtesy and professionalism
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review, I will share your comments with the whole team. We are constantly monitoring and adjusting our system to improve patient experiences with contacting the surgery.

Author: Paweł Ludian
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Someone scattered nails and screws around the building, after each visit I had a flat tire. It's been three time already. In general public service there is very good.

Author: Ann Palton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hats off to the doctor, Jayne (reception manager) and Jasmine (receptionist) Brought my elderly mother in law in for her appointment. Doctor was running late. When called in she was very apologetic for the delay. She treated my mother in law with kindness and took time to listen and advised what we should do. There was some problem with the doctors printer. I was sent to the receptionist desk to sort it out. There was a few issues which took time I was getting flustered. But Jasmine and Jayne explained, reassured and sorted it out. Despite being short staffed and overworked they were professional and kind. Thank you ladies I know your work is not always appreciated. Just know most of us appreciate what you do but sometimes it goes unsaid.
