Practice: COPSEWOOD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M86046
Postcode: CV2 5NB
Google Maps title: Copsewood Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Copsewood+Medical+Centre/@52.4063838,-1.4691737,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774965281d28ff:0x389e93e14102517!8m2!3d52.4063806!4d-1.4665934!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tggn4c_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86046-copsewood-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Clare Pittaway
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
I switched to Copsewood a few years ago after an array of negative experiences with another practice. Receptionists are always friendly and helpful, and I don't have to wait weeks to speak to a doctor. Today is the first slightly negative experience I've had where we didn't get seen until 40 minutes after appointment time, but it wasn't the staffs fault. They were so apologetic too.

Author: Habeba Mostafa Ahmed Ali
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If there is a zero stars they should be having it. Very poor service and very late response with poor mannered reception. I'm not sure why they are in medical practice at all.

Author: Sam Deeprose1270
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
3 stars only because past care has been very good. They have always been good, but have recently failed in two areas: meds (asthma) and treatment. The newer reception staff are not so friendly or empathic, Alison is different though, she's always helpful and efficient. I've recently been the most ill that I have been in a very long time (decades!) and I could not get past the reception team to see GP or for asthma meds. I've had/got a chest infection and needed antibiotics (last Wednesday-Tues now, 6 days!), sick note (yesterday) and my breathlessness was really bad. I never use or need Ventolin but I have been using it to excess this week - reception team would NOT listen. I've had to self refer to secondary care to get fast care for breathing issues. A specialist team for chest (respiratory) issues has just contacted me and prescribed what I've been asking for since last Wednesday (7 days!). Epic failure from Copsewood this last week, I'm taking my family out. I specifically told reception team last Wednesday that I was asthmatic and had a chest infection, but they would not or should I say they: 'could not' magic up an appointment that wasn't available" - their words. My pharmacy stated that GP surgeries are 'misleading' patients by referring them to pharmacies which cannot do what to the GP receptionist say they can. It's a mess! I understand that but asthma patients have always been treated more efficiently in my experience. Last year/2 years ago my adult son was hospitalised because of inaffective care and a 'battle' to see GP at Copsewood. I complained but still have had no response. I think they have too many patients and insufficient GP' to cover...we all know why that's practiced. Dr Kazmi and her team have failed me/my family twice in 2 years to two serious illnesses and we rarely need or visit GP in the first place.

Author: Shirley Taylor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Shirley Taylor4 reviews4 months ago

Author: dave white
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
dave whiteLocal Guide · 25 reviews · 10 photos5 months ago

Author: Marie O'Loughlin
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been with Copsewood Medical centre for nearly 60 years. Dr Kazme and other drs and nurses have always been supportive to all our family over the years. Receptionists are extremely helpful especially Alison and Sarah, always ready to answer queries and arrange appointments. Wouldn’t go anywhere else.

Author: John O'Loughlin
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with Copsewood medical centre for life. I have always received exceptional care and advice. I have felt listened to and supported with my condition.

Author: Sharon Russell
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is my doctors surgery

Author: Karen Lock
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank whoever helped me today.I had run out of one of my tablets and was anxious and requested your help,my dilemma was sorted out thanks to the help and kindness of your staff thank you.

Author: Nichola Bolesworth
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always receive fast friendly service ...receptionist are always helpful and friendly..
