Practice: WALSGRAVE HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M86040
Postcode: CV2 2SW
Google Maps title: Walsgrave Health Centre
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 76
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Walsgrave+Health+Centre/@52.4225073,-1.4463625,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877493befa3b18b:0x73cc086ef542fd69!8m2!3d52.4225041!4d-1.4437822!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg6k18d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86040-walsgrave-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sammi Seeley
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Allan shouldn’t be a doctor what doctor don’t see a patient since.joining over 2 years appointments by text message a joke . I’m bedbound aswell he refused antibiotics and had to get them from 111 . Gp refused dessings and painkillers disgusting even said I’m self neglected how when I have carers also saying I refused medications how when I’m not getting any ..complained to the practice manager and no reply so contacted nhs England

Author: Junaid Aleem
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Clueless staff. Barriers to access GP.

Author: Carol D
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Allen is rude , unapproachable and the reason we have left , all other staff have been amazing

Author: reshma shrestha
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called me for flu vaccination and went all the way to health centre- said I don’t meet the requirements for the vaccine. They should have reviewed and cancelled my appointment. Poor management! And Dr Allen he hardly sees you as a patient in person- always online appointments and online prescription. Not good at all.

Author: Lisa Bourne
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Steve Allen should be struck off. My daughter went to him about a recurring uti and was dismissed and told that she has no need to worry as she is only 21 and that he can not explain every sensation. Lack of empathy and care very concering his attitude is not one i would expect from a doctor. Also told she will need more uti infections before she needs to worry. If he continues to care ( or not care ) for patients the way he does something very serious is going to happen to a patient

Author: Selvamariappan Sankaraligam
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm disappointed there service. There staff not ready to listening my problems .

Author: J R
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Has to be the worst doctors ! Dr Allen is awful has no care for patients never calls when he is supposed to ! He should not be a doctor there is no care there what so ever ! Wait for a call all day because u are told ur on the list for a call bk to be then told by text to book in with the paramedic or go to A&E if it’s serious. He needs investigating !!!!

Author: Ju Perrys
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
2 reception staff very arrogant speak to you very authoritative even though they are just staff! Upon registration I assumed a nurse would take height weight blood pressure etc. Nope. You stand on a machine to do all. Then a member of reception take a blood pressure reading no medical qualification what so ever. No care or understanding at all with staff. All they seem to do is just doss around their reception area chatting and gossiping to each other with classified medical patient info on display to non. Medical staff like cleaners etc. No proper contact with gp just text messages if I had know a few months ago how bad this surgery was I would never have registered

Author: Dawn Haffner
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed by the standard of care my 92-year-old grandmother has received at this practice. Despite a BNP result of over 4000 and a hospital echocardiogram showing serious cardiac issues, no one from the surgery contacted us to explain the findings or arrange any follow-up. When we saw Dr Steve Allen to discuss the results, he told us “GPs don’t go through echocardiograms,” refused to explain the report, offered no reassurance, and didn’t carry out any observations or medication review. The consultation lasted 7 minutes and left my grandmother upset and humiliated. We only received an urgent referral because I personally chased the hospital directly — the GP hadn’t sent one, despite knowing the result. It was only after a hospital manager intervened that the referral was finally made. Dr Allen routinely declines phone consultations and instead sends vague, grammatically poor one-line text messages, even for serious clinical findings. One example was when a chest X-ray revealed fluid on my grandmother’s lungs — he sent a single text instead of calling or reviewing her in person. This kind of communication is completely inappropriate and shows a lack of care or urgency. Confidential results were also sent to my personal email without consent, and we received a fit note text for an unrelated patient — clear administrative failings. Reception staff have behaved unprofessionally on several occasions. I have a recording of two staff members speaking rudely about me after forgetting to hang up the phone. We also received a vague text on a Sunday evening about an appointment the next morning — no details, just a time. My grandmother woke early and got herself ready, only for us to arrive and be told by the receptionist it was a “reassurance call” she had booked herself — despite the results not even being back. It caused needless stress and upset. I submitted a detailed complaint weeks ago, which has been completely ignored. We’ve now moved my grandmother to a new GP practice, and I’m escalating this to the Parliamentary and Health Service Ombudsman and the GMC. If you’re caring for an elderly or vulnerable relative, I would strongly advise avoiding this surgery.

Author: ADTD TD
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give zero stars, I would. I recently moved to Coventry and, like most people, registered myself and my family with the nearest GP surgery—Walsgrave Health Centre. The registration was done online, and the next day we were called in for what they described as a "check-up." To my shock, the so-called check was done by a receptionist—not a nurse or doctor. She stepped out of reception and took our blood pressure, height, and weight using one of those automated machines on the wall. With the machine fixed in place, you couldn’t even stretch your arm properly for an accurate blood pressure reading. I have hypertension and am on medication, yet my reading came out as 120/60—the same for all family. Clearly, this was inaccurate and not handled properly. The following day, I returned to sort out medication for myself and my mother, book a proper GP or nurse appointment for a medication review, and get blood tests done with forms I had from my previous surgery. I also had health concerns I wanted to discuss. Unfortunately, the receptionist was incredibly dismissive and rude, telling me, “Computer Says Noo!,” and that no appointments could be booked, just because we want to as a new patients. When another staff member stepped in, instead of helping, they told us, that with our demands we were no to be a long time patients at their surgery and asked us to leave NOW, instead trying to solve the issue and book an appointment. This has been an absolutely appalling first impression of healthcare in Coventry. It’s no surprise at all, this practice receives such poor reviews. I’m sharing this because sharing is caring, and I genuinely worry about the quality of care current and future patients might receive here. Avoid this surgery if you can.
