Practice: BREDON AVENUE SURGERY
Canonical code: M86038
Postcode: CV3 2FD
Google Maps title: Bredon Avenue Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bredon+Avenue+Surgery/@52.4001173,-1.4481699,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877490b75ecc607:0x9ee122f26bec4201!8m2!3d52.4001141!4d-1.4455896!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9vf7np?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86038-bredon-avenue-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: kevin mussard
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless surgery. I contacted them about seborrheic dermatitis and was told it would take a couple of days to get approval from dermatology — it’s now been over a week and I’ve had no proper help while my condition has got worse. This is affecting my ability to go to work and even leave the house, and they’ve done nothing to speed things up or actually help. Trying to call them is just as bad. The receptionist talks over you and doesn’t even let you explain what’s going on. Completely dismissive and frustrating to deal with. There’s a reason this place is rated 2.2 on Google — poor communication, no urgency, and no real support when you actually need it.

Author: Lavey Mash
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had a problem with this practice.love it.

Author: brandon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had a really good experience when i went here. DR perlic was a really good doctor and helped me out with what i needed. 5 stars to dr perlic

Author: S M
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Clinician apparently called me at 10:30am after I made a call at 08:00 requesting an appointment. When I enquired as to why I did not receive a call I was told by receptionist “Ria” (may not be correct spelling) that the call had failed. I asked why another attempt was not made as this was not a fault on my part, to which she could not reply. I asked for the clinician to call back to which she said “I’ll pass the message on” then hung up without a goodbye. Receptionist lacked empathy and professionalism. Also, it’s now 22:52 and I still haven’t received a call from the clinician. Absolutely shocking - this practice should not be allowed to exist if this is how they treat people.

Author: Lejla hasanbegovic
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Lejla hasanbegovic1 review2 years ago

Author: David Feetenby
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Cancelled my medication without any contact or forewarning. Doctor refused and consequently cancelled my regular prescription for antidepressants without any contact. The receptionist did book me an out of hours appointment for the next day but even she had tried to insist it was my fault for not booking a medicine review. Despite the fact no one had actually asked me to organise medicine review. Despicable behaviour from this practice and recieved no apology at all.

Author: Abs Islam
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
The service at this medical practice is the worst I've ever encountered. I've been waiting for over 8 days just to receive information on the cost of a GMC-registered medical certificate from the GP. Despite making two calls, I've been told that the doctors have been emailed for the answer, but there's been no update. This highlights a lack of communication between the doctors and reception staff. They struggle to answer a simple question and provide updates, leaving patients uninformed. Thankfully, I didn't have any critical issues, but I now understand why there are so many negative reviews about this surgery. I recognize the constraints on the NHS, but the service here has been marred by a lack of communication, not just the NHS constraints.

Author: Kerry Carr
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Every month we have a problem with my husband's medication. I know the Drs are overwhelmed but it's never ready when sent through or there is an issue that my husband has to then sort out. He has a chronic condition that he ends up with severe pain

Author: ADRIAN BARTCZAK
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Hello. The worst service I've ever had. Appointments are changed when they want. The lady on the . information desk is deaf and keeps repeating that she doesn't understand. She's not suitable for contact with people. No one called me. Someone emailed me saying I need to get in touch. This clinic is the worst in Coventry. Get out of there.

Author: Traci Mason
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Since lockdown, this surgery has gone downhill. It is neigh on IMPOSSIBLE to get a face to face appointment, let alone a phone call from a Dr. And the excuse that they rang and no one answered, is ABSOLUTE nonsense.. Expecting patients from this area, to travel to Quinton Park, and when you do arrive, you are told the appointment has been cancelled. No phone call to let us know. They then said they would rebook the face to face...I am still waiting; this was over 2 months ago. Waiting times for a face to face - up to 6 weeks+. Receptionist is quick to tell you to go private, if you don't want to wait that long, and a private face to face, within 2 days. I DONT GET IT.. We have now, this week, registered with another Dr, and I have a face to face next Wed.!? Bredon Ave surgery, may as well close its doors as it is absolutely pointless... And if there was a review star for 0...I would have chosen that one.
