Practice: QUINTON PARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M86037
Postcode: CV3 5PZ
Google Maps title: Quinton Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Quinton+Park+Medical+Centre/@52.39127,-1.5064543,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774a4c9126ee2f:0xba77e114c0b423bc!8m2!3d52.3912668!4d-1.503874!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc8m4_d2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86037-quinton-park-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: michael hughes
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Oasis or mirage Condescending and his wife is the practice manager and an experienced legal person

Author: Kirsty Duffin
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service. Receptionist was extremely rude. I'm not a patient here but called for a general enquiry and the male receptionist hung up on me. When I called back, he simply stated he thought the conversation was finished. Didn't apologise for his rudeness or for hanging up on me. Would not recommend this surgery to anyone!!! Letter of complaint has been sent in

Author: Jasmine Attarian
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP surgery I have ever joined 10/10 couldn’t be happier

Author: Louis M
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There is a pattern with the practice I have observed whilst trying to get appointments. Wait 15 plus minutes for them to answer the phone and when they answer you might get a stuck up arrogant reception staff answer the phone. Appointment gets arranged and then go to practice at agreed time to see Dr dosanj. However, constantly, after waiting a stupid amount of time the doctor is either not ready or not even there. Today, the doctor was not there because he was on call to a home visit but reception staff can't say when he will arrive. I take time from work to see a doctor that's not even there! The reception staff can't say when he will arrive. So I had to leave with no appointment to deal with my job! This practice is a complete incompetent hell hole to deal with! Every single appointment they have screwed up! Every single one over about 7 years! AVOID AVOID AVOID... they will destroy your mental health and leave you to Rot! Fix up! Your a disgrace to the NHS and tax payer's money! Utterly disgraceful!

Author: Sonya Howarth
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This has taken me over a year to build the confidence to write this review but it still troubles me after my experience. I was deeply disappointed and hurt by my experience with Dr. Dosanj. I came to him after a crisis and was met with no understanding or sympathy. I eventually had to transfer to another clinic to get the support I needed. When I returned, I again felt unheard — I left the appointment in tears, and was told we were no longer in the area despite living just minutes away. Having known him since childhood, I was shocked by how different my experience with him was. I truly hope he can reconnect with his patients in a more compassionate way. I am now relieved to be with a new surgery where I feel listened to and treated with understanding and compassion.

Author: Sharon Birket
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
First time as a patient at this clinic, the nurse doing the procedure was great. The receptionist on the other hand. He left the door wide open to the reception area, so I accidentally walked right in, which is such a concern in terms of GDPR and privacy in general. It appeared to be so that once he finished with the patient before me, he could go and chat with colleagues in the room next door despite having seen me. The door to reception was wide open the whole time. The irony that he was talking about wanting to apply for a more senior position while not doing his current role. He hadn’t then used the most condescending tone when I explained my appointment was a few minutes earlier but I’d mistakenly gone into the surgery next door, and then been waiting a few minutes to be seen.

Author: Christopher
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Used to be my doctors in coventry when I lived at Murray Lodge, Dr Karra was good but the practice owner is an ex prison doctor and run it on the same roles they need to get a more experienced doctor in the practice.

Author: Ellesa Pireus
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible appointment practice. I called and informed them that I cannot have the telephone appointment at the time that they booked and I was told that they will call me in the afternoon. This was extremely important call as it was about my gynecology results as I've been in serious pain for over a year and I finally had an appointment with them. They rang me at the wrong time. I called them on 4 different occasions and on all 4 occasions I was told that I will be called in the afternoon as I work in the morning and I cannot answer the phone earlier in the day. On 3 doffi occasions they again called me at the wrong time and on the 4 occasion they didn't call me back at all. When I called them to ask about this they told me that I have been discharged because I didn't answer the phone calls and that they won't call me back. I didn't answer the calls because of their incompetence and failure to call me at the time that I was told they would call. My GP informed me that they can't advice on my test results because I need to talk with a gynecologist and that I need to book appointment with the practice again. The practice is now telling me that the GP needs to book it. This is a joke. I am extremely stressed and in pain. The doctors are incompetent when it comes to sticking to their appointments. Take your job seriously please. If you say you will call after 12, you have a whole afternoon and 5 working days to call me after 12. Why do you keep calling me at the wrong time and then you tell me you discharged me because I didn't answer the phone. You are ridiculous!!!!!!

Author: Muzamil Hashemi
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited two hours until the doctor called me

Author: Pudgeysaurus Rex
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Yet another doctor that thinks a lifetime of torture is better than getting treated for it.
