Practice: GOVIND HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M86622
Postcode: CV5 6EU
Google Maps title: Govind Health Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Govind+Health+Centre/@52.4002453,-1.5359098,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774b16dca77325:0x45da1b85fee8e0cf!8m2!3d52.4002421!4d-1.5333295!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11rsh9_30l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86622-govind-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: martyn voisey
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We have, and continue to experience problems with their service. There has been little change. Our issues are ongoing including, a routine repeat 3 monthly referral, which never happens unless we keep on requesting it many, many times. On more than one occasion, the prescription request that I make for the large number of prescription items that I require before I go on a long holiday has been prescribed incorrectly. As a result I have gone on holiday with insuffucient medicine. Referrals and follow up consultations have also failed to be carried out by the practice.

Author: Justina
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I found the receptionist to be somewhat unprofessional in their manner. Her attitude came across as quite dismissive and unhelpful and definitey not very courteous during my interaction. Unfortunately this is not the first time of this happening. Seems to be a regular occurrence.

Author: Katy Padgett
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Katy Padgett3 reviews9 months ago

Author: Asloem A
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This place work tirelessly to make it difficult to see a doctor or receive any medical assistance. A medical centre who don't allow anyone to book an appointment and insist on a Ticketmaster style 8am scramble for appointments as if they're concert tickets, inevitably making it impossible to see anyone, is failing at being a medical centre. The sad thing is they could easily behave in an efficient manner like so many medical centres out there but are doing this on purpose. Completely evil behaviour. It's advisable for anybody reading this to avoid this place and join a medical centre instead. Perhaps this place should be closed down and replaced with a building consisting of a medical team who intend to assist patients.

Author: Julia Shadow
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Julia Shadowa year ago

Author: Monica Appiah
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Monica Appiah1 reviewa year ago

Author: Esme Thomas
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This review is based on Princess the new receptionist. I don’t understand why a person has been put on reception who doesn’t seem to know what she’s talking about. She sounds constantly confused and doesn’t ever know the answer to any of my questions. I’ve asked for a prescription as I have tonsillitis and can barely swallow…I was told I could get antibiotics from the pharmacy without a prescription??? This is FALSE. I waited 40 minutes to get through and within half an hour the id gone from 5 to 4….the doctors themselves are always helpful but the feedback on the new receptionist is not good.

Author: Bal Ghag
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Accompanied my Mother to the Govind HC to see the practice nurse. The nurse conducted a new patient review and took some bloods. I was humbled and impressed by the manner in which my mother was treated. The two nurses who dealt with my mother were genuinely caring and put her at ease. It was a pleasure to be present. The receptionist was equally helpful Thanks and keep up the good work.

Author: Becca
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Becca10 reviews2 years ago

Author: Daniela Szabluk
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I understand doctors are always busy. But that's not and excuse for them being rude, not listening, being obviously annoyed when you don't understand what they are saying, and giving prescriptions without further explanation. And besides all that, consultations now are usually over the phone - which makes even more difficult to understand the doctor's recommendations. I hate every minute when I'm sick and need to get an appointment - it's so stressful! I don't know if other health centres are better than this one, but I honestly hope they are and people can get decent help when they need.
