Practice: WOODWAY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M86638
Postcode: CV2 2RH
Google Maps title: Woodway Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 46
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodway+Medical+Centre/@52.4380171,-1.4509137,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774ecb55ed1da3:0x24744c2a3a971902!8m2!3d52.4380139!4d-1.4483334!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tplptwb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M86638-woodway-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicky Higginson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My elderly parents phoned to get a doctors appointment to be told they had all gone. I could understand this as this was the first day after the Christmas period. I was extremely worried about them so phoned & the young receptionist listened to my concerns & went to speak to a doctor. I was then put through to Dr Dabas who was so lovely he listened to my concerns & phoned my parents & prescribed antibiotics which thankfully helped them recover. I can’t thank you all enough.

Author: Louie Hannigan
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctors are very thorough and great at what they do, always good service. All the doctors here are the best always take their time to explain treatments and very polite and informative. I am very thankful especially to Dr Adetoro who put me at ease that my symptoms were not serious and life threatening despite my concerns.

Author: Paula Craven
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely staff

Author: Sarah Motts
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sarah Motts4 months ago

Author: Claire Lewis
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Service has changed considerably over past 2 years for the worse. Reception staff is very poor, impolite most of the time, can't follow simple admin requests, don't update or inform patients. 2 years ago there were less staff and better service, now more staff and poorer service. Original GPs have changed, now it appears they are churning out a rotation of different GPs every week, no real consistency to get to build a trust between patients and doctors. More like a supermarket approach on the conveyer belt, patients pushed along, no personable outlook. Appointment methods are a game of monopoly, one-time chance a day to beat to the post who gets in first. It's a stressful approach to say the least. There just isn't any compassion in the centre anymore, it's cold hearted. If you complain about the service of the reception staff you get berated and bullied by them, the zero tolerance policy is so hypocritical considering how disgusting they behave towards the patient's, shameful.

Author: vanu vara
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So rude people specially receptionist. Doctors doesn’t care about The patient. My blood test come through to Gp, two weeks. they don’t even open yet. I kept calling them. They says doctor have to review that. I’m still waiting. Could be after my death. They will open the blood test.

Author: Tracy Markham
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Woodway medical centre has a receptionist that is disrespectful. Lack of empathy. And is really quite rood to patients. When I've called for help I'm actually quite afraid when I speak to her. She has told me off for missing a call from my doctor she is rude and offensive.

Author: Tara Newman
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First appointment following switching from Walsgrave Health Center, and the difference is unbelievable. The doctor Mr H S Mann, was thorough and used the entire time slot to gather information, examine me, and discuss the best course of action going forward for further investigation. I can't fault him. I saw Miss Sara Mumtaz for a physio appointment at Woodway Medical Centre and was really impressed with the care she provided. She was informative, compassionate, and incredibly patient. She took the time to explain everything clearly, didn’t rush at all, and made sure I left feeling confident and well-informed. Excellent experience – thank you!

Author: Sandeep Gill
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalled at this GP surgery. I myself have worked as a patient coordinator in a GP surgery for over 6 years plus moving from Leamington Spa. I sent in registration from for me and my 23m daughter three weeks ago. Calling on the day I sent the registration requesting an emergency appt for my daughter due to being very unwell, I requested if her registration could be added on asap so she can see the GP ( something we have done at the go surgery I’ve worked at to help new patients who urgently need GP advice) it’s easy to do. I explained to the reception staff on the phone I’ve worked at GP surgery and we’ve sometimes registered young patients on the day by adding name onto emis slot so appt doesn’t go and then registered, once registered name is added correctly onto emis. Kay went onto say rudely well just because you’ve worked at GP surely it’s not like that here. Very rude and inconsiderate. Maybe management needs to provide some new training! I was advised this can’t be done so I took my daughter to out of hours. Called back for appt four days later and told my daughter still hadn’t been registered!! Apparently the registration form was with the manager. Called back Today three weeks later for an appt for my 22 month daughter and again advised she hadn’t been registered and I need to bring some proof ID. I had no call or information in those three weeks requesting ID. I know from working in a GP surgery where I’ve registered number of patients, the ID doesn’t need to be provided to register!!! Why not register my daughter and I can provide ID when I arrive for her appt. I’ve been trying non stop for three weeks. Absolutely appalling, looking at who I’ve been treated even before joining the practice, I can’t imagine how appalling the actual service is as a patient. I will be joining somewhere else. Be cautious about joining this practice

Author: GARRY CARSON
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
i have been with wooday for years, we moved to bulkington then nuneaton but as the doctors are do good we stayed with yhem and as i have stage 4 cancer thry let me and my family stay at the practice, however today they kicked us out without even a call, i could not log into patient access then my wife called and they refused to treat me or my family Its disgusting
