Practice: QUARRY BANK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M87027
Postcode: DY5 2AE
Google Maps title: Quarry Bank Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Quarry+Bank+Medical+Centre/@52.4719154,-2.1049496,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487090df4075bc21:0x99fa9457bf8961ad!4m8!3m7!1s0x487090df406ef7dd:0x7a66c6f36f19092e!8m2!3d52.4719122!4d-2.1023693!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf_gvr2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M87027-quarry-bank-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lesley Green
Date: Edited 19 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
Mrs p is great but I'm sick of the receptionists asking what the appointment is for. I shouldn't have to tell them why I'm seeing my doctor. Lines always busy. The new system is awful. Cut off 6 times you can't even get to speak to a receptionist just awful

Author: Lisa Walker
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
UPDATE February 2026. Unfortunately this surgery hasn't improved since my last post. Recently attended an appointment to be seen by Dr Withathanga. I informed her of my recent hospital admission and outcome of a bleed on the brain. I needed help with severe headaches and sleep deprivation. She asked me "what would you like me to do, what outcome would you like"!!! I said I needed something to help with the headaches and help me sleep. She prescribed me some medication to help me sleep which I informed her I couldn't take due to my other meds. I left without nothing to help me. . I have been a patient of Quarry Bank Surgery for 54 years when Dr Fair born me. Unfortunately I have to post this as this is the most incompetent NHS service I have EVER recieved. Dr P has always been polite, compassionate and empathetic. However the 2 new Doctors are a disgrace to the medical profession. Firstly, Dr T lied on my medical notes and when I put in a formal complaint it was removed , however many months later I've still not recieved a written response. I've chased the Practice Manager 3 times (she always seems to be unavailable) but STILL no response. DR G forgot to add his notes onto the NHS system following a consultation so when I returned for my 2 week follow up appointment (that he asked me to attend) he knew nothing about it! I've got serious health problems including cancer and he told me to exercise and get another job!!!! Something seriously needs to be done about these 2 incompetent doctors. I'm looking into changing doctors ASAP.

Author: Clinton Hawker
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Clinton Hawker11 reviews · 1 photo2 weeks ago New

Author: Erin Round
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 stars I would my husband has been waiting4 days for heart medication called gp to be informed still with gp which is what I was told on Monday

Author: Lawson-k5 Lawson-k5
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Lawson-k5 Lawson-k52 weeks ago New

Author: Laila Laila
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
am extremely pleased with my surgery, and Dr Witharanage has been absolutely outstanding. I truly do not have enough words to express my gratitude. She listens attentively and is always there to offer support and guidance. I feel very fortunate to have such an excellent doctor.

Author: Roslyn Darby
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I must say that I am very happy with my surgery. Dr Penumaka is always willing to listen and help. She has really supported me over the past 9 years. I have no complaints at all. The staff do their best to accommodate my needs, if it's an appointment needed or any queries. I don't think I could get a better service anywhere else. Thanks everyone ☺️

Author: Simon Greenway
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
​I feel it is important to share my family's experiences with this GP surgery, as we have encountered multiple, serious concerns over the past 18 months that point to systemic problems in patient care and practice management. ​The most critical issue is the standard of medical diagnosis and treatment. There have been instances where our family members have received: - ​Inaccurate or inappropriate initial diagnoses, which were later contradicted by specialist referrals. - ​Prescriptions or treatment recommendations provided after staff were informed the patient could not take them. - ​Significant delays in treatment due to administrative errors, including referrals being made for the wrong procedure or to the wrong part of the body. ​Communication and Patient Dignity have also been major problems: -​ Patients have been subjected to inappropriate and unprofessional behaviour by medical staff, including being shouted at. -​ There is a clear issue with inconsistent care, with one family member not seeing their named GP for over 18 months, despite a complex, chronic condition. - ​Staff have, on multiple occasions, dismissed genuine health concerns by inappropriately attributing them to diet or a patient's mental state, leading to months of delayed care for serious physical issues. - ​We have experienced instances of alarmist advice being given by GPs that was later completely dismissed by hospital consultants. ​This pattern of poor diagnosis, communication, and administrative failure has caused significant stress, anxiety, and prolonged suffering for my family. The practice needs an urgent review of its clinical governance, patient communication protocols, and administrative accuracy to ensure the safety and well-being of its patients. I strongly advise prospective patients to consider other options

Author: Chris Harris
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Chris HarrisLocal Guide · 38 reviews5 months ago

Author: Tony Corbett
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to the excellent staff for their prompt response to my urgent request today as always
