Practice: ALEXANDRA MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M87623
Postcode: B63 3UH
Google Maps title: Alexandra Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 68
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Alexandra+Medical+Centre/@52.4536072,-2.0658433,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487096c6e9f5ac53:0x6723c299c2ad4abe!8m2!3d52.453604!4d-2.063263!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc77k362?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M87623-alexandra-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Miss Hen
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking! I’ve just sat and waited an hour for my appointment (this is a regular thing) the woman doctor is useless, she has no empathy whatsoever and lacks professionalism. Turns up to work after my appointment this morning which there were three apps before me! When asking reception I was told I was next to be seen; for the doctor to then be calling other patients in that had just arrived. When I asked why this is happening I was told ‘she’s doing them in a diffent order (I’m assuming what they think is worse). As a member of the working class, I do not have time for someone to assume my appointment is not important without even having had a conversation with me. I also do not have the whole morning to waste sitting at the gp surgery. A wasted morning and trip to the doctors today , have walked out without being seen as I had no indication on how long I’d be waiting. Nobody seemed to care either way. Will be signing up to another local GP- don’t waste your time.

Author: Hu Zah
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Female GP is useless , anytime you try to explain a symptom she just makes you get your bloods done ,and even after that she’s no help , she’s also very rude and has no manners at all , just thinks she’s better than everyone , she should get fired.

Author: Archie Thecreambun
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Refusal to see an ill toddler incase its contagious. Maybe look for alternative employment if you are not willing to be around sick people. Extremely incompetent.

Author: James Tyrer
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Female GP- very heavy on judgement, no bedside manner and is a direct barrier to people accessing the referrals they genuinely need. Rejoined with my old GP and was referred with online appointment in minutes. Saw this person on two occasions and may as well have spent the time telling my mother about the issue- same outcome, nothing. Waste of their time my time and TAX PAYER MONEY. Avoid if you have a genuine problem, if you just want to be fobbed off then definitely come here for treatment.

Author: Reem Alsaidy
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Helpful Care, but Difficult Scheduling and Long Waits I recently visited Alexandra Medical Centre, and while the staff was generally helpful and I received the care I needed, I had a few negative experiences. First, it was difficult to get an appointment the same week. Second, even though I had a scheduled appointment, I still ended up waiting in the waiting room for over half an hour. This was very frustrating, I could also see other patients waiting. Finally, one of the staff members I interacted with was not very respectful. Overall, I would give Alexandra Medical Centre 3 stars. If you're willing to deal with the scheduling difficulties and long wait times, you may have a positive experience. However, if you're looking for a practice with shorter wait times and more attentive staff, you may want to consider other options.

Author: Javaid Ahmad
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Javaid Ahmad3 months ago

Author: Nigel Bradbrook
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Receptionist is aways very helpful, the doctors listen to you, and give good advice and help. Always contact you for your injections.

Author: Jade Wheeler
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying with these for months to find out what the swelling on my eyes are, (allergy) one doctor ignored me and refused me medication, the next day I ended up at A&E. I'm not getting no answers, barley any appointments available when it could be something really severe! Manager just argues with you when you try to reason with her about your discomfort, you just get fobbed off.

Author: Eddy Midi
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have been patient for Alexander medical centre for over 20 years still can't fault them. Superb Dr's shameem, maheen, daniel and Superb nurses and all members of staff.

Author: John Fernyhough-Reynolds
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved to Halesowen from Ledbury and can't believe how good this practice is. Lovely people, very caring, respectful and professional. Have had no problems making appointments and getting prescriptions. What a contrast to my last practice where I couldn't get to see a Doctor at all for over three years and just getting a repeat prescription was an absolute nightmare. I am so pleased that I chose this practice.
