Practice: LINKS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: M87617
Postcode: DY2 9PU
Google Maps title: Links Medical Practice (Dr Reynolds & Dr Fung)
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Links+Medical+Practice+(Dr+Reynolds+%26+Dr+Fung)/@52.4891311,-2.083471,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487097346db603ff:0xd2bc4d40629dc70a!8m2!3d52.4891279!4d-2.0808907!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vysvztg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.25
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M87617-links-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ryan Foster
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I advise if you value your health do not even consider using these jokers. When myself and my partner joined, they lost all her records. Recently I have been waiting over six months to hear of an appointment to see a doctor with still no sign and was advised upon arrival for a yearly health check, that an appointment to see the nurse was not even on their system. God forbid there is something serious with me, will be leaving as soon as I can. Never have I ever encountered such incompetence. ****Update: Having now left, they have since been calling me on a weekly basis to re-arrange the appointment that they failed to make in the first instance, obviously not updating their system to reflect I left. I don't believe I could be the only person who has had such a string of incompetence come their way from these numpties.

Author: Becky
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Changed to here as my old drs were just awful! Iv had to book a number of appointments since changing to here for me and my son. A couple where I needed to be seen the same day and my son's where it wasn't urgent. They have got us seen and referred to where we needed to be almost instantly. Iv battles my son's problem for years. Moved here and he was seen, he was referred and onto the appropriate waiting list! All staff are kind and helpful and willing to help you! X

Author: Scott Round
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Last year (2024) I went in for my driving licence and because I’m “Mr Honest” I told them my medical background so they had to contact Dr Reynolds and Laurie was dealing with it also they contacted me and said they heard off DVLA and proceeded with the help fast forward to February and the licence come through fast forward to October 20th I had my test (long time I know not my fault ready months ago) and passed. Just wanted to Thank Links Medical for all your help over the years and especially for this part

Author: David Clamp
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We moved to the Links Medical Practice in recent years after receiving poor service from our previous GP. We are at the older end of the age scale now and with age, generally health conditions deteriorate and need more support. I can honestly say that the Links is second to none. Every person at the practice is helpful are caring.... from Reception to Nurses and Doctors. I want to give a special mention to Laurie at the practice who has been helping me with my prescriptions and has taken a lot of pressure off me. Many people tell me stories about their GP's and I find it quite alarming. This practice is like a breath of fresh air! 5 Stars all the way. Thank you!

Author: Suti Birmingham
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr james is the best thank you 😊 …

Author: Chantelle Butcher
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What once was a fantastic doctors is now absolutely appalling i find no matter if I get there early or on time im left waiting between half an hour to over an hour to be called in ive just spent today waiting 45 minutes before ive just walked out because the kids are getting restless and im sick of the doctors thinking their time is valuable but not mine

Author: Zeshan N
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst surgery going - 0 experience in what they are doing - receptionist act like they're guarding the chamber of secrets - re train your staff.

Author: Denae Renshaw
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to take a moment to thank Laurie for her outstanding help with my recent referral. She was not only polite and professional, but also incredibly efficient and understanding. Laurie took the time to listen to my concerns and made sure the referral was processed quickly, her support made a stressful situation much easier to manage, and I truly appreciate the care and attention they provided. Thank you for going above and beyond — your kindness didn’t go unnoticed! What a credit to the practice

Author: E Grimshaw
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Words could never express the gratitude I have for The senior practitioner at links medical practice. She went above and beyond for me and my daughter helping us to get referred for adhd- while others services refused my daughter an assessment, this lady spent two whole days to help us with our right to choose. She kept me up to date every single step of the way, made me feel seen, understood and heard from a mile away, she helped me to feel empowered, and that my voice matters and I can fight for a diagnosis for my diaphyses despite being rejected else where! I’m so thankful that she’s part of our doctor’s surgery, she is an absolute credit to our practice. I hope she reads my review, I’m unsure if I can mention her name specifically, but if you see this, from the bottom of my heart thank you. I whole heartedly hope life is kind and soft to you in every way possible, and that you feel nothing but love and joy because in a world full of cruelty, you truly are making a difference to people, simply by being yourself. My best wishes, always, Em x

Author: jord smith
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors are good, the phone queue is a joke. I got kicked out after getting to first place and the one receptionist is rude. You know who I mean.
