Practice: HAWTHORNS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M88041
Postcode: B66 2DD
Google Maps title: Hawthorns Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.4
Google review count: 96
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hawthorns+Medical+Centre/@52.5015096,-1.9698529,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bd445c6463bf:0x49a84afa94da544d!8m2!3d52.5015064!4d-1.9672726!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b8c675ct?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M88041-hawthorns-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tweety Treats
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Gp has been taken over by same pharmacy next door . They more interested in making money from patients. Than gving the care . I hardly get to see a really doctor always nurse practitioners and then get fob off like my systoms are dealable . Well i wouldnt be in a surgery if i could deal with them at home!!! . Also as the pharmacy next door own this surgery from Dr tilu now and its rans by the kids family memebers of the pharmacy. . So know they just except you to go buy everything over the counter from next door and not even get anything prescribed . I have been in many times I get told oh we can't prescribe any thing for that. . You can go and buy " this or that " from the counter next door. . Like I been suffering with somthing for over months now . Been getting dragged on. And yet if this was Dr tilu, she would have sorted the problem, ASAP. Made referels and gave correct medication. She was tough Dr but one of the best doctors I have ever met. But not now , its a shame its just become a money machine for the pharmacy next door. Not patients first. Money first . When they do prescribe u somthing if ever they try to give u the cheapest alternative and generic item so they can spending less them self and making more on the prescribe value the self .

Author: Gloria
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Went for my appointment today and asked the receptionist if I could use the toilet, she told me there's no public toilet 🙃 I understand not allowing passers-by to use facilities, but denying basic toilet access to patients attending appointments is unacceptable and lacks basic dignity and compassion.The sad part is my appointment was for a smear test and i was coming from work.I had to go back home to pee before going back for my appointment, How shameful.

Author: Joan Wright
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always welcoming, caring. Listens to me and offers excellent advice and follow ups. Very happy with GPS and physiotherapist.

Author: Bethelhem Gizachew
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bethelhem Gizachew2 months ago

Author: KeepFit Daddyuk
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Staff are lovely, And I always get to see a good Doctor 👍🏻 …

Author: Keziah Featherstone
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
New GP, new management, new physiotherapist and an online form to get an appointment. Three years ago I wrote a seven page letter of complaint, now I am very happy.

Author: richard clarke
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely Worse GP Specially The New Doctor Thats Taken Doctor Tillu`s Job Gives You To Salomon Inhalers Instead Of Ventolin Surgery Staff Also Have Bad Attitudes And Very Bad Rude Manners I Advise Anybody Not To Join This Surgery Would Not Recommend It Thumbs Down

Author: RAMANDEEP KAUR
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
RAMANDEEP KAUR8 months ago

Author: mohamad
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very disappointing experience with this GP. From the moment I arrived, their attitude was unnecessarily rude and dismissive. I understand that healthcare professionals are under pressure, but there’s no excuse for making patients feel uncomfortable or unwelcome. I left the appointment feeling disrespected and not properly listened to. Everyone deserves to be treated with basic courtesy—especially when seeking medical help. I won’t be returning and cannot recommend this practice based on my experience.

Author: sonia shehzadi
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
"I am extremely disappointed with the service at this GP practice. Securing an appointment is nearly impossible, and when you finally get one, the receptionists are unhelpful and impolite. The doctors consistently appear rushed and disinterested, showing poor communication skills and often seem dismissive, either sending patients home or advising them to seek help from a pharmacist. This is particularly frustrating when pharmacists redirect us back to the GP for the same issues. Additionally, the clinic's accessibility is poor, with frequent delays at the entrance due to the doors being locked, forcing patients to wait outside. Overall, the quality of care and service is severely lacking." Should be shut down!
