Practice: DR SINGH M
Canonical code: M88628
Postcode: B70 8HQ
Google Maps title: Cambridge Street Surgery
Google rating: 1.7
Google review count: 46
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cambridge+Street+Surgery/@52.5146766,-2.0037295,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487097f61f55be1f:0x3e8c187253913bf6!8m2!3d52.5146734!4d-2.0011492!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgfct26?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M88628-dr-singh-m.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kulwinder Kaur
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kulwinder Kaur9 reviews · 3 photos5 days ago New

Author: baban Singh
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
As a doctor within the NHS system with years of training in patient care, I was disappointed by the standards at this practice. The reception staff were unhelpful and often rude, appearing to follow a checklist rather than engage with patients empathetically. While the phone messages emphasise that rude behaviour from patients will not be tolerated, this standard should apply equally to staff. I hope the practice considers improving both staff training and patient interactions, as these are also important considerations in the healthcare system! If that is not a standard you can meet, I would suggest looking for other career options.

Author: manpreet kaur
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I have contacted the mr. singh surgery many times to book an appointment,but every time they told me you are not registered. This is extremely frustrating and unacceptable because i have already had 4-5 appointments in the past and also submitted my id and documents and registration from again. I was told my registration was processing,but months later I am still being told that i am not registered. When i visited the surgery in person,i had to wait long time and told my data has been recovered from the system and that nothing could be done. This level of service is very disappointing. I expect this issues to be investigated and my registration completed immediately. If this problem is not resolved. I will make a formal complaint to National health Service and request that is matter is properly reviewed.

Author: Gear Shift
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good doctors and easy to book an appointment

Author: fatmus fashion
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kindly consider replacing the current receptionist with a more courteous and professional spokesperson for this position. Since communication is primarily in English, it may be preferable to have a soft-spoken individual with a clear and natural command of the language, such as a British English speaker.

Author: Rima Begum
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rima BegumLocal Guide · 13 reviews · 11 photosEdited 6 months ago

Author: Manjit Sangha
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Considering that when you phone a message informs you that all calls are recorded for training and monitoring purposes, then why are the rude ladies answering the phone not learning anything about how to conduct themselves in a pleasant fashion. Guess what ladies people calling you are usually unwell. And with so many poor reviews, why isn't anything being done about it. Rude beyond rude.

Author: Amerjit Kaur
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Amerjit Kaur10 months ago

Author: Carl Ellis
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Singh is a terrible doctor after telling me that my medication was too expensive so he stopped them then I asked how I make a complaint he didn't like it started to go mad at me on the phone then he kicked me off the books and I have to buy my medication that surgery needs to be shut down

Author: Balwinder Kumari
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have very bad experience with DR SINGH He is very Rude and mannerless Dr i have ever faced. i have one suggestion for DR SINGH he should retire as a DR now he is so old and should work on Mental health.
