Practice: SAREPHED MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M88610
Postcode: B67 6AJ
Google Maps title: Sarephed Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sarephed+Medical+Centre/@52.4902808,-1.9728952,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bd6622bf2801:0xd8d2eab9d5711883!8m2!3d52.4902776!4d-1.9703149!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thl08v_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M88610-sarephed-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chanpreet Singh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Chanpreet Singh3 reviewsa month ago

Author: Sunny Kumar
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad service and unprofessional staff

Author: Sabreen Dahir Eid
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sabreen Dahir Eid2 reviews3 months ago

Author: Gurwinder
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worth gp ever , receptionists are rude and arrogant and they also leaked and gave one of my important letter to another person completely unacceptable.

Author: Amanda Al-Meerabi
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I really regret registering with this GP. I asked several times for hormone tests, but no one wanted to refer me – they just kept doing basic blood tests. I’ve already been taking iron and vitamins before, and I haven’t felt better. I asked to check if low iron might be caused by hormonal problems, but no one was listening. I called reception and was told I had an appointment – then it turned out there was no appointment booked at all. When a doctor finally called me, it wasn’t even my regular GP. She also refused to refer me until I mentioned I had an ultrasound that said I should be checked for PCOS. Only then she said she’d send a request to my GP. I had a blood test done, and I thought they finally did the hormone tests – but today I got the results, and it was just a regular blood count again. They saw low iron again and just gave me more iron tablets. I’ve already been taking them. I don’t have money to keep buying tablets that don’t solve the real issue. I called again today and asked why they didn’t do the hormone tests. The receptionist just said she’d “send a request to the doctor” and “maybe you’ll hear something by Tuesday or Wednesday.” I asked for an appointment and she said “no need, I can see it in the system”, but wouldn’t even tell me what she could see. It’s exhausting. I don’t feel listened to at all. I’m seriously considering changing GP because no one here seems to care about what the patient actually says or needs. Just tablets and silence.

Author: Atikah
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They always tell you to call at 8:00 am to get an appointment. But somehow magically at that time the lines are out of capacity. I have been trying to get a routine blood test referral for over a week now and nothing. The staff us very rude and disrespectful.

Author: Scarlet Nathaly
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing to say but positive things about this medical center. We moved recently to this Gp surgery and I wish I had done it earlier. The doctors actually listen to you and take the time to help you, the nurse Debby who looked after my mom is a sweetheart, the receptionist and everyone have been a pleasure to deal with. Thank you Sarephed Medical Centre 🙏

Author: khawajazadaf
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse GP surgery and staff especially two Indian reception ladies

Author: Terri Buck
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You phone at 8am by time they call you back all appointments are gone only phone consultations left so I I said really the receptionist who answered my call is sooo rude this is not the first time I've a run in with them need to learn people skills 😡😡😡😡 …

Author: DASHMESH dastar acedamy nawanshahr
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed. The receptionist is not listening anything when we call. I had neck sprain from last 4 days. And i call them .i used too many medicines and pain ointments but nothing help. I call this sergery and reception just said they will give pharmacy appointment only. As i know pharmacy can just give pain killer and pain ointment which i already used . But the receptionist didn't listen anything and said that they are fully booked and ask me to go walking. These type sergeries are making NHS more discomfort. I am gone through depression medicine and shoulder pain . But they didn't just even want to listen anything. People life doesn't matter to them. thay always said they are busy, but when we go there, no one waiting in waiting area which means they had availability but dont want to work. They just want salaries for less work. This sergery doctors are good. I dont blame them. Just the receptionist are bad who dont know how to deal with patients.
