Practice: DR ARORA RK
Canonical code: M88619
Postcode: B70 7AW
Google Maps title: Dr R K Arora
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 194
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+R+K+Arora/@52.5165528,-1.9993987,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870981d413e6885:0x7ec4dbf3255deeba!8m2!3d52.5165496!4d-1.9968184!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzsw7blw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M88619-dr-arora-rk.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sandeep Kaur
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gud experience doctor i am happy

Author: deborah breeze
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My daughter will be changing her doctor as this surgery is ridiculous. Last year my daughter was told that there was nothing wrong with my Grandaughter. She was not well at all. She straight away took her to hospital to be told she needed antibiotics as she had tonsillitis. Yesterday she took my grandson to be told the same. He was wheezing and coughing and unwell. He has suffered with croup on and off since birth. My daughter took him to the walk-in centre at manor hospital to be told he had swollen tonsils and needed antibiotics and steroids for his chest. I changed my doctors practice a long time ago but are making sure my daughter does the same. They should be ashamed of themselves treating children like this !!!!

Author: Rhianne Kang
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Incredibly rude staff who just do not want to help!! You call just to ask a simple question and the receptionist just bark at you and palm you off the pharmacy when all you ask for is some guidance on how you can get set up on the online system and order a prescription for your child! The item that’s was prescribed by the doctor is out of stock nationwide , therefore the prescription is wrong, which will result in it being bounced back to the doctors. All I wanted was some help and guidance when I explained that due to working full time I am unable to get to doctors before they shut to speak to someone about this. It’s very upsetting when they don’t want to help when literally everything they used to do is now online so they can’t just take 5 minutes to explain and help you with something for a 2 year old! Awful service!

Author: Husna Ali
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The doctors are so good but the receptionist is so rude. Requested a medical record for my husband and because the receptionist couldn’t find the request and I had put it in 2 weeks ago and she said I had to wait 30 days which is fine. She kept on ending the call and I kept calling back as the medical record is urgent and I didn’t know if she found it or not. She told me she found it and it will take another 6 weeks and when I asked why she ended the call again. So frustrating when it’s something so urgent for work and no sensitivity at all and think they can just end the call and they can be rude and they know nothing will happen to the for their rudeness. She spoke so rude in the beginning, actually made me cry at end

Author: Sukhpreet Kaur
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am very disappointed with the receptionist who was wearing red clothes today. Her tone was unprofessional, and she does not know how to speak respectfully to elderly people. She was very rude, and I don’t understand why she behaved this way. She should show respect to everyone, whether they are Indian or from other countries. This is not the first time—she behaves like this regularly. I hope management takes this matter seriously.

Author: Charlotte Little
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid this place if you have mobility issues because they won’t give you an appointment at your gp surgery they’ll send you around Sandwell smethick been trying to get an appointment since Friday offering me appointments I can’t attend until my cane became a witches broomstick said they tried me multiple time with no answer even though their phone keeps cutting off a simple ear infection is now a double ear infection and potential chest infection

Author: John Ali
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practise is abyismal useless and totally Fails in its care for elderly people. In its area. Can you please answer the phones And get people appointments I have 2 family members who carnt get the meds they need.

Author: ALKANG ALKANG
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception staff are very rude to customers. And the appointment booking process is terrible.

Author: SHAHRAM HUSSEINI
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This has happened several times. I get up before 8 o'clock and then they say there is no appointment

Author: Mandy Houghton
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m absolutely disgusted with this GP surgery had to have the Out Of Hours doctor out on Monday they suspect C dif Told me to contact my GP surgery to request a stool sample kit as I’m housebound I was told rudely on the phone that they can’t bring one out also they make it very difficult for me to make appointments with a GP also a severe asthmatic and on the housebound list for the flu jab spoke to the District nurses who have said that the GP has not sent my details over for me to receive the flu jab and also if anything happens to me due to their lack of care I will be taking legal action😡😡😡😡
