Practice: WARLEY ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: M88640
Postcode: B68 9SZ
Google Maps title: Dr Kaur's Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+Kaur's+Surgery/@52.4900146,-1.9962119,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487097dcc711cf11:0x7b812fd2911d206d!8m2!3d52.4900114!4d-1.9936316!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tv1n7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M88640-warley-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Prabhjot Kaur
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Prabhjot Kaur2 reviews4 days ago New

Author: Grace Jawanda
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I changed my GP as I have had many problems with this one and unfortunately my MRI results were sent to this GP (my old one) by mistake. I have called the hospital and my new GP and have been going back and forth and finally found out that my results were sent here. The receptionist was confused and at first said that they don’t even have them but I was adamant and asked again and then she said she found them. When I asked her to send my results to my new GP she declined and said that they can’t do that and that it should already be available to them. I explained that this is not the case and they need to send it to my new GP. Again they said they can’t do that and then she offered to print it out for me to collect and I explained I live an hour away. I don’t understand why they didn’t contact me if they received my MRI results. It has been more than 2 months. These results are really important and it has been so difficult for me not having them as I haven’t been able to get any help or support with the extreme pain I have been having and my lack of mobility. The receptionist then emailed me the WRONG MRI results Which meant I had to call them back. The same receptionist apologised and said she didn’t look properly. I don’t understand why it was taken lightly enough for her not to look at the date or any details. She also said she does not have any MRI results from this year. I had to call the hospital again and then call this GP surgery AGAIN, I’ve lost count of how many times I have called them today. Thankfully, someone else picked up this time and surprisingly, she said they DO have the results and has now emailed them to me. I honestly don’t understand why the first receptionist that picked up did not take care with the details I gave her or ask anyone to help her.

Author: Muskan Mittal
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff is worst in communication and don’t provide proper assistance, I had an appointment at 11 and waited for an hour, Went 5 times for the same thing for the same treatment, doctor never listened. utterly useless surgery

Author: Chattar Singh
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless surgery

Author: samasung s2
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Surgery very helpful even helped me withmy mum - i get appointments easily and they really care about all patients staff and drs are so kind.

Author: Nagina Azam
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
From receptionist to Dr's and Nurses are very well mannered and very helpful not had any issue with this surgery.

Author: Tyrone Smith
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've recently joined this practice the doctors are great and helpful and pay attention to what you are saying all doctors surgery have good and bad sides but I carnt fault it at all

Author: Sunil Kumar
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sunil KumarLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 2 photosEdited 6 months ago

Author: Sundance Kid
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After a period of downturn the booking system looks back up and running better. The recptionists are tuned in and getting requests completed fast. And I cant complain. Dr Kaur herself is ace as always.

Author: Priya Metcalfe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
DO NOT USE THIS DOCTORS SURGERY! Avoid and go to another one if you want to actually be seen by a doctor the same day. Partner went in first thing this morning to make an appointment as can’t get through on phone lines, stood there for 10 minutes whilst receptionist is joking around with colleagues to be told that she is not giving an appointment, which is ridiculous. We both work full time so have limited time. Absolutely disgraceful service
