Practice: THE SPIRES HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M88643
Postcode: WS10 7DB
Google Maps title: The Spires Health Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Spires+Health+Centre/@52.5533845,-2.0270815,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870985a0d352d9d:0x4e7c9cb2a483b00b!8m2!3d52.5533813!4d-2.0245012!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thsqtsg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M88643-the-spires-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: T C
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Iam very grateful to Doctor Lily for being looking after me🙏🏾 when I completely give up on me, pain kills........... …

Author: Jane Clarkson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Nurse Sue is an absolutely disgrace to the spires health centre. I went to my appointment on Monday and was utterly disappointed to know it was with Sue who i have had previous run-ins with in the past due to her lack of empathy and unprofessional behavior.. and this time she did exactly the same, brushed off my concerns talked down to my in a highly patronizing way and kept rolling her eyes. It is clear she does not want to be there. totally and utterly rude and lazy.

Author: Steven J Sheldon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to call to make an appointment goes on with loads of chat... almost 2 mins and then says too busy trying later!

Author: nick arora (Sunny)
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I don't understand why they don't pick the call, its all depends on receptionist and they alway avoid phone calls and not pick the calls, we knw its bsy time, but still when they talk to others on phone calls they take very long time for one person,, they should talk less because other people waiting, for just one appointment sometime we have to wait one hour on phone because always lines bsy , if u have less staff thn make arrangements for one more staff, don't understand why they cant understand the pain we r suffering, really very upset

Author: Kelly Stanyer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists need to work on customer service, some of their attitudes are awful

Author: Jay
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This drs surgery first what I will said they are very rude one of my relatives went for a appointment has they wasn't well finally went into the Dr's what a waste of time they were more interested in going home Call themselves Doctors huh I don't know think so disgraceful they don't deserve a this job they don't even have the caring abilities to even be a doctor Should be ashamed of themselves I'm so furious with them 2 Words to describe them RUDE AND DISRESPECTFUL

Author: Carrie Marie
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just like to say a great big thank you to all the staff here especially Julie who really took the time and consideration in dealing with my situation. although i know your jobs are hard in this current nhs crisis and dealing with patients on a day to day basis can be challenging, it always satisfies me to know that i can reach out in difficult times.

Author: Dean Spooner
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had the pleasure of dealing with all of the receptionists working at this practice and cannot find fault. For those leaving negative reviews, perhaps they need to listen to what is being said and the reasoning behind it.

Author: Syed Ishrathullah
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Spires Health Centre consistently provides professional and compassionate care at every level. The staff, including those at reception, are courteous and efficient, always striving to enhance the patient experience. While there is always room for improvement, it is clear that the team is dedicated and continually seeking to serve the community better. The NHS UK is unmatched, and Spires Health Centre exemplifies its highest standards. Highly recommended.

Author: Aias Hannan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had the pleasure of dealing with Julie (admin/reception), she is incompetent and just plain rude, not what our country values represent when it comes to health care, was originally told that I would be registered within a certain amount of time and it has nearly doubled with the excuses made by Julie as to every reason why she can't simply do her job. Julie if you are reading this, you can do better and it is okay to ask for more training or simply just get a job which your skill base is suitable for.
