Practice: BOSWORTH MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: M89008
Postcode: B37 5BU
Google Maps title: Bosworth Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 102
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bosworth+Medical+Centre/@52.4806039,-1.7553855,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870b05e11358213:0xf859da9e787fbee4!8m2!3d52.4806007!4d-1.7528052!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc340fhs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M89008-bosworth-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: star twocomets
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Seriously dangerous Dr's. they lie , change medical records to cover lies, remove access to online system, they do no refer you for tests, have reported them to NHS England and Police but sadly nothing is done. Do yourself a favour... never go here

Author: Blanka “Blankapari” Parizska
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Blanka “Blankapari” ParizskaLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 331 photos3 months ago

Author: Barbara Lewis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Barbara Lewis2 reviews · 2 photos4 months ago

Author: Tomasz Chrośniak
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
They are very inconsistent. On one hand, sometimes it's very easy to get an appointment and everything goes smoothly. On another, you get situations such as today's: In a phone appointment at 11.30AM, they said that a face-to-face will happen in the afternoon, and then didn't contact us. I called twice, reluctantly, as I didn't want to waste reception's time, first to make sure no action was needed on our part, and then an hour before the closing time wondering if the face-to-face will still happen. In the end, I went there on my own at 7PM to make sure that they are still open (the appointment was for someone who couldn't walk for long, so I didn't want to make them travel unnecessarily), and managed to find a single person who confirmed that everyone else left. There was no call, no message to tell us that it wouldn't happen that day. I cleared my calendar to ensure I could get the patient there when needed, but turned out to be a wasted effort. I don't want to leave a bad review, but I can't figure out how and why this happens.

Author: Julia Taylor
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
On this occasion I'm fuming. For four months now I've received a text telling me I need a medication review. Each time I call I'm told I don't as I have one more month. They then send my repeat to Asda. This morning I was told again I have one more month! I'm so confused. I said OK could you send it through for me? She said no we don't do that you've got to come in and get it then put it in the box! I swear I can't remember the last time I did that. I told her they normally just put it though. She said we'll we haven't since I worked here. What can I say? I don't want to come across as rude or confrontational so you just have to say OK. In other words I have to accept they're right and everything I said was incorrect. It's frustrating. Im adding to this month's later. In a week I have called twice to ask about a blood test. The first time I was number 3 in the queue. Eventually I was next but was in hold for 40 minutes. I gave up. Im now on hold again. I was number 3 again and have now been on hold for 45 minutes. I was next ages ago so feel like im just being ignored. About to give up again.

Author: Zoey Powell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can truthfully say that I have never had a bad experience at this surgery. They have always gone above and beyond. Well done guys

Author: MAYO 36 MAFIA
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgraceful over an hour and half no answer do you how to answer phones or do u let them ring

Author: Elaine Easthope
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Elaine Easthope4 reviews5 months ago

Author: Julie Boltwood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned up for an appointment at 8am was first in queue. Only to be told they only have emergency appointments. Said it was an emergency, to then be told that they don't have any nurses available. Told me to go to walk in, in Solihull Hospital. Only got one brain cell between them. (Wash And Share) Except one receptionist. I never thought a surgery could be as bad as Croft but they are.

Author: Lara Murray
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist who was working on Wednesday 14th may at half 3 was disgustingly rude over the phone to me, rang to have the cheek and ask why my son is registered at the surgery when I myself am not, clearly not knowing his dad was and telling me to get him registered at somewhere else, good thing I wanted to move him anyway but the absolute audacity and she charged her tune when I bit back! What a joke
