Practice: PARKFIELD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: M89001
Postcode: B36 9EJ
Google Maps title: Parkfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 16
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Parkfield+Medical+Centre/@52.5085591,-1.7798314,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870b00635311801:0x50747663ae47c174!8m2!3d52.5085559!4d-1.7772511!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j1hykxrh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M89001-parkfield-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Linda Donaghey
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a great medical practice receptionists and admin team are so lovely. I saw Dr Owais yesterday and he was so caring and kind with a lovely bedside manner

Author: sharnie
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Staff are nice but it’s so outdated. Every time I’ve been I’ve waited 30+ mins and you can’t call to check if any results have been received unless it’s between the hours of 11&12? Not sure why checking an email is exclusive to one hour a day.

Author: Nathan Parkinson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist are nice but that’s the extent of it. Constantly being referred to other centres as no appointments available- what is the point of being registered to a surgery to be sent elsewhere on most occasions? Service provided is generally poor, only Dr. Owais seems invested in his patients issues (my entire family now books appointments with only him, but a practice shouldn’t be riding off the back of one good doctor). Unfortunately, some centres didn’t seem to pull through after Covid, and this is one of them.

Author: Jessica Hayward
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Awful. Refer to different medical centre then denied they did. Then told me no appointments and they would ‘speak to the doctor’ . Yet another dissapointing ( yet unsurprising) experience with the NHS. Record your calls with them so you have proof of referral to places.

Author: grumps grumpsalot
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good quality and service. There could be some minor improvements by throwing more money at the nhs but MP Rachel reeves would have to borrow more or take more money from us. Dr Anil Budh- Raja and his staff go that extra mile to help their patients.

Author: Sania Mir
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always manage to make a big effort to see my little ones when they are poorly. Such great staff and attentive service. Thank you to the phenomenal reception staff in particular!!!

Author: Dawn Young
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve just got to say I’ve personally from my experience never had a problem at this Surgery for appointments as for the receptionist Stella and Mandy they can never do enough for you and always go out their way to help

Author: M
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
I seen dr anil budh raja. Completely unprofessional and careless as it relates to taking care of his patient. He literally had me sat there watching him type up other patients' work, taking telephone appointments and phonecalls, booking other appointments and doing other work; all the while I am sat there in the appointment and not being attended to. Even when he looked at me he maybe spent 10 seconds talking to me then went back to his screen and phone etc. He needs to seriously fix his attitude towards his patients. I was trying to explain my problems and he just seemed unbothered and ignored me then prescribed some medications. I don't think I ever had an experience like this before, one of a kind. I gave 2 stars as the receptionists were helpful and I received prescriptions in the end.

Author: Pritha Singh
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had 2-3 appointments here so far and they've all been fantastic. Receptionists are so helpful, polite and professional. Healthcare Assistant K. Byrne was very caring and went the extra mile to make sure my concerns were all answered before I left. The Drs are helpful and caring too and in my last appointment explained each one of my blood test results and what they meant. Sad to see the previous poor reviews but my opinion is it's one of the best GPs I've ever used.

Author: Mark Mcpherson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since going to this practice I can’t thank the lady’s behind the desk enough and also the doctor’s there too I have also got a appointment and what ever my medical reason may be It has always been dealt with or is being dealt with I know every body has different experiences but by far this has been the best doctors practice I have been to yes it’s busy but which doctors ain’t but the lady’s are always polite and always do their best to help.
