Practice: MANOR HOUSE LANE SURGERY
Canonical code: M89009
Postcode: B26 1PD
Google Maps title: Manor House Lane Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 51
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Manor+House+Lane+Surgery/@52.4611986,-1.8054191,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870bd1b0e01f79b:0xabddc8d419e200a8!8m2!3d52.4611954!4d-1.8028388!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pp2vc35z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M89009-manor-house-lane-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dalvinder Singh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife has attended this surgery for blood tests on several occasions, most recently on 11/02. On that visit, the staff member carrying out the tests arrived late, and she is still waiting for her results. When we contact the surgery for an update, the staff are dismissive and unable to provide any meaningful follow‑up. This is not the first time her blood test results have been delayed—on previous occasions, important symptoms were missed, resulting in medication being prescribed much later than it should have been. In addition, our infant child was due to receive her first set of vaccinations during Christmas week. These were already overdue, yet the appointment was cancelled at short notice. This has added further unnecessary delay to essential healthcare for our child.

Author: Ismail H
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ismail H5 reviewsEdited 2 months ago

Author: Khalid Mahmood
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Syed is a great GP. Easy to talk to, knowledgable and takes a real interest in his patients (he's also an expert on the treatment/rehab of joint/tendon and muscular issues!).

Author: Ellen Glenny
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I feel the service you get is not very good you can not make an appointment over the phone you have to go on website then you have to wait till you hear from them ...does the doctor call you or receptionist

Author: sharon salter
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve personally received good care and support before, during and after surgery or any other reason for making an appointment. The physio care I received was the best and also from the nursing team that work here. I have to add, I’ve just had a blood test done by Rav who was very caring, checked if I was ok while doing it, and I never had a bruise following. He was excellent! Update….Shame after I’ve always received help from professional caring staff that today 4th Nov 25, trying to get some support on my medication dosage to be seen by a doctor, I was spoken to quite rudely by the receptionist who ended the call with “I’ve booked you to see the locum doctor at 11am goodbye” and put the phone down on me. I’ve never been treated in such a way by anyone else. More training is needed on how to speak to people when they are only trying to get help and definitely compassion or empathy to understand how worried people can be when needing support. I’m not stupid, I know all about the online booking system but on using it when it first started, I’ve never received an appointment!!! The system failed me and I was in severe pain!!

Author: Kevin “Kb” Brown
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
9.00 telephone appointment with sago,called them at 9.30 has no call received to be told doctor not in & maybe stuck in traffic.called again at 10am doctor now there & will call,still no call,called again at 10.30 to be told by Julia on reception that doctor has been calling mobile & land line but nobody answering,I told neither phones have rung so either you or the doctor are not been truthful. Asked for new appointment to be told it has to be done online. Also on line complaint forms have been suspended on the website,wonder why. This appointment was for my partner at 9.00am 3rd October On her nhs app they have stated that calls were unanswered. This was the marston green surgery.

Author: Z K
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible surgery that don't give a damn about me and I ain't exactly young and have health issues, I've been with this surgery for at least a year, I've managed to get two appointments and both of those were referrals, the second appointment I was meant to have injections in my knees, I sat there for well over an hour while people who came in after me were dealt with, I was in terrible pain and had a panic attack so I left without treatment, they never followed this up or contacted me or anything, the place is a disgrace

Author: John Lyddy
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tala did my blood pressure today . What a very competent young lady. Very polite made me feel human . I would highly recommend this service

Author: Debbie Holtom
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Debbie HoltomLocal Guide · 15 reviews · 13 photos11 months ago

Author: Sahar Haj
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The service at Manor House Lane Surgery is excellent, and all the staff at the pharmacy are very professional and dedicated. They provide service with sincerity and cooperation. I especially appreciate Tala, the pharmacist, for her outstanding and personalized care. I am happy to deal with her as she provided me with exceptional service. Sahar
