Practice: SADDLERS HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M91018
Postcode: WS1 1AF
Google Maps title: Saddlers Health Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Saddlers+Health+Centre/@52.5872235,-1.9829106,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4870a20efcf394af:0x8f7a83c308e13ec7!4m8!3m7!1s0x4870a20fa9adef75:0x5df2e8f929b3099!8m2!3d52.5872203!4d-1.9803303!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wbfzvly?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M91018-saddlers-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: ebony W
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Anad since i joined the surgery she has been an absolute God sent extremely professional and kind understanding and very informative i really want to say thank u to her truly an absolutely fabulous doctor also Tara on reception she so sweet and always goes above and beyond when attending to you Abeni xx

Author: ASIM SIDDIQ
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Updated review 20th February 2026: Really fed up with this surgery, no one cares any longer. I've had complex bowel problems for the last 4 years now, nothing has been done about it, and my health is deteriorating day by day. I also have Cataract, but Specsavers really helped me by sending me to New Cross, Wolverhampton, for an emergency appointment. That's how you help patients, not leave them to suffer.
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Good morning Mr Siddiq please can you contact the surgery and ask to speak to the practice manager regarding the above appointment request

Author: Imran Khan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Imran KhanLocal Guide · 2 reviews4 months ago

Author: Ugonwanne Jerome Ike
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You can pass a camel through a needles eye before you can get same day appointment here. Let’s not talk about the rudeness because that will take the whole day

Author: maddiedennis
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is absolutely appalling.Impossible to get an appointment unless you want to wait 2 months. Appointments regularly run an hour or more behind schedule , I was advised my a receptionist that the nurse there is known for regularly running way behind . There should be consideration for people’s time who have to book time off work to be there . Additionally, after reading through my medical records I noticed something listed on there that was found in my bloods that I was not informed about . The bloods were done a year ago …

Author: JASHANPREET SINGH
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery dont deserve even one star. No appointment they have . Reception staff always been rude. They have no patience and calmness to treat patients. This Surgery should be closed down . I went to see doctor after hardly get my appointment which was 12:10 , i waited nealy one hour about 1 o clock i went to receptionist to ask. She said he is running late cant do anything and she was so so so rude. About 1:30 , i asked another receptionist, she said doctor calling you now , i went to near doctor room he called another patient and i waited again there for my appointment. 2 o clock receptionist said you missed your appointment. Dr ruffles , didnt call me . Doctor always call 2 to 3 times, and with good voice. He call to patient in slow voice . How patient will hear her if they sit in outside main waiting area. He is in not good with his job . This surgery made my day bad.

Author: salma
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rubbish staff especially the reception do not even start their job at 8am. I have been trying to dial the number and they have disconnected their phone to avoid recieving phone calls. . I wish the reception staff were of medical background to understand and manage simple tasks e.g requesting urine C/S stickers.

Author: Steven Spittle
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are rubbish make you wait ages and don't even help when you get seen they make you wait months even when your blood tests come back where you need to be seen they don't actually care nurses are very good thought they go above and beyond for you it's a shame the doctors don't do the same nurses deserve 5 stars doctors don't even deserve 1

Author: Eamonn Regan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My first appointment at Saddlers Health Centre as a new patient. Reception staff (apologies do not have her name) were friendly and very helpful. Sorted out my Patient Access for online use so quickly. And I met Mrs Irun Naher for my initial assessment and she was lovely. She was interested in my medical history and present circumstances and made me feel an individual and important. Very much appreciated my first contact and the Surgery presented itself as well maintained and professional.

Author: Kristin Oloso
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give this place no stars I would. I changed to this practice after dealing with Umbrella Medical. On the day of my appointment, I adviced nurse Ian. That I can supply the phramcy audit of my prescriptions in order to not go without medications. This was April 2nd, 2025 at the time of my new patient appointment. She advised that I could give my existing health records and the audit to the receptionist. I went to the the receptionist adn explained the situtaion as again I am from a different country and want to midgate my current medication until I return back home. I also wanted access online. She stated there was no need. That it would just happen. I couldnt see the results of the labs called the same receptionist. Only for her to tell me I need to come to the practice and drop my medical records and the only way to get the lab results was to see the physician first. After 2 days of back and forth I decided this practice wasnt for me. I received a call today asking if I left the practice. I confirmed that I did. I do not need furstration in attempting to get medical care. moments after I received a notice of deactivation of my online records. THIS IS THE MOST UNPROFESSIONAL medical practice every. I do not recommend. When I called to explain that this is a violation of my rights Under the UK GDPR, individuals have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether their personal data is being processed and, if so, access to that data. I was told they do not keep data. WHICH has now promted me to file a complaint with the ICO. This is ridculous.As well as an abuse of power.
