Practice: BIRCHILLS HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: M91629
Postcode: WS2 8QH
Google Maps title: Old Birchills Health Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 76
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Old+Birchills+Health+Centre/@52.5910479,-1.9989267,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487098af49c48767:0x93f16d71986c781d!8m2!3d52.5910447!4d-1.9963464!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1th56f53?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M91629-birchills-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: tracy.b95
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors are ok, some of the receptionists are really rude, especially the young ones.

Author: Inderjit singh
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Old Birchills health centre is the best surgery centre in Walsall. I have been with this surgery for a long time now. Whenever I need an appointment to see the Doctor I can easily get an appointment and the reception staff are polite and professional. The Doctors at this surgery are very professional and and caring whenever I have a problem I get the best Health Care possible. I would definitely recommed well known Dr A.S.Suri Because he is best and has a long life experience with Gereral Health Care. I would definitely recommend this surgery to all my family and friends so they can receive the best Health Care. I rate this surgery 5 Star 🌟 for overall quality and performance.

Author: S A
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The only good thing about these doctors was how easy it was to book an appointment. The rest of it was neglect. I was born in Birchills, and this was my GP until I moved in December 2025, when I was told I had to look for a new GP because it was out of the area. At the time, I was so annoyed because I was still living in my old home, but it turned out to be a blessing in disguise. I have been having back issues, cloudy urine, and bowel issues for over 6 months. I knew deep down I wasn't having UTI issues, but something more severe. We have a family history of chronic pancreatitis, and every time I went into the office, I kept telling them this, which they kept saying had nothing to do with my pancreas, even though I went private for an abdominal scan, and he picked up a fatty pancreas. The doctor I went to before leaving literally said, “Back pain has nothing to do with the pancreas,” which was very concerning. She said, “It sounds like I have spine issues”, even though I kept telling her, all these symptoms came together in June! The doctor, even before her, literally goes, “This is no pancreas issue, bowel changes have nothing to do with your pancreas,” Which is not true! They kept neglecting my concerns because of “what they thought was right”, not what was actually right! Could have at least googled it! I remember telling her that my private ultrasound picked up a fatty pancreas and that I had an email of my results. As I was literally searching my emails for 10 seconds, she goes, “Well, I'm still waiting.” Her tone was abrupt, and I knew I was in the worst hands possible. They would not check my pancreas or give me any blood tests, as they didn't think anything was wrong with me. And kept saying, “Oh, you had a blood test on so and so month, and everything looked fine,” which, in fact, was untrue. My blood test was abnormal. My crp was high, and other things were out of normal range. Finally, I went to my new GP, literally on the first appointment, he goes, “This sounds like there's an issue with your pancreas. I will be booking you in for a blood test, taking a stool sample, and I will be getting in contact with the gastro team” he said this without even me letting him know about my family history. The fact that he can also confirm what I've been worried about all this time is true, but because of the lack of care from this place, my situation most likely is far worse than we believe. If you can find another GP, please, please do. This GP does not care about your welfare. They want to keep fobbing you off. I can't believe how I let them gaslight me to believe I was ok, even with all the symptoms pointing to pancreas issues!!

Author: S K Hove
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery and great team. I have to say Wendy is the face of the surgery. You come and she greets you with a smile and always there to help.Thank you Wendy for making a bad day better😊 …

Author: Kamila Tobiašová
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I initially wrote a less favorable review due to two negative experiences with one doctor, because she was curt and unpleasant. However, I want to acknowledge that the reception staff and nurses have always been friendly and professional. After today’s visit with another doctor, he was very kind, professional, and helpful, I decided to update my review. One should not judge the entire clinic based on a single negative experience.

Author: Apsara Hussain
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I saw Dr C madzima today wonderful dr, helpful insightful and courteous . The surgery staff are lovely too thank you Fira. Good service

Author: Michelle K.
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly couldn't ask for a better GP in this climate. Always there for me and my son. We are grateful. Thank you.

Author: West Walsall
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude lady on the phone, doctors sending referrals to pharmacies that don’t have a service for my problem and the receptionist says my 17 year old sister needs to call herself regarding her e consultation that they haven’t got back to when it’s been over a week…

Author: Jenine SHIENMAR
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor set you up in getting an appointment, To do this you have to go online and fill in forms so anyone can get another persons information and private details to pretend to the registered patient. So easily done, poor security. Oh and Good Luck Ever meeting a G.P Face to Face they love to increase social isolation!

Author: M W
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
M WLocal Guide · 25 reviews · 17 photos11 months ago
