Practice: PINFOLD MEDICAL
Canonical code: M91650
Postcode: WS3 3JP
Google Maps title: Pinfold Health Centre
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 281
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Pinfold+Health+Centre/@52.6132846,-2.0026597,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sPINFOLD+MEDICAL+WS3+3JP!3m8!1s0x48709f5a56430095:0x99de2864796392ba!8m2!3d52.6134097!4d-1.999626!9m1!1b1!15sChdQSU5GT0xEIE1FRElDQUwgV1MzIDNKUJIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmlj4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1vg_c95w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M91650-pinfold-medical.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Brian Golding
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Visited this centre today and was appalled! The centre was scruffy dirty and untidy! Direction to anywhere was misleading or non existent! Signage was out of date! No receptionist? Toilet was dirty unsanitary and had no toilet paper! Reviewed here as nowhere on the centres website for complaints.

Author: peter lawlor
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife has no doctor she used to have a doctor at practice but he has left or is doing other things in the practice dr ahmed , this has left my wife, in danger with her health due to multiple anomalies, with blood tests etc, not having her own GP its a lottery who may get test results, which are very important to her health at moment, the attitude of the practice as a whole is whoefull, luckily due to incompetence, we have gone into debt to pay for private doctor anywhere, and after a consultation with an actual doctor online, with the blood test results available on NHS, advised immediate action was taken by this practice.. pinfold health centre, to make my wife's life manageable again, it is not acceptable the way you treat certain patients, that for some strange reason who have not got a reliable go-to doctor

Author: PAUL NORTON
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I found the doctors don’t share information with each other, and seem to have competition to out do each other. A very unprofessional surgery. The reception staff are great . My opinion choose another surgery.

Author: Darren Hunt
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Darren HuntLocal Guide · 133 reviews · 24 photos7 months ago

Author: Liam May
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service of the receptionist she thinks mental health is a joke not happy at all

Author: Rachel Cooper
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
St lukes/Dr. Bains surgery Exellent services from all staff and Dr's every time I go. From Mr David Evans

Author: Steven Morgan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Steven Morgan9 reviews11 months ago

Author: Zoe Meeson
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist are vile really rude and have no manners or respect. they don't care how they talk and treat people with disabilities and mental health problems they clearly have no training for and threaten to have me removed for asking for help They let the surgery down and their patients down who keeps letting them think they own the hole surgery or they think that they are doctors and try to diagnose you when they are not Doctors I been here for years never had one issue or problem in dealing with resciptioniest in past but I am thinking of making a complaint now and leaving now They never got any appointments but the surgery is always empty and they don't answer your calls but they sit their chatting like they have all day when you go in because they won't answer your call. I went into the doctors to get appointment eathier for on phone or face to face to didn't mind if was a doctor or nurse to talk bout my medications . I had no sleep the night beforehand I was really tired and irratated that I had to go to the surgery. I been really ill with having sezuires because I'm epilepic have been for years! I have been put on some new medications and new dosage changes. I Was Weaned of an old epilpsy medication and was put on another medication for anxiety aswell I was having More sezuires around this time that's why I had a medication changes in first place But trying to explain the hole situation to the rude resciptioniest/staff it lead me to having a sezuire and a panic attack I passed out . They wasn't interested that I was suffering and in need of help. They had police remove me Few days after going into the doctors I had a letter from the GP surgery saying If I kicked off again shouting or being abusive to staff then I be kicked off the doctors list . They wouldn't help me sort out the problem I had with my medications to begin with and they still wouldn't give me an appointment.. it wasn't helpful to me at all even asking for help. because I had a panic attack and a sezuire so I stuffered more I was also in middle of a depressive episode and I was relapse-ing having had to go into a mental health restbite/safe space And now I am having side affects off medications and all the stress and pressure I already been under could of been prevented if today resciptioniest don't think they are doctors when they are not trained enough to deal with a patients mental health history or health conditions background. They also don't care when they mess your prescriptions up they blame the pharmacist for something that was their mistake my eye drops for glaucoma have been taken off repeat prescription when I can go blind without them I wouldn't even recommend this doctors to anyone anymore specially if you have mental health or serious health complications. Worse doctor surgery I ever been under

Author: Darren
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Darren4 reviewsa year ago

Author: Julie
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only praise the surgery the way they always find an appointment for both my Aunt and Uncle when I request....both are monitored and cared for well by their GPs and recently a speedy urgent cancer referral took place and my uncle was seen in a matter of day's....parking and carpark layout is horrendous but that's the only criticism....five 🌟 from me!
