Practice: PENN SURGERY
Canonical code: M92043
Postcode: WV3 7LX
Google Maps title: Penn Surgery
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Penn+Surgery/@52.5691284,-2.1469481,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48709b0ed253b097:0xca2fcd1b5ec9e004!8m2!3d52.5691252!4d-2.1443678!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wbrx6h0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M92043-penn-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ann Potts
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My husband is going through major surgery. Dr Martin has been amazing. The best Doctors.

Author: Elecia Chantiluke
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
An absolutely wonderful GP practice! The reception team managed by the lovely Steph are absolutely brilliant. They all possess excellent communication skills, they listen, are empathetic and efficient. The Practice nurses and HCA's are highly skilled, very pleasant and possess excellent interpersonal skills. The Dr's are all very lovely, personable, empathetic, highly skilled and very knowledgeable. Individual Strengths: Dr Pamma is lovely, caring and certainly KNOWS HER STUFF! She ensures that you understand everything discussed in the consultation and the treatment plan before you leave. You learn something new each time. She is very conscious of time keeping and doesn't like to keep patients waiting so consultations are clear and concise. Dr Adedeja showers you with EMPATHY as soon as you enter the room. She is a calm and excellent listener who gives you the time you need to give your history. She ensures that she has understood you correctly before deciding on a treatment plan. We observed when she was newly appointed into this post and have watched her develop into the fantastic GP she is now. Dr Martin is THE COOL CALM CARING LISTENER He sits away from the screen and his focus is solely on you. He gives you the time you need especially if you are elderly or have additional needs. He creates a very relaxed environment which eradicates nerves and anxieties so that you feel more able to give an accurate history. He knows and remembers my entire family which enables him to take a more holistic approach. My mum loves him☺️ Dr Chisolm is another lovely, caring Dr with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. She is very knowledgeable and efficient and you leave confident in the plan of care Their individual professional and personal strengths, collectively serves to enable them to consistently deliver high standards of health care. The appointment system works and even throughout the pandemic, unlike other practices, we did not struggle with obtaining appointments. You will be far pushed to find a better GP practice in my opinion

Author: Jan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jan6 reviews4 months ago

Author: Timothy Russell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent GP surgery. I left my original (20 odd years) GP surgery after it became frankly dangerous due to incompetence. Penn surgery is how a GP surgery should be, caring about their patients. I couldn’t be happier here. Prescription to pharmacy is amazingly fast and accurate. Well done to all the staff and GP’s. On another note the receptionists always have a smile, not a scowl like my previous GP’s (not naming but you all know who).

Author: Jenny Ejike
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was with pen Surgery for two years before I move my address and Change they are the best. Their doctors and staff are amazing my special thanks go to doctor Bola Adedeji she is awesome I wish I can come back to pen surgery

Author: Katy Freeman
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Katy Freeman3 reviews11 months ago

Author: david miles
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I needed information to log onto the NHS app. The receptionist told me she hadn’t heard of the information needed… all GP Practices have this info on all patients. She said she would get the information emailed to me. The email didn’t arrive. Phoned again, receptionist didn’t help at all and said she would pass on info but didn’t ask what I needed! She then began to pretend the phone line was breaking up! Amazing! How amazingly unprofessional!!

Author: Mick Childs
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
This surgery is good doctors are good but what lets it down is the pharmacist thats goes in says meds are not due

Author: Ellie Sailsman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been registered at this practice for approximately 13 years. I have found that, unfortunately, only one doctor, Dr. Carter, seems to take an active interest in the patients’ concerns. After submitting a complaint today regarding my treatment, I was informed by Lisa that I have been removed from the practice due to a change of address four months ago, which I haven’t had to opportunity to update. Lisa didn’t take the time to even offer an apology or sympathy before trying to find the easiest resolution, which seemingly is to remove me rather than addressing the issue. This situation is quite surprising, especially considering my history with the practice. Additionally, I have experienced multiple misdiagnoses and have often felt that my ongoing health issues were not taken seriously. Truly shocking and a testament to the type of staff working for the NHS.

Author: Ashvinder Kaur
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly & professional. I really value the care the doctors & staff provide & highly recommend it.
