Practice: HEALTH AND BEYOND
Canonical code: M92612
Postcode: WV2 2AU
Google Maps title: Health and Beyond - Grove Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.6
Google review count: 72
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Health+and+Beyond+-+Grove+Medical+Centre/@52.5761357,-2.117712,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48709bc0087bbcfb:0x40c44a1aeeca5c50!8m2!3d52.5761325!4d-2.1151317!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdhdfxn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/M92612-health-and-beyond.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Minty 777
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
Really appalling service , had appointment today was still waiting 40 minutes , I had to wait 40 minutes to be seen with an already booked appointment absolutely hopeless. Doctor also looked like he was just woken up and didn’t have a clue what he was on about, will avoid this practice for as long as possible. Their booking for an appointment is also very hopeless we have to go through a triage and wait weeks for be seen.

Author: Mr Uk
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful! Had an appointment at 4pm. I arrived at 3:50pm and was still there by 4:50pm whilst people arriving for their 4:30pm appointments were being seen! If you need actual help find a different practice

Author: Surinder Julka
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is Wednesday 13:00 unable to speak with the reception. Listened repeated messages, told 3rd on the queue. Waited another 20 minutes. This is not the same place as it used to be. Telephone system rubbish

Author: Anup Sharma
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Anup Sharma7 reviews2 months ago

Author: adriana barabas
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One star is too much for Grove.

Author: Adrian Whitehall
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Adrian WhitehallLocal Guide · 197 reviews · 141 photos6 months ago

Author: Davey Baby
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Davey Baby6 months ago

Author: Helen Stokes
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I want to be honest I’m critical old school but young still:) if I’m desperate I get appointments. Jot all staff are great that’s true it looks like you have forced some to be there. However the physio is exceptional the doctors don’t just tend to hand you any old thing. Some are genuinely interested in how you are feeling I’ve had that on more than one occasion. I’ve had much worse surgeries in bilston such as bilson health centre. Often things can be out and f the person on the desks control. That’s why I’ve never got angry with them. They don’t get paid enough. Your health isn’t worth the stress with that and I get stressed easily very easy. The only thing I can advise is message them phone or arrive on same day before 8 am they have always tried their best with me and that’s the receptionists across all the surgeries not one or two each one has always tried to get an appointment so it’s not like they would know me personally I guess I’m trying to say. I can only suggest this. Times are changing we no longer get family doctors. They see loads a day. Yes I agree they get paid enough. One doctor though actually made me think differently he pointed out a truth. Last year not even year ago I was in hospital passed out with blood pressure of 200. Ended up in icu. Always known blood pressure issues so hospital should kept me in they sent me home as I woke up told me it was stress. My doctor pointed out I couldn’t have had a panic attack whilst unconscious that that’s what’s known as a symptomatic heart attack. It made sense I don’t remember much but I know I wernt panicking as I was only at 111 I though I had a water infection and was weekend.they told me go see my doctor and as my doctor rightly pointed out. How can I monitor your blood p24 hours I can’t come home with you. I can’t xray you. I can’t send blood test to reception and get back within hour . I can only do so much. In all honesty they changed over years of the way I thought. I thought that’s right he has a point. Sometimes though I get it it’s easier to blame who’s in front of you. Unfortunately when they refer you or it’s something out of their control it becomes a complaint. This isn’t a lecture please don’t think this. However I made me think when he put it like this to me. Also it don’t help when people don’t cancel appointments. That could be used for you. Just like you get the arrogant people who won’t move out the way when an ambulance has its siren on “. That’s a second that could save someone. I guess it’s a new way looking at things

Author: Cj Perkins
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
disgusting service. wouldn't recommend. this place actually needs department of health and safety looking into it. never seen such a filthy doctors surgery

Author: Andonny Birrell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The so called 'practice' is nothing but a waste of space. Have to wait weeks for an appointment (if you're offered one)!
