Practice: OAKLANDS
Canonical code: N81039
Postcode: CW10 9BE
Google Maps title: Oaklands Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oaklands+Medical+Centre/@53.1904002,-2.4489789,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a58005b3e4cd3:0x8dae36f6ae03f630!8m2!3d53.190397!4d-2.4463986!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2pcd0_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81039-oaklands.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Brooke Stokes
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have been at this surgery for over 5 years now. I am autistic and have a very rare genetic disorder (VHL). As such, it's important for me to have consistency with who I see as my medical history is quite complex and lengthy and a doctor who doesn't know the details isn't equipped to make good medical decisions for me. I have been picking up needles and syringes at this surgery for years to do my B12 injections at home. In total, I have been administering my own B12 injections for nearly 15 years. However, 2 days ago after an appointment, I asked at the desk if the nurse was available to give me some more (she usually gives me 3 at a time) and the receptionist said the nurse couldn't do that. I explained that this had been routine for years and she said someone would call me. I received a call today saying a Dr. Toby, who I have never seen, said that I wasn't allowed to do my injections myself and had to come to the surgery due to "self injurious" behaviour LAST YEAR. My "self injurious" behaviour was feeling suicidal due to ongoing domestic abuse, which has since been resolved. I am adult who lives by myself with access to professional kitchen knives and enough opiate and benzo medications to sedate a donkey, yet this doctor who knows absolutely nothing about me nor my situation has decided that I am no longer allowed to do something that I've been safely doing for 15 years. Getting to the surgery as a disabled person who often relies on a wheelchair and doesn't drive is a massive inconvenience when I can simply do my injections at home. I think Dr. Crofts and Dr. Longhorn are two of the best GPs I've ever met in my life and I really wish they would look into how their patients are being treated by front desk staff and other doctors.

Author: Tom Collins (Rhythm and THE Blues)
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terry C. Usually good but poor on 16 May. Receptionist fobbed me off without any impression she wanted to helpful. At 80 in a couple of weeks.know that DIY Medicine is beyond me but it would seem good practice to.me for a surgery to contact a patient who has been in hospital since the beginning the year - only takes a phone call.

Author: Stuart Lawler
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Opening times stated online are incorrect, which doesn’t help those working 9-5. There’s always staff talking to themselves yet it takes 15 minutes to be served. Absolute shambles

Author: emily c
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the treatment I received from this GP practice and feel compelled to share my experience. I have been in ongoing, severe pain for over two weeks and have been back and forth between the hospital and this practice with no resolution. During this time, I have been seen by four different doctors for the same issue, each insisting on a same-day assessment rather than reviewing previous notes, only to then refer me elsewhere. This has been incredibly frustrating, particularly as I work full-time and do not receive paid sick leave or paid time off for medical appointments. I have explained this repeatedly, yet I continue to be asked to attend frequent in-person assessments with no progress. Today I was asked to attend yet another appointment at 4:15pm. I allowed extra time to travel from work due to traffic, and at 4:10pm I phoned reception to explain that I was on my way and might be a couple of minutes late due to school traffic. I was told this was fine and that there was a 10-minute grace period before the doctor may not see me. I arrived at 4:19pm and attempted to check in using the electronic screen, as I usually do. The screen instructed me to check in at reception. Both receptionists were on the phones and laptops and did not look up or acknowledge me. I stood at the desk, moving between both sides, for approximately nine minutes trying to be seen, making direct eye contact, but was ignored. Before the 10-minute grace period had even passed, I saw my doctor’s name flash up calling the next patient. Only then did a receptionist speak to me and tell me that I had “wasted time” by attempting to check in on the screen and that I should have checked in at reception immediately. I explained that I followed the on-screen instructions and had been standing there waiting to be acknowledged, but the receptionist repeatedly talked over me, dismissed what I was saying, and insisted that I was at fault. Despite explaining that the doctor called the next patient before the grace period had ended and that both receptionists had been occupied the entire time, I was spoken to in a rude and condescending manner. I was then told I could sit and wait while the doctor decided whether she wanted to see me or not. At this point, after weeks of unresolved pain and feeling completely unheard, I left the practice. The way I was spoken to and treated was unacceptable. The behaviour displayed by the receptionist was unprofessional, dismissive, and entirely inappropriate for a front-facing role — especially when dealing with a 19-year-old patient who is clearly unwell and in significant pain. This practice needs to seriously review how patients are communicated with and how vulnerable individuals are treated. No patient should be made to feel blamed, ignored, or spoken down to while seeking medical help.

Author: Jason
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would not recommend at all! Terrible service

Author: Sarah Parkes
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A family member contacted this GP practice to rearrange an appointment and was placed on hold by the reception staff. Unfortunately, the phone was not muted properly, and my family member overheard staff referring to them using an extremely inappropriate and derogatory name. Another staff member later confirmed that they had reviewed the call recording and apologised. However, this incident has been very upsetting and has had a real impact on my family member’s mental wellbeing. Given the number of previous negative reviews surrounding poor quality of care from the reception staff, it’s concerning that this kind of behaviour is still occurring. I would NOT recommend this practice unless clear action is taken to address the conduct and professionalism of the reception team.

Author: Duncan Parsons
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I fail to understand any comments which suggest that the treatment available at Oaklands surgery is anything other than excellent. The fact that I and my wife can rely upon the surgery for a rapid and caring response to our medical needs is one reason why I continue to live in Middlewich , which has little else as a town to offer.

Author: One Life Art Therapy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
One Life Art Therapy3 reviews5 months ago

Author: Louise
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up enquiring about why my prescription had been stopped. The woman on the phone had such an attitude, talking over me. As at my previous doctors this had never happened, she stated that they don’t have the capacity to tell everyone when repeats are stopped. Wasn’t even bothered about it being stopped I was more concerned about why it had been stopped and she just came across rude and abrupt.

Author: Maria Kildunne
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always had a positive experience with this practice. I find if you polite with people they are generally polite back. It must be hard to please everyone all of the time. The drs and associate professionals have always done their best to treat me and my family when we are unwell. We’ve always been seen or contacted the same day. Some of the newer processes have been imposed by NHS England and the surgeries hands are tied. Sometimes little oversights are made but Overall glad I’m with Oaklands.
