Practice: KENMORE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81002
Postcode: SK9 1PA
Google Maps title: Kenmore Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kenmore+Medical+Centre/@53.323096,-2.2408858,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sKENMORE+MEDICAL+CENTRE+SK9+1PA!3m8!1s0x487a4d9c59ad0f73:0x7b8e89b8d05089b4!8m2!3d53.323096!4d-2.2361222!9m1!1b1!15sCh5LRU5NT1JFIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIFNLOSAxUEGSAQZoZWFsdGjgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tq8j27d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81002-kenmore-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John Pate
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Kenmore for over 30 years and would thoroughly recommend it. Despite having had many ailments over the time I have found the doctors and support staff to be extremely helpful and supportive. And the recent changes to a more online service have if anything in my opinion improved the service. Overall, an excellent local medical centre.

Author: Pam Thomson
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this medical practice for 20 years, and have always been very happy at the care I and my family have received. I saw Dr. Kiran Morjaria today and the consultation was extremely helpful.

Author: Jordan Foster
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Our family have been patients of this practice since we moved to Wilmslow 19 years ago, for the past 2 years we have required their services frequently. Their care and attention is second to none, the service we have received is exceptional. We are seen quickly and the online experience of getting an appointment or repeat prescription is brilliant. We feel blessed to have such a fabulous practice and would recommend anyone moving to Wilmslow to register here.

Author: Steven Valentine
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always very responsive and very thorough

Author: Amanda Whittle
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yesterday I filled in an online consultation form for my son. He got a face-to-face appointment with a doctor within an hour and subsequently got an appointment at Macclesfield Hospital in the afternoon. I'd like to thank everyone at the surgery for their help. You're incredible people.

Author: Andrew Hinton-Lever
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Andrew Hinton-LeverLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 29 photos5 months ago

Author: Anneliese Estrada
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Page 1 - I was damaged nearly three years ago by an antibiotic called Ciprofloxacin after being given it at the hospital after leaving hospital after food poisoning. This turned into a serious kidney infection which then turned into a superinfection where I had to be in Macclesfield hospital for seven days. When I left I was given this Ciprofloxacin antibiotic which has SEVERAL of the highest black box warnings by the FDA for causing 'permanent and irreversible disablement'. This antibiotic has a long history of killing and disabling the public and this is NOT RARE as most doctors seem to think despite the fact they have this on their computers and so they are still giving it out like smarties worldwide. This antibiotic can cause aortic aneurysm and aortic dissection, cataracts, retinal detachment, brain damage to the brain stem, suicide, severe muscle wastage, ripped tendons/cartilage, psychological problems, seizures, death, and a lot more. I am on a group of ten thousand men and women all suffering long term disability and horrific symptoms, plus myself, and we are getting no help from anyone in the medical world as doctors do not believe we have been damaged by this antibiotic despite it stating since 2011 that it is extremely harmful. There were serious updates by the FDA, NICE, the UK Government and European medical regulators (PRAC) in 2025, 2018, 2019, 2023, 2024, and 2025 whereby doctors worldwide were told NOT to give it out unless it is a last resort or in a life and death situation. Many have been campaigning in the US and here to have these banned because they are so dangerous and have killed and disabled millions worldwide. Doctors excuse you as having anxiety instead of dealing with us and helping us. This has been my awful experience at Kenmore medical practice for nearly three years. Yes, doctors there are pleasant but the negligence they have shown towards me is terrible and I'm still trying to get help. When, in the summer of June 2023, Ciprofloxacin was given to me in hospital, I was not told of the terrible life changing issues that could occur after Fluoroquinalones (class of antibiotics - Cipro is one of them). My life has changed beyond all recognition. I took five Ciprofloxacin and started throwing up on the 5th one. I have connective tissue disease (hypermobility all over & stretchy skin), and autoimmune issues (Raynauds) and Ciprofloxacin should never have been given to anyone with these issues as well as people aged 65+.

Author: Robert Orr
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Page 2. I have bad breathlessness everyday, I cannot exercise -my palpitations get so bad & I now have an extra heartbeat & other issues that were picked up on a holter monitor over a year ago & Kenmore were supposed to have referred me to a cardiologist - EXCEPT they did not. They lied to me twice, telling me the referral was sent over a year ago only for my dad to talk to them today & find out they didn't do it. I am gutted. I was so ill the last year that I did not want to live as I couldn't walk without feeling utterly breathless & shaky - feeling faint - and the heart issues still ongoing. They could see how breathless I was just walking and still am and they REFUSE to help me. I cannot eat properly almost three years after I was given Ciprofloxacin, my muscles have/are still wasting away, my heart is still not good, the gagging is awful and I cannot brush my teeth without vomiting. I was diagnosed with chronic erosive gastritis at Macclesfield hospital and Kenmore got that letter - they completely ignored me and so left me unable to eat, and with no help, or follow up appointment. I also got no help after the ambulance and stay overnight in hospital due to the terrible tachycardia and heart rhythm issues that Ciprofloxacin has caused. I am basically being left to rot. Damaged by the NHS yet when I need help, no doctor will help. My life will possibly never be normal ever again due to the 'persisten, irreversible and permanent' damage caused by this lethal antibiotic. These are not RARE side effects. This is permanent disability! It is disgraceful how I have been treated and fobbed off. I need to see a cardiologist, a mitochondrial expert and possibly a gastro doctor to talk about a faecal transplant yet no specialist will see me. Doctors in the UK have no idea about the devastating effects of Ciprofloxacin. They don't want to know. If it were their son, daughter, mother, sister, etc, who had been damaged they would be outraged themselves at the disgusting treatment I've had from Kenmore. They are telling me to go private now since no specialist will see me even though I cannot afford to go private. I am on the autistic spectrum, can only work part time and live at home with my parents because I cannot earn enough due to my severe idiopathic chronic insomnia that I have suffered from since birth. I need someone to help me. It's a very scary place when you've been damaged by the NHS (a doctor at Macclesfield hospital) and your doctors think it's anxiety or IBS despite the fact I have awful heart issues and have been wasting away for nearly three years. When you can't see a specialist for mitochondrial damage because they want you to have a diagnosis of something genetic first, it's horrific - I'm trying to get a diagnosis as I have chronic diarrhoea multiple times per day, as food cannot stay in my body due to bile acid malabsorption. I'm basically dying slowly - that's what Ciprofloxacin does to you. I know because I'm on that group of over ten thousand damaged people and many have died or committed suicide as they are wasting away. This is 100% caused by Ciprofloxacin and Fluoroquinalones. We are heartbroken that our lives will never be the same again and this stuff is being given to children too. THIS is one reason for your chronic illness in the UK. I will be writing to the media, MP's anyone who will listen about this as I have begged for help for nearly three years and they don't seem to care if I die of this. Sorry Kenmore, but I've been forced to do this now. Do you lie to other patients about being referred somewhere and let them think they are on a waiting list when they are not - for over a year! Absolutely disgusting. I'm stuck like this, out of breath, my face sunken, muscles wasted, heart all over the place (I had a weird episode two nights ago where my body was uncontrollable and heart was very erratic and I was shaking all over. I've never had this before but there's no point contacting Kenmore as they only offer phone appointments 1 or 2 months down the line and they refuse to help me. A.Orr.

Author: Sara Harper
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Second edit of the day, I received a text message at 9:15am to cancel my appointment scheduled for 8:40am today. I arrived for my appointment today at 8:40am and waited for 20 minutes, only to then be told the doctor was off sick. I completely understand that doctors can become unwell, but it would have been very helpful to have been informed when I checked in rather than waiting around. I was told a message had been sent, but when I explained I hadn’t received anything, I was told all messages go to the NHS app. Unfortunately, this wasn’t clear to me, and now I need to wait for another appointment. If you’re happy to go online, book a 10-minute appointment for each issue and wait up to 3 weeks for a response, then this is the place for you! Personally, I miss the days when you could just speak to a real person and feel truly heard. It’s the personal experience and help that’s missing, especially for the vulnerable, in my opinion

Author: Naveed Saeed
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic service from Kenmore. Travel immunisations arranged quickly, seen by Vicky in Travel Clinic, she was excellent. Many thanks to Dr Sheikh for responding to our request so promptly. Always professional & responsive service provided by this practice.
