Practice: OAKWOOD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81067
Postcode: CW8 4LF
Google Maps title: Oakwood Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 109
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oakwood+Medical+Centre/@53.2718932,-2.549779,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sOAKWOOD+MEDICAL+CENTRE+CW8+4LF!3m8!1s0x487af94e9e630e99:0xea71d560a495069d!8m2!3d53.2718932!4d-2.5450154!9m1!1b1!15sCh5PQUtXT09EIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIENXOCA0TEaSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1tfcsryj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81067-oakwood-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marc Byram
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always had a good experience at the GP practice. Annual health checks as standard which isn’t true if a lot of other practices. All the staff are friendly and helpful.

Author: Simon “Yogi bear”
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor experience, asked to speak to Prescriptions clerk , told they dont have one. Couldn't answer the questions i had relating to reduced quantity of prescription and didnt give any altenatives until i suggest some ! The attidude of the lady on the phone was terrible. Ive been patient of Oakwood for 50 years this is the worst its been.

Author: Emily B
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I called this afternoon regarding a phone appointment i was supposed to have to be told it was cancelled last week i wasn’t even made aware they cancelled the first woman i spoke to at reception was rude and so unhelpful made no effort at all to help or get me re booked in

Author: Janet Cowle
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Although I am not a patient at this surgery, my own surgery sent me here yesterday, I saw a lovely lady called Clare who travels around different surgeries around northwich, she was amazing 👏 ever so friendly, bubbly, caring and informative, I don't do reviews but why not give positive feedback, credit where credits due, the reception staff were lovely too, I wish I worked with them 😊 people are all too quick to complain these days, well done 👏

Author: Lauren Yarwood
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Turned my 5 year old daughter away with strep A, because they are at capacity. Absolute joke. EDIT TO ADD. USED PHARMACY FIRST AND WAS INFORMED BY THE PHARMACIST THAT I HAVE A SECONDARY CHEST INFECTION AND HE SAID THAT I NEED TO SEE MT GP ASAP. ONCE AGAIN, THEY'RE AT CAPACITY AND IM TOLD TO GO TO HALTON WALK IN. HOW ARE THEY GETTING AWAY WITH NOT FIXING STAFFING ISSUES THIS LONG AFTER COVID. I DONT EVEN WANT TO SEE A DR, I JUST NEED A PRESCRIPTION. WHY MAKE ME TAKE UP SPACE IN THE WALK IN OR HAVE AN APPOINTMENT??? I'VE ALREADY SEEN THE PHARMACIST AS RECOMMENDED ON THE ADVERTS. OBVIOUSLY THE SYSTEM IS FLAWED BEYOND REPAIR.

Author: Dean Unsworth
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
We have left this practice now I my self lost trust in doctors because of these it’s taken me over 12 months to register with someone else but the new ones are great.My wife is on pain medication for rest of her life she when to pick up a repeat prescription from the receptionist and the receptionist told her she has been on these far to long it’s about time she came off them and was reluctant to give her the prescription worst doctors ever

Author: P Martyn Bracegirdle
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I triage yesterday Thursday Having been given the details by the practice. I immediately filled in the form when I got to the bottom it said it was full. I rang the practice they told me I had just missed it ( 10:05). I was told Triage stays open until 10 o’clock or later if there is capacity. I tried to triage this morning at 9.05 And you’ve guessed it it was full I telephoned and they said it only remains open until capacity has reached and whoever told me 10 o’clock yesterday was a mistaken It was then suggested I keep going back to the triage to see if a slot has become available! Do I sit with my phone going back and 2 to look? I then said I will triage tomorrow morning Saturday. They said they do not work Saturday and I would have to wait until Monday You just can’t make it up I thought Going electronic Wood speed things up. The lady said but we answer the phone now quickly (but they can do nothing to help) and the electronic booking service seems to be hugely hit and miss Martyn Bracegirdle CW9 6JH

Author: Brenda Balmer
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but praise for Oakwood Medical centre, the care and attention is second to none. From the staff on reception to nurses and doctors I have received the best and prompt attention in all matters, many thanks from Brenda Balmer

Author: Paul Andrew Checkley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient of this surgery for nearly 12 months now, having moved from Weaverham Surgery because I was outside the geographical qualification line. I can only comment based on my experience, and this surgery is one of the best experiences I've had. I am now approaching 70, so I have lots of experience behind me. The front-line staff have always been invaluable and understanding of my medical needs, and the in-house services, such as phlebotomy and other services, are outstanding. You don't need to wait for an appointment at the Vic. It is all done within the surgery, unlike Weaverham. The GPs are excellent, caring, and understanding of my complex needs. I am blessed to be part of a first-class surgery.

Author: Lisa Bailey
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I saw a lovely doctor. She’s from another practice she took time to listen and try to help. I told her I’d been on the waiting list to see the dietitian for the past 2 years. So she said ask the receptionist to chase it up. So I did and her response is we don’t do that. But the doctor has asked yeah but we don’t do that. So I said she’s saying one thing you’re telling me another. She reluctantly went to ask and came back and said you need to ring Leighton hospital and get the switchboard for the dietitian. Do you have the number I asked. No google it!! What the hell has happened? no wonder people don’t go to the doctors when the receptionist is about as useful as a chocolate fire guard 😡
