Practice: WEAVER VALE PRACTICE
Canonical code: N81054
Postcode: WA7 2UT
Google Maps title: Weaver Vale Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 50
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Weaver+Vale+Practice/@53.3249135,-2.6991095,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ae2dc54f949db:0xca80e7b111572e60!8m2!3d53.3249103!4d-2.6965292!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jkxmdk6h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81054-weaver-vale-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kayleigh Gray
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Thank you for your letter Emily. But before you send me a snotty letter can you please make sure you have all the correct facts first. Firstly I did not. Not attended my diabetic foot clinic appointment in Warrington I cancelled it as I am disabled and cannot physically get there!! And they know this. And Warrington are LYING. Secondly. I spoke with the secretary Kayleigh and got this sorted out. I saw the podiatry in Hallwood clinic on Friday and again on Tuesday and I currently have 2 more appointments scheduled with them. On the 18th and 25th of march. For my foot. And thirdly I do not care if I have been discharged from Thier service. That I can't get to. THANKS!

Author: Indigo
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just came off the phone from WeaverVale Practice, receptionist did not express empathy or understanding also I know they have to adhere to policies but a bit of compassion would be something in these situations. Me and husband were not abusive but expressed frustration and helplessness because of the sheer ignorance verbally expressed 'go to A&E if your concerned otherwise arrange telephone consultation', receptionist was very guarded and has poor judgment of people in need, receptionist misunderstood this and hung up.( Hope call was recorded) Our toddler after a 111 consultation last night and advice from a RGN nurse, said toddler may have suspected scarlet fever. Some Weavervale receptionists need to be trained in duty of care for individuals not whether or not with their miminal clinical discretion and judgment whether my daughter should not enter a surgery or not after advised medical attention instructed us to see a g.p. Appaling ! Weavervale your not protecting the wider general public your contributing to ill health, my daughter is still waiting for telephone consultation and in the meantime could of been seen by a doctor.

Author: Giedrius Ringis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking place, can't get appointment, rang for chest pain on lhs on and off not sure it's stomach or heart, receptionist said we refer you to pharmacy get medication over the counter. They offered me drugs without testing or any checks, how bad is that. I need referral from doctor to find an issue first than look what needs to be done. Start looking for different place before they kill me

Author: #
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
#Local Guide · 11 reviews6 months ago

Author: Emer Morrison
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First time patient , Dr Karen was an absolute diamond so caring , reception was lovely and booked my appointment smoothly without making me feel uncomfortable. Thank u so much x

Author: Jeremy Jumpingbean
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
NHS England needs to seriously looking into this practice as it has been run into the ground, the receptionists must have trained to be downright obstructive & unbelievably rude (they talk over you constantly like you are some naughty child) have an dreadful attitude they think they have some godlike status and yield all the power over the patients, then there are the doctors my god it truly is a mess of system when the doctor you have been with for nearly 20 years (Dr Beynon) the past 10 years so they can’t blame Covid it’s nigh on impossible to see him as he’s either on holiday, off sick or on long term leave or he doesn’t review meds for years, then misplaces or hasn’t filed extremely vital cancer PET/MRI/CT/X-Ray scans, blood test results and specialist outcomes as they thought I had cancer in my bones, lungs, kidneys & spleen and got the all clear only to get an appointment to see my arm specialist and I had to go through the sheer anxiety and dread of going through all these scans, bloods, travelling to Oswestry again, thinking it was the last Christmas I would have with my family all because DR BEYNON & WEAVER VALE PRACTICE had lost them in their system and was unable to give my previous results to all the necessary specialists so I hope you can understand my anger. You are left to the hundreds of trainee doctors (it’s like a revolving door for them) who don’t bother to look up any long term illness you have or what meds you are on etc. Weaver vale is not fit for purpose in fact it is downright dangerous I am now in the process of making a serious complaint due to negligence and lack of care. Mr Karl Wilson.

Author: stefan sacharewicz
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have not had a problem with this practice for years.Until one very rude receptionist was nasty to me in front of my daughter.Gladly she has now gone and the new girl is polite and professional.

Author: James Ainsworth
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to get an appointment today first available is in four weeks ! Very disappointed going to the pharmacy now for some advice

Author: Deborah Tully
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Deborah Tullya year ago

Author: Frank Hanley
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
No help at all!
