Practice: WATLING STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: N81055
Postcode: CW9 5EX
Google Maps title: Watling Street Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Watling+Street+Medical+Centre/@53.2603188,-2.5164916,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWATLING+STREET+SURGERY+CW9+5EX!3m8!1s0x487af92115590ecb:0x49348d25e20231a8!8m2!3d53.2603938!4d-2.5137447!9m1!1b1!15sCh5XQVRMSU5HIFNUUkVFVCBTVVJHRVJZIENXOSA1RViSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NsaW5pY-ABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1v_z3wc9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81055-watling-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Elaine Adams
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Farrar my Surgeon did a Fantastic job of my hip very Professional explained everything. Aftercare great came to check on me every day during my stay at Spire in Warrington. So very happy after Five weeks I only need one crutch as well. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR ALL MY CARE I RECEIVED. RECEPTIONIST, NURSES ALL THE STAFF BRILLIANT. THE FOOD WAS GREAT ALSO DIDNT WANT TO COME HOME .

Author: Claire
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to use self check-in and I couldn’t be found so went to reception where 3 staff were having a mother’s meeting. Clearly irritated by my presence, one eventually came over and snapped at me. As an allied health professional, I certainly won’t be recommending any of my clients come here. As this appears to be a common complaint/occurrence, it is perhaps something that should be addressed more proactively by the practice manager and senior partners. If you don’t have people skills, look for another job!

Author: Karen Bridson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't thank the team enough for the service I've had in the past few months.

Author: Kevin Stacey
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Booked a shingles jab weeks ago. Now the appointment day, and on my way to the surgery when I receive a phone call saying that no vaccine is available. What an absolute joke and a wasted journey. Such a shambles. 😡😡 …
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for getting in touch. We had a lot of impromptu vaccines while doing our flu vaccines. However, we fully accept that we failed to ensure there was enough vaccine for our patients who were booked in specifically for the shingles vaccine. We contacted patients as soon as we realised our mistake and tried to book them in for another time. If you would still like to have your vaccine, please get in touch and will get you booked in at a convenient time.

Author: Grumpy Cheshire Cat
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Grumpy Cheshire CatLocal Guide · 27 reviews · 6 photos6 months ago

Author: Ben Hodgson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not the best customer service from Julie the receptionist. My partner put in a repeat prescription days ago. It was a vital medication needed that if not taken could result in death. An error on the system occurred which meant that the prescription didn't get sent to the pharmacy. On the day we were due to collect it, it became apparent what had happened. We went down to the surgery to request it asap. We were told it would be ready in the afternoon. We communicated that we needed it before 3pm. The surgery assured us that it would be. Then in the afternoon when we chased it up, Julie said it would be between 1-3 days for the doctor to sign it and send it through to our pharmacy. I explained that my partner needed the medication today, that there had been a problem on their end in sending it days ago and that my partners condition could be life threatening. All Julie said and kept insisting was that is the way it works. Nevermind that it was problem caused on their end. She refused to ask a doctor to sign off the prescription and seemed very indifferent to the fact that my partner could die without this medication. She just kept on saying "that's the way it works" and "the doctor signs the prescriptions when they gets round to it." She said the doctor would probably get round to it today but that's all she could garuntee. I could understand if it was a mistake on our end but her stubborn attitude to a problem that was created on Watling street surgery's end and lack of willingness to help rectify the life threatening mistake shocked me.

Author: Headrush Productions
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waiting 3 months for an appointment. Its a joke. But if a broke into the country id get an appointment

Author: Dylan Jackson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dylan Jackson1 review11 months ago

Author: theresa evans-stone
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
When a gp looks at results and them doesn't act on them but uploads to nhs app allows you to find out via nhs app that you have cancer .discusting .no care no follow up and medicines needed and not acted on .what sort of practice is this!! 😡 …

Author: A129
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP practice I have ever been under. They made everything difficult. I have several diagnosed conditions and getting my essential medication was always a pain, the reception staff are rude, unhelpful and disrespectful. My grandmother tried to talk to them on my behalf as I was so stressed. They made her leave in tears, being so horrible and dismissive with her. One of the reception staff was especially cruel and vindictive. I have thankfully moved GP now but needed to warn people about this place. Awful. They will not take you seriously. Every basic need becomes an issue and then you are made out to be a problematic patient. I felt hopeless here. My new GP surgery is much better and more understanding (I changed to Oakwood in Barnton)
