Practice: HEATH LANE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81009
Postcode: CH3 5UJ
Google Maps title: Heath Lane Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Heath+Lane+Medical+Centre/@53.1890087,-2.8662895,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ae7fef5d952a7:0x66c75b8c2185a8a1!8m2!3d53.1890055!4d-2.8637092!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c1wt3q4y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81009-heath-lane-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rebecca Gamble
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Easily the worst GP I've ever had. The reception desk is not manned, and all staff hide in the back office. Not something I've ever come across before with GPs. You need to ring a doorbell to summon someone from the cupboard but this seems to take ages. Also takes ages to get an answer on the phone too. I've waited 30 minutes for an answer in the past. Appointments are very difficult to acquire, even if you try to plan ahead and book one far in advance to suit your availability/work, it's not possible. They have a ridiculous booking system that's completely illogical. I've been at the surgery for almost a year now and almost every single prescription I've ordered has been wrong, or they've given me only 1-2 weeks worth, when it should be 3-6 months. Definitely not the fault of the pharmacy. I've ran out of crucial medication too many times now due too their incompetence. The doctors/nurses themselves seem ok on the extremely rare occasion I've been able to actually see them. However the front office staff and their operations in general just seems too sadly be unimaginably poor.

Author: Christopher Carter
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Zoe Thompson-Shaw is a superb practitioner in all aspects of her work.

Author: John B
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The only Doctor I’ve any real experience with is Dr Zoe Thompson-Shaw, she is excellent in every way possible. Thank you. Whilst out running today I was bitten by a dog, on returning I went to the pharmacy next door to the surgery and was told the recommended advice was antibiotics, it would need to be issued by a doctor. As blood was now running from my knee to calf I went to the doctors which is located next door. The lady I saw couldn’t have been more disinterested if she’d of tried, told me they wouldn’t issue antibiotics and for me to go to A&E. I’m not sure with the pressures of A&E if they would of appreciated me turning up. I feel a nurse could have assessed me and maybe sorted antibiotics if necessary. A really disappointing experience and I’m unsure if the correct people are making clinical decisions. She just wasn’t interested, end of. The lady also said the pharmacist could be wrong. To those at the practice that offer a good service as highlighted above, thank you ! To those that don’t, maybe try and put yourself in the position of the patient as you throw obstacles in front of them. Happy to discus further and I will seek advice elsewhere re the bite.

Author: Elle Willacy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shameful surgery. My daughter has just told me they have her results but the doctor will not look at them until Monday. They are not even worth 1 star!

Author: Charlie Woodfine
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Charlie WoodfineLocal Guide · 13 reviews · 4 photosEdited 5 months ago

Author: Richard Newton
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute shocking doctors. Didn't help me left me hanging and now im waiting in a and a for e for 6 hours which could of been avoided had they not been completely inept! Avoid like the plague.

Author: Michael Evans
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
very good

Author: jacky
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic service. Called for an appointment Tuesday; appointment Thursday. Thorough examination and my concerns addressed in full and with patience and kindness.

Author: charlotte dixon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
charlotte dixona year ago

Author: Roberto Migliaccio
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
lI have had unsatisfactory experiences with the reception service at this medical practice. Every time I asked for information, the answers were inconsistent and unclear, giving the impression that there was no effective communication between the staff members. Additionally, whenever I asked for clarification, the reception's response was rude and annoyed, as if the questions were bothersome. Unfortunately, this attitude makes the experience unprofessional and made me feel treated as if I were incompetent. I hope there will be more attention to staff training to ensure a more respectful and professional treatment of patient
