Practice: CUMBERLAND HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: N81062
Postcode: SK11 6JL
Google Maps title: Cumberland House Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 108
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cumberland+House+Surgery/@53.2585252,-2.1253184,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487a493bfe3d2393:0x6744807110da7411!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a49d171e77df3:0xc5aaed93041fad20!8m2!3d53.258522!4d-2.1227381!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fr62bp9w?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81062-cumberland-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: debi lloyd
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
My own experiences in recent times have been excellent and having continuity of care has helped with medical issues being dealt with more effectively

Author: Gabriel Tofalos
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this surgery the last 6 years but had no medical issues till now. I saw the GP 3 weeks ago with SOB who requested an ECG. The appointment was for today although my symptoms are getting worse. I was 10 minutes late for the appointment and the nurse refused to do the ECG.I had to book a new appointment for next week! Meanwhile my symptoms are worsen and asked for GP appointment which they booked for 17 March! Avoid this surgery.

Author: Lynda Gill
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Dr Kanda and the receptionist Sharon for their help last Wednesday. My 91 year old Mum had a chest infection that wasn't improving. Sharon very kindly helped me complete the on line form and Dr Kanda visited Mum within a few hours and gave her another dose of antibiotics which have really helped. The surgery doesn't always get good reviews so I felt on this occasion it deserves 5 stars.

Author: Peter
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I attended an audiology appointment this morning on the top floor of the Waters Green Medical Centre. The general standard of service and the degree of individual care attention was absolutely first class. The outcome of today's visit has distinctly improved my hearing capacity. Thank you for this referral. P. Bradley

Author: rachel Czerwinski
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant , timely service from urine sample, testing, sent of to lab,gp phone call tofollow up very timely very professional thank you.

Author: J Do
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It was going to be 1 star after eventually managing to speak to ‘prescription team’ the First Lady was extremely rude and truly unhelpful. I tried a few more times to get help with no luck. I spoke to a secretary - Stacy -Very happy and extremely helpful it’s like chalk and cheese. After her discussing my issue with Dr Stratford they solved smoothly and swiftly within 30 mins. Adream team duo!! Don’t let them go. Assets to the surgery. Shame my earlier contact wasn’t this fulfilling

Author: Ellie & Daniel Lee
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ellie & Daniel Lee3 months ago

Author: Daniel French
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Daniel French3 months ago

Author: Elliott
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I made the effort to go to the surgery to pick up a blood test form - it was shut! For staff training. If I had booked a blood test for later that would have had to be cancelled - waste of my time, waste of someone else's time and loss of an opportunity for someone to use the appointment. This is not a well-run surgery. I have now had a reply to this review (see below) which differs from the surgery reply to me when I emailed the practice. It said that the blood test form was sent to the blood test facility on the first floor as well as reception on the ground floor! Is it both? Why can't one of those be done all the time? They admitted that their communication was not good - I did not know this so does anyone? In addition, I have never had to check GP practice opening times before going - and having to do it online is nonsensical. Many people cannot do that and even if you have a phone/laptop with you there may not be a service to use. The review stands and maybe should go to zero stars.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback. Our opening times are visible on our Google page, including when closed for staff training. Blood test appointments that are booked in on the 1st floor during a training afternoon are still attended as normal and the blood form will have been left with the 1st floor reception in advance. Please contact the surgery and ask for the Practice Manager if you would like to discuss this further.

Author: M Hort
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cumberland House Surgery is a great General Practice, really responsive and supportive, the team always give the best possible care, recently needed lots of help and support for my family and they have made a real difference. Thankyou
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your positive feedback. We are pleased to hear that our team was able to provide the support and care your family needed. Your comments are greatly appreciated.
