Practice: PARKVIEW MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81083
Postcode: WA2 8HE
Google Maps title: Parkview Medical Practice Within Orford Health Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Parkview+Medical+Practice+Within+Orford+Health+Centre/@53.4048566,-2.5908101,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b03d33eaf89fb:0xa9786ceb535fb3e6!8m2!3d53.4048534!4d-2.5882298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxqcw2vm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81083-parkview-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: C Smith
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nurse Dorothea ANP is outstanding. Our daughter had seen a pharmacist and a GP prior to seeing nurse Dorothea , I wish we'd had seen her first! She gave the best treatment, advice and care. Although the rooms in this GP practice are dull and gloomy, I was so impressed with the care that our daughter received.

Author: Han D
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Previously I have been shocked at the poor reviews for this practice. I have always found the reception staff to be polite and helpful, and have always been very grateful to get appointments when needed, anyone I have been seen by, GPs or nurse practitioners, have always listened, and been kind and helpful. Unfortunately a recent appointment did not live up to this standard. I was seen by a nurse practitioner who spoke to me like a child and had no bedside manner.

Author: Lead B
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm very disappointed with Parkview Medical Practice at the Orford Jubilee Hub. In September 2025 I had my asthma review with the nurse whose name she told me was 'Claire'. I'm not sure of the spelling. She also did a diabetic review. I've been a type 1 diabetic for 42 years. She asked if I had the Freestyle Libre diabetic sensor fitted. I said that I didn't. She asked me if I would like one. I said yes and said to her that I had asked for one a number of years ago based on the information that the diabetic nurse at Warrington hospital had told me. The diabetic consultant at the hospital and my GP 'stitched' me up each saying it was the others responsibility to authorise it. So it never got authorised. She said that she could fit it at the Surgery. All I need to do is make an appointment. So I did, specifically saying that I wanted the Freestyle Libre to be fitted. Coming back to today. When I went in there was a different nurse there who said she couldn't fit the Freestyle Libre and anyway they don't keep them at the surgery. I said how disappointed I was. She then went out of the room and talked to the GP. The discussion she had with him went along the lines that since my diabetic control was good a number of years ago there was no need for the Freestyle Libre back then. And since it is good currently there is still no need today. The diabetic nurse that I saw in September is the expert in Diabetes, not the GP or the nurse today who admitted that she couldn't fit them which indicated to me she wasn't an expert in diabetes management. So they have gone against the decision of the diabetes nurse with more experience. I'm not sure that the GP and the nurse's argument I saw today even holds because there is always room for better control with the Freestyle Libre and therefore improved health. Am I being penalised for having good diabetic control? They did offer to arrange a consultation with the diabetic consultant at the hospital. I think I know where that may end up going by what happened a couple of years ago. I'm very disappointed with the whole way this has been handled. Why couldn't a rearranged appointment with 'Claire' be made so that she could fit the Freestyle Libre.

Author: Fred Dibnah
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fred DibnahLocal Guide · 61 reviews · 4 photos5 months ago

Author: Nina Kruczyk
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I came in today for a blood test, which I’ve always been really nervous about. But Ashley did it so smoothly that I didn’t even feel a thing! On top of that, she was incredibly kind and friendly. Thank you so much, Ashley!

Author: Aysha Patel
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist need to work on their customer service skills and watch how they speak to people. Heavyset woman with straight thin hair needs to stop rolling her eyes at people… strange choice for a customer facing role…

Author: M Jayme
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
M JaymeLocal Guide · 203 reviews · 4,302 photos7 months ago

Author: Alexandra M
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Alexandra M6 reviews · 3 photos7 months ago

Author: Susan Heavey
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My parents have been with the surgery for over 50 years and I took my parents out of this surgery because I value there health, years ago it used to be a very good doctors, but not now, the receptionists are not helpful and rude and it’s a stress every time you ring up. You can never get to see or speak to a doctor, it’s always a different nurse who doesn’t know anything about my parents health , on one occasion the doctor was sat in the next room and the nurse had to keep going back and to , to ask him questions and then on another occasion I asked the nurse a question and she said she will email the doctor because she’s working from home , my parents has since gone to another surgery and they cannot believe how good the receptionists and doctors have been , and they finally get to see a doctor, they said they should of changed doctors years ago , the best thing I ever did was moving my parents away from this gp surgery .

Author: Carole
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Pathetic with a capitol F
