Practice: CASTLEFIELDS HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: N81019
Postcode: WA7 2ST
Google Maps title: Castlefields Health Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 74
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Castlefields+Health+Centre/@53.3388687,-2.6943898,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ae2c45125a0cd:0xf0ce72b2e260cd51!8m2!3d53.3388655!4d-2.6918095!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tngptyb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81019-castlefields-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shannon
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
To Tess, from the girl with the dragon tattoo. Tess, who is the Mental Health Nurse at Castlefields Health Centre is the shining and sole reason for my 5/5 star review. She is not only a fantastic professional, but she is an absolute angel of a woman and has given me crucial support where I have been left in a crutch, unable to get adequate support in the systems, get desperately needing it. I have broken down to Tess, I have smiled with Tess (and my smiles are few and far apart), and I have felt understood, empathised for, supported, cared by, advocated for and cheered on by Tess. Tess has a heart of gold- teamed with up most professionality, a clear genuine care for the people she supports with an extremely high level of trauma-informed knowledge and approach to boot. I have CPTSD, BPD, anxiety and depression and she is such a safe presence and a bright light in the hell I survive. Thank you Tess for being an amazing supporter. From Shan ⛓️‍💥⛓️ 🖤 🐉

Author: Happy Grump
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
In the last year C'fields has become scary, especially for those with chronic or complex illness. Communication throughout entire setup is awful. Every contact I have with them I'm finding some form of stress. Critical medicines removed from repeats with zero explanation. You can tell even the empathetic helpful staff have less options or power to assist. It's so easy, as a patient of C'fields today, to just give up. I dread needing them. I do everything I can to hold off making contact. A recent visit with a GP highlighted why demand on A&E grows. You can leave GP appointment without any attempt at addressing even serious issues. Made to feel an inconvenience. Made to feel you can't say exactly what you've waited 5+ weeks to say because it'll take more than one sentence. So you get worse and emergency medicine ends up being needed. It was totally avoidable. Notice GPs demand to see you (must be some incentive), yet unashamedly clock watch the entirety of an appointment. Patient's only crime is perhaps having quite the history. I was growing more concerned with each visit, or 2 sentence text message GP input, but the most recent visit shocked me.

Author: Michelle Heussi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this surgery when I moved to Runcorn The receptionists are lovely always polite and helpful.The doctors are all lovely as are the diabetic nurses.I am really satisfied with the service and would reccomend to anybody .

Author: Katie Bacon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Tess (Mental Health Nurse) for her care and understanding! I've spoken to Tess a few times over the phone and each time I've felt really heard and understood. Not only this but Tess has provided details and made referrals quickly to services that can help to support myself and my child! Tess is really knowledgable about local services that can support and she has a way of making you calm again in the most trying of situations and I cannot thank her enough for that! She is an assest to Castlefields Health Centre and I sincerely hope that the surgery recognises that! Thank you so much Tess for your kindness and warmth towards our situation! Please know that you are appreciated!

Author: Joy Reader
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The care workers, nurses and doctors are all brilliant, as with any surgery you can sometimes wait a while, but always worth the wait. Thankyou

Author: ابراهيم الأمين
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
ابراهيم الأمين2 reviews4 months ago

Author: Gemma L
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The GP i spoke to was so kind understanding and has helped me so much. The reception are all lovely too and so prompt. Can't thank them enough

Author: Sadie Bullock
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery is a JOKE

Author: Christine Williams
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I felt I had to say a big thank you to Dr Millerchip, she put me in mind of how it used to be when you only seen 1 GP. She could not have given anymore care than she did, she listened, was very caring and thorough with her examinations of me to establish what was wrong and kept checking on me and kept me updated by phone. I know they are very busy and don’t always have time for this these days but it certainly helped me and prevented me a stay in hospital which means a bed for someone else freed up.

Author: emmanescence1
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
emmanescence1Local Guide · 19 reviews · 7 photos7 months ago
