Practice: FIR PARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81035
Postcode: WA8 9DT
Google Maps title: Fir Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 100
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Fir+Park+Medical+Centre/@53.3811763,-2.7503449,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b1d9d5c5ba34f:0xe7f84d8f817a9c28!8m2!3d53.3811731!4d-2.7477646!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg_l51z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81035-fir-park-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anthony Hill
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful assistants tell you to use website, what is the point of having a phone line just to get fobbed off. No help available.

Author: Sophie G
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sophie G1 reviewa month ago

Author: Diane Ross
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse doctors ever , you get through at 8 in position 2 only for them to put phone down on you , then can't get back thought no appointments left ,this surgery needs a whole new system absolutely awful .

Author: Ged Philbin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ged Philbin4 months ago

Author: Larry Moran
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had to cancel a holiday the week before going due to needing an operation. Therefore needed to claim holiday costs back off the insurance company. Simple you might think. Not with Fir Park. They would fill the necessary form in, but it would cost a minimum of £25 (They can't confirm the actual cost until they have made the effort to do so. However you have to give them "up to 21 days to complete the form) So gave them the form, and waited and waited etc etc. Eventually my wife called the practice after about 20 days only to be told that they" hadn't been about to fill it in as there was a sheet missing". (There wasn't) So telephones, emails, text messages, carrier pigeons and smoke signals were not attempted to inform us it seems. After a visit to the practice by my wife - during which someone else rang me separately - the form was filled in - 24 hours later, but cost £30. Quite how they justify a wait of 21 days and then charge you £30 for the privilege is mind boggling. Perhaps if we'd arrived on a dinghy up the Mersey and not spoke a word of English, instead of each contributing for over 50 years each to NI contributions we might get better service?

Author: Vicky Ryan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusted with the rudeness of the reception staff here no need for it at all I rang to check how the system works for a 2 year old baby to get an appointment after sat 5 hours nearly in Widnes walk in centre yesterday for the nurse to tell us it’s a gp problem ringing to arrange an appointment is a whole different task - god help our elderly having to do all this it’s ridiculous it really is,this isn’t right why can’t we pick the phone up like we used to which worked rather than filling out online consultations with passcodes etc honestly utterly ridiculous and I feel for people having to mess about doing all this especially our elderly who are massively let down by this system GP have a duty of care for each and every patient this system is a shambles

Author: Ali
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist was rude and not understanding what I was saying or listening to what I was saying. Asked for the practice manager to ring me and the receptionist didn't understand why. Again rang again the receptionist was not prepared to listen to what I was saying she didn't tell even try to help wouldn't even send a message to the doctors apparently they can't communicate with the doctors how strange.

Author: Tanya Lowry
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never experienced anything like it in my life! How are this team of receptionists representing a “health care” establishment when they are so clearly incapable of dealing with people respectfully!! I’ve worked in a community setting half my life and never have I treated someone with such ignorance and disrespect as I’ve experienced from the reception staff at this surgery… this surgery is tainted by the rudest receptionists with an awful and incompetent attitude towards patients needs!! Surgery manager is also rude and unhelpful and doesn’t follow up on complaints. Shame as some of the doctors and mental health staff are really good but it’s near impossible to get an appointment so pointless being registered when you can’t get past the rude reception staff

Author: Bess Smith
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was sceptical of another online system when notified of the blinx system. Having used it twice recently, once for my husband and then for myself I find it infinitely better than the 8am telephone scramble for an urgent appointment. My husband was given a same-day face-to-face appointment and prescribed effective treatment. I was offered a face-to-face appointment but didn't need it, as I knew antibiotics were the treatment I needed. I was able to go and collect them within half an hour of the Dr's phone call. I am very satisfied with this new system so far. Thank you

Author: Samantha Green
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic surgery and staff ! I completed a blinx form which was super easy to navigate and the same day I received a phone call and then an appointment that morning . The clinician I seen Tim was amazing he was thorough , he listened to me and was so easy to talk to … he is a credit to the practice . The follow week I received a call from the GP Dr Wellens who again was thorough and explained everything really well . I would definitely recommend this practice it’s amazing !
