Practice: OLD HALL SURGERY
Canonical code: N81117
Postcode: CH65 9AD
Google Maps title: Old Hall Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Old+Hall+Surgery/@53.2757763,-2.9064069,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ade733301700b:0xb30855ff23fe54b4!8m2!3d53.2757731!4d-2.9038266!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vd70w27?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81117-old-hall-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carrie Lloyd
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this practice for nearly 4 years now and everytime I have needed support or an appointment both the reception staff and the GP/ANPS have been really helpful and supportive. Dr Sanna was amazing when I had my chest infection making sure I was going to be ok getting home safe. The reception staff are always helpful and chase up queries promptly and reply back quickly as well with the answers. You all do an amazing job.

Author: Luke Elson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The website forces you to use Blinx Paco to get appointments. You can't use it to do this. It forces you to use Blinx Paco for an online consultation. You can't use it to do this. This surgery is so inaccessible that I think it would be best to avoid signing up to it as your GP if you can.

Author: Layla Brennan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely digusting place would not recommend, staff treat you like a pice of dirt was waking 30 mins for a prescription people have been and gone who was after me so asked how much longer woman said 5 more minutes and when I asked why she accused me off raising voice and stating having a go at em infant if everyone. Do not recommend go elsewhere

Author: Ian Moffatt
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute shambles refusing to treat a patiant if u dont do this new system. Desighned so they have even less contact with patiants. Used to be the best doctors in the port always cared about patiants. Discusting

Author: ThePolygone
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionist does a lot more for us thank you

Author: Joanne Choy
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been on a weekly script until last week when I went fortnightly to help care for my sick mother only to find that my prescription has been halved. I queried this and was told it was correct????? Now I have to see a doctor to sort ti's out, adding more stress to a stressful time. It's shocking how bad this place has become

Author: Andy Hawkins
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lost what little faith I had left with this awful practice and Doctor Goswami. I went to see the doctor on Monday (for the 3rd time in 3 months) to say my pains in my upper abdominal area are getting worse and more frequent. I also started having white stools and very dark urine both he dismissed as normal very quickly, he was not interested in what I had to say and after a quick touch on my stomach he said all is normal and to take more of my acid reflux medication. The following morning I was rushed to the countess of chester with severe abdominal pain again and after a proper examination and tests I was advised I have severe acute pancreatis and suspected gallstones. Following being admitted to the surgical ward I did have gallstones which was blocking my bile duct and I was turning yellow and that was the reason why my urine was dark and my stools were white. Luckily after surgery and a week in the countess I have had the stones removed and the pancreatis treated but unfortunately will be getting my gallbladder removed at a later date. I really don't know how a qualified doctor can get it so wrong and be so dismissive during our consultation just saying it's my acid reflux.

Author: Georgia Nolan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My dad, age 62, has been very ill and he went there in October 2024 for help/ treatment for them to put in his head that he might have cancer and needs to have different types of tests to determine this - fast forward to January 2025 and he still doesn’t have a diagnosis. I’m completely DISGUSTED. They shouldn’t be allowed to run this practice. I feel blessed that I moved away a few years ago and never have to return. Absolutely devastated that my dad was treated this way. If I could give it 0 stars I would.

Author: Sue Johnson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always have such a positive experience with the practice, receptionists are efficient/helpful & respectful. Drs are the same although never seem to see the same one twice, they are always professional and understanding

Author: Brenda Higginson
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
My sister Patricia McLeod is a patient here and the staff have been so helpful in getting the care she needs. Dr Sarangan is excellent and Sam has managed very quickly to get district nurses to manage her diabetes which is so reassuring. Thank you everyone.
