Practice: MEREPARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81111
Postcode: ST7 2LU
Google Maps title: Merepark Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.5
Google review count: 111
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Merepark+Medical+Centre/@53.0934135,-2.3036499,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487a5c68d5107ec1:0x17f2d898d96c471d!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a5c68d23f41ed:0x5bb13189f16e8628!8m2!3d53.0934103!4d-2.3010696!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfdc_7r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81111-merepark-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tina Holt
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately my mum was signed up to the surgery after moving to nursing home. They made an error whilst my mum was left in pain for 5/6 days due to what they describe as a glitch in there system, so that’s ok, I called for advice, received an arrogant Doctor, lacking listening skills, care, compassion, failed to acknowledge my mum was again left wishing her life could end, because of another error within the services. sadly this is a surgery having the privilege of caring for our elder, vulnerable terminally ill, in my experience they fail to ensure they actually know the patient, the decline, from direct contact, not 2nd or 3rd hand opinions instead of those that know the person well. the only way to call this out is to review to ensure others can make an informed decision. You need to do better, all your patients deserve better

Author: Jess Neal
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I went for my Pap smear test today - Maureen was so lovely and kind. She was so informative and put me at ease making me feel comfortable and also discussed what to expect after test results. She sat down and took the time to explain everything to me, which has never happened at my last two smear tests at another surgery. Her approach was friendly and reassuring. I hope every female gets to experience someone like Maureen at this somewhat daunting appointment. Thank you for today Maureen!

Author: Yvonne Hilton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since Covid this practice has gone down considerably in my opinion. Trying to get an appointment is harder than meeting the King. Your so called Health Care Professionals have a very uncaring attitude. They do not try to help at all. When asking for specific GPs the wait is generally 4 weeks or more, no emergency appointments which there used to be. Your receptionists don’t even offer appointments with an alternative GP. Ringing at 8 am in the morning is useless, by the time the phone is answered all appointments have gone. Once I was even told to go to a walk-in centre! Both myself & partner have terminal illnesses and only see a GP when necessary, but it is still virtually impossible to pre-book with anyone. According to recent information from the Government, we should be able to book appointments on-line but this surgery never has on-line appointments available with anyone on any date. Of all the times I have been in your waiting area over the last few years, there are rarely more than 2 or 3 other patients waiting to be seen, the number of waiting area chairs has been reduced by at least half. It’s as though you don’t want patients in the surgery at all. I’ve been with this surgery for almost 11years, it used to be somewhere I would recommend. No more. • Al Overview NHSH+4 The government has issued a mandatory instruction for all GP practices in England to offer online appointments. This change was implemented as a contractual requirement from October 1, 2025. • Key Requirements • Online Consultation Tools: GP surgeries are required to keep their online consultation tools open for the entire duration of core working hours (8am to 6:30pm, Monday to Friday). • Purpose: The tools should, at a minimum, allow patients to submit non-urgent appointment requests, medication queries, and administrative requests. • Choice: This online option is intended to complement, not replace, traditional methods of contact (phone and in-person visits), providing patients with more choice and convenience. • Goal: The aim of this instruction is to "end the 8am scramble" for appointments and ease pressure on phone lines, making it easier for patients to access care. • The change is part of a broader government plan to bring the NHS into the digital era, with nearly all GP practices (98.7%) now offering online access.

Author: Michael Garner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Attended today for small surgery operation. Dr Rhys and Marie were excellent. All explained clearly and cyst removed successfully. Thank you

Author: Svetlana Wardhaugh
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Feedback Regarding Prescription Change: Dear Merepark Medical centre team, I would like to raise a concern regarding my recent prescription for Hycosan Intense eye drops. My specialist prescribed this specific brand as part of my ongoing eye treatment. However, I was issued Xailin HA instead. I understand that the note in my letter allows for generic substitutions where appropriate, but in this case, I have used Hycosan Dual/Intense for over two years with good results and comfort. My eyes are very sensitive, and changes in formulation can cause irritation. I explained this during my visit, but my concerns were not taken seriously, and the discussion left me quite uncomfortable. I would appreciate it if my record could clearly state that Hycosan Intense is the brand I am to continue using, as advised by my eye specialist. Kind regards

Author: Sarah Payne
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dominique was kind and thoughtful to my 90 year old Mum giving us all the time in the world even though she must have overran for her next patient

Author: Suzanne Wilshaw
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very nice staff Always helpful Always pleasant

Author: Kath
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My Mum came in to have bloods taken and annual review We were greeted by Helen who was lovely with mum Mum is very difficult to take blood from Helen was brilliant and managed first time Overall we had a wonderful experience Helen went above and beyond with mum explaining everything

Author: James Morgan
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
It is with regret that I feel the need to write another adverse review against, what could be an excellent medical practice but simply isn't. It's bad enough not being able to see an actual GP, but then to be fobbed off with an phone appointment with the pharmacist to discuss my blood pressure medication is a joke. For the pharmacist to simply ignore my appointment and not bother call me on the arranged date/time is insulting and unprofessional. It was a GP who originally prescribed the medication, so seems only right that I see one again to discuss my current medication and the side effects ie BP falling far too low i.e 79/59 on occasions, and the nausea and headaches. Like the time I was ill for a week with eating uncooked prawns, and finally managing to attend the practice to be told to "come back tomorrow" after explaining how ill I'd been. I'm not impressed.

Author: sam
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Ringing back at 8am is not always possible when you work 7 days a week!
