Practice: WESTBROOK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81122
Postcode: WA5 8UF
Google Maps title: Westbrook Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Westbrook+Medical+Centre/@53.4084973,-2.6348417,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b03011358cc9b:0x783ac72d66ed8270!8m2!3d53.4084941!4d-2.6322614!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tplk862?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81122-westbrook-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kerry Dawbarn
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is terrible , the receptionist basically tried to call me a liar and say I was thick, she spoke to me like a child . Disgusting behaviour. I emailed my usual prescriptions over like I have been for years I gave it a wk to go and collect it, once again my prescription wasn’t at my chosen chemist !!! I rang to ask why? was spoken to like a child . I have the proof on my emails that I sent it . Because I answered her back she put the phone down on me. I guess you teach your staff how to speak to adults !!!

Author: Dorian Weller
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Never seem to get the help I need. I've been struggling with my mental health for most of my life and been in a pretty dire position for the past 3 years. I've been trying to get a consultation for BPD and every time I feel like I'm getting fobbed off and always told to either wait longer or they'll say there's no records of me previously being in. Aside from this, they also never seem to do any kind of follow-up work for other health issues I've experienced in the past.

Author: Olubukunola Ozimede
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Olubukunola OzimedeLocal Guide · 75 reviews · 17 photosa month ago

Author: pooneh abhari
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor and not caring service.

Author: Alison Unsworth
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everyone is really helpful..and all do their absolute best at this surgery. Thanks

Author: REBECCA CANNON
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been a patient at this practice for over 18 years and have always received good care in the past, but sadly things have really declined recently. I’ve been dealing with an ongoing heart issue and, despite a strong family history of heart disease, there has been no proper follow-up, medication review, tests, or blood pressure monitoring. The ECG machine has been broken multiple times this year - meaning every ECG appointment I make is cancelled, so they’ve been unable to provide essential checks. Even worse, patients aren’t being referred elsewhere when this happens, despite NHS guidelines clearly stating they should be. The reception staff are often rude and unhelpful, and it feels as though messages and emails never reach the GPs or practice manager. After nearly two decades as a patient, I’m extremely disappointed by how poor the care and communication have become. I’ve now had to go private just to get a simple ECG, diagnostic tests, and a treatment plan. Westbrook Medical Centre, you should be ashamed of the level of care provided regarding this issue — first reported back in January 2025.

Author: Mohammed Amin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If less than 1 star was possible to be given, it would surely be the case. Reception staff arrogant and are fully trained medical staff according to themselves. Practice is empty yet no appointments for 4 weeks.

Author: Ryan Marshall
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Did an E Consult at 8am 6 working days ago on Monday, then an urgent form since no reply at all, 4 working days ago on Wednesday. Still not had a single form of communication from them. Totally at a loss at what to do. Resent another e consult today. Will be looking to complain somehow this isn't right, we all pay our taxes here.

Author: Helen Foster
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery not helpful at all. Patient desperate for help was fobbed of . When eventually got a call of doctor no help was rushed of phone , she said you only have ten minutes ! I asked her to read my notes and asked for blood tests she said call again to make appointment ! This is now three times been asking for help!

Author: Roger Mason
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking waiting times 30-40 minutes each time I call and apppears receptionists are now trained gp assessors. The surgery needs more doctors for volume of patients and more receptionists to support it’s clearly over capacity and frustrating patients like myself. There is no community doctor feeling one bit in this surgery. For all the good work the doctors do when finally seen is hindered by all the smoke and politics prior.
