Practice: LACHE HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: N81115
Postcode: CH4 8HX
Google Maps title: Lache Health Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lache+Health+Centre/@53.1736568,-2.9162323,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ac2d73b309a67:0xfab2f893ac7b73b8!8m2!3d53.1736536!4d-2.913652!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdzqnxy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81115-lache-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emma Lauren Barry
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Emma Lauren BarryLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 2 photosa month ago

Author: Chris Samuels
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Chris SamuelsLocal Guide · 132 reviews · 14 photosa month ago

Author: Ell Brown
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So far this is the worst doctors I’ve ever been registered with, Dr Wright is dishonest and Dr Khaine has no compassion or empathy for her patients, she also needs training on human rights, bedside manner and DNR’s when the patient is asking for it. I’ve seen Dr Khaine 3 times and so far she’s done nothing to help me, she’s told me she’s doing lots of things and then I get to the next appointment to find she was mouthing off and never had any intention of making the referrals or booking the blood tests she had told me she was booking. She is also incapable of prescribing properly she added the wrong meds to my repeat list not once but twice…the same thing as well!!! As far as I’m concerned this surgery is a waste of time and will likely kill people. This surgery also refuses to keep accurate up to date medical records, I have proof of this and am reporting them to GDPR and the NHS, and the health board. As for Dr Wright, she literally lied in her response to my complaint but of course it’s her word over mine, I asked her for a DNR something you can have even if your not sick, the doctors only refusal option is mental competency and having you committed, she refused, when I complained she lied about the whole appointment, despite the fact it’s my word against hers I will be making formal complaints to the GMC about her dishonesty. Update: I’ve now been removed from their surgery list by the practice manager Lena Sperber for posting this review, I was given an ultimatum of remove the review or get kicked off, apparently expecting at least an apology for their misgivings is blackmail! She’s cited patient doctor relationship breakdown which isn’t true because I’ve seen and spoken to my registered doctor, Dr Anderson (absolutely lovely lady who will always try to help you) since then and she knew nothing about it and is going out of her way to help me move elsewhere. I guess I’ll be writing another complaint to the NHS directly including the evidence that goes with this.

Author: Jairo Stoco
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jairo StocoLocal Guide · 14 reviews · 2 photos3 months ago

Author: Harriet Hadebe
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Harriet Hadebe2 reviews3 months ago

Author: beverley reid
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I had an appointment at the surgery today. I checked in 20 minutes early still waiting 25 minutes after my appointment time I went to the reception and recognised friend who works there, who said we have D next to your name, did not attend . I said I have been here now for 20 minutes before my appointment time, another receptionist said you didn’t check in. I said I did check in, unfortunately you can’t be seen now you’ll have to rearrange your appointment. It was as if it was my fault, no apology, an absolute waste of their time of my time. If the system doesn’t work why doesn’t the receptionist check you in? Update, I am still trying to get this appointment. It has been cancelled, once without my knowledge so I attended the surgery 3 more times!! Here’s to this month’s appointment not being cancelled. Let’s hope all is well with me 🤞

Author: Fiona Watson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cannot fault this surgery, I have always received excellent service from receptionist, nurses and Doctors, even the call back service. Well done Lache Medical Center

Author: Mechtild Macdonald
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best treatment I have ever had - thank you very much. I wish I could remember her name - I have not met her before… Thank you!

Author: Chike Charles
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well trained people

Author: Jay Dee
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just wanted to thank the receptionist that was on duty Thursday afternoon. Young Lady wearing glasses. Thank you for your kindness and understanding you are a credit to the surgery 😃 …
