Practice: WATERS EDGE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81642
Postcode: CW10 9BH
Google Maps title: Waters Edge Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Waters+Edge+Medical+Centre/@53.1923357,-2.4466229,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487a5801e57fc4bb:0x6bb5548cfdc529bd!8m2!3d53.1923325!4d-2.4440426!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bwn45264?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81642-waters-edge-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John Ollier
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service and the staff are great very helpful

Author: Tim Roberts
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Over the last few months I’ve been working with the surgery’s Social Prescriber, Shirley, whose assistance in helping me navigate the social care system to get my elderly father the help he needs has been fantastic. The care package is now falling into place with her help. In addition the help from the rest of the team in regards my father’s care has been faultless.

Author: Victoria thorley
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very kind, compassionate and efficiently run surgery .and the help and support I have had through Shirley Lewis their social prescriber has been exemplary.

Author: Dan and Becca
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting behaviour from a receptionist who has refused my partner medical care. She has no medical qualifications; however, she is preventing healthcare for my vulnerable partner. The GP we see Anna is great, and the ANP, Physio etc have all been great. In general, the reception has caused no issues, but one member, who funnily enough, refused to give her name and refused to get the office manager after 2 separate occasions, causing issues. Her excuse this time was "no consent", I have been booking everything within the Mid-Cheshire Hospital's specialist department, pharmacy and GP for nearly 18 months, when consent was given... including a major disease pathology and diagnosis. You don't need to give consent to book an appointment.. you need consent to have the vaccine. The individual who has caused another problem and randomly started saying "she won't tolerate abuse", the same little lie she used in January. Refused to give her name and "I'm ending the call". This is the stereotype of someone who is a receptionist at a GP surgery and thinks she's made it, while getting a power trip over refusing vulnerable people access to actual medical professionals. YOU ARE THERE TO HELP! NOT TO ACT LIKE YOU ARE GOD! Again, the GP we see, Nurses and Physio have all been really helpful and the reception in general is really helpful, Julie helps us all the time and others- but what use is that if you're playing Russian roulette with people on reception: 5 Star service, unless you draw the dud- then you get left to become dangerously ill because of her lies, behavior and sadistic power games.

Author: Adele Cavana
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely dreadful service. The two ladies on reception 26/09 are so rude, dismissive and entitled. I arrived for my appointment and it wasn't on the system?! I understand mistakes happen, however, there was no apology for the inconvenience of the error. Just acted as though it was my fault. Zero customer service skills! It doesn't take much to smile and apologise. These ladies are not representing the surgery in a positive light. The surgery always receives negative comments on the Middlewich Facebook pages and when speaking with residents.I feel training in customer service is required for these ladies. This would certainly be a good start.

Author: Jennie Bebbington
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family and I recently relocated, and after a short shrift with a dreadful surgery and pharmacy, we decided to try Waters Edge. Wow!! What a difference. It's quire a small medical centre, with a personal flare. All the staff throughout have been welcoming, friendly, helpful and have even started to recognise us in a short time. I rarely give a 5* rating, as there is always room for improvement, but I haven't found any yet. Highly recommended 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟

Author: Sheila Lynas
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best help and so friendly, thank you

Author: Sarah McCLean
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Whenever and whoever I speak to at the surgery is always so friendly, helpful and accommodating. Thank you

Author: Richard Selman
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The service from the GPS are fantastic the only downside is the receptionist staff... I feel they are very "stuck in their ways" quite rude and abrupt even in the waiting room to other members of the public over the phone they are very unassertive to people. If they learned manners and communication skills this surgery would be at the top unfortunately it's the staff people see first which let this place down. Customer service training is a definite need. Its such a shame.

Author: tracy warner
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic help and caring staff
