Practice: STRETTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N81623
Postcode: WA4 4NE
Google Maps title: Stretton Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stretton+Medical+Centre/@53.3395488,-2.5795612,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487afdc1125dd4e1:0xd25641f90304d1c7!8m2!3d53.3395456!4d-2.5769809!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc7cytht?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N81623-stretton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Holly Knight-Parfitt
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
AVOID!!!! I felt it was important to leave a review following my experience with this practice and the way a formal complaint was handled. I initially attended with a clear description of my symptoms and concerns, but I was not properly examined and my concerns were repeatedly dismissed. Despite explaining from the outset what I believed was wrong, I was dismissed on multiple occasions for around a month without appropriate investigation or treatment. When I tried to challenge this, I was told I should simply trust what the GP had said. My condition deteriorated during that time and I ended up being hospitalised and requiring surgery a month later. I was told it had become extremely serious and could have progressed to sepsis, despite only a few days prior the GP saying there was nothing wrong with me, despite not even examining me to see how badly my condition had deteriorated. After raising serious concerns about the care I received, the response I was given was that the GP involved had reviewed their own actions and concluded that nothing was done incorrectly. This does not constitute an independent or impartial review, and it left me with very little confidence in the practice’s complaints process. Having read other reviews and speaking to other patients of the practise, this is clearly a repeated behaviour by the GP/GPs that work there (of which there are only 2). Do not join this practise. Categorically.

Author: Lionel Gallimore
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
No advance appointment option? makes it impossible to see a doctor face to face, diabolical receptionist /appointment booking system that expects you to take time off work on the "off chance" you may get lucky and get a same day appointment , ridiculous.

Author: Linda Kennedy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible told me I had a urine infection gave me antibiotics it was septics I was in intensive care for 5 weeks family was told I wouldn’t survive although I have now thanks to the care I received don’t trust them they all so have a surgery at Dudlow Green!!

Author: Matt Hillier
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Mixed feelings overall. The doctor wouldn't prescribe a particular ezcema cream without an assessment as I hadn't needed any for many years. Despite the fact during my last appointment I said "I go private or abroad because, even with an NHS prescription the same creams are cheaper elsewhere" The GP responded "me too, I get all medications from India". This is not really a fault with the GP practice, it is more the NHS prescribing system at large. But they should have had notes that I had been managing conditions privately. The usual GP woes: trying to get an appointment in the first place is near impossible. At 8am expect a queue of 40 callers to be ahead of you. When you get through all the appointments are taken. Try again tomorrow. But overall, when you do get an appointment, it is usually a perfectly fine experience.

Author: Joanne Hewson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent doctors that always go above and beyond to care for patients.

Author: Lauren Turner
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lauren Turner1 reviewa year ago

Author: Sally-Anne Bedford
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always been able to get an appointment and the prescription service efficient. They are also timely and proactive with well woman investigations and processes.

Author: Rawi A
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had a great experience here. Every time I’ve called up at 8am to speak to a doctor/nurse I’ve been able to get at least a phone appointment on the same day

Author: Paula Gilly
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible surgery. Doctor was extremely arrogant and patronising. Failed to identify cause of my ongoing symptoms and even asked me if my symptoms were psychological- absolute joke. I was later diagnosed with 2x separate physical illnesses (NOT mental) which I need medication for life. They also failed to act appropriately re: symptoms my elderly relative was experiencing. We encouraged him to go private for a 2nd opinion and they sent him straight to A&E. He spent several days in hospital receiving treatment for blood clots (in his lungs and arm). We’ve both lodged complaints. Not happy with their response to mine. We have both changed GPs. I’m more than happy with my new GP. I’d avoid Stretton MC at all costs.

Author: aseel mehdi
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
aseel mehdi1 review3 years ago
