Practice: WEST DERBY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82024
Postcode: L12 8TQ
Google Maps title: West Derby Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 165
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Derby+Medical+Centre/@53.4313251,-2.8994847,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b21e2ce7f4645:0x4093e26a19b7b733!8m2!3d53.4313219!4d-2.8969044!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bzs_y758?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82024-west-derby-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Fiona W
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I do not recommend this surgery - I have had to chase up serious health problems whilst being treated with underhanded hostility and dismissal. If you are suffering you are treated like a nuisance and it is so disheartening. And still my medical issues are unaddressed and there is no care or support from these doctors. I am looking to join another surgery after being with this doctors all my life - it was such a kinder place when Dr Eccles ran the surgery - now the doctors do not even try to hide their contempt and suspicion of their patients. Current partners of this surgery treat healthcare like a business model and the doctors they are hiring reflect this cold, one in one out attitude - there is no warmth or compassion in the experiences I have had with doctors recently - as a neurodivergent woman i am disgusted this practice has a neurodivergent friendly accreditation - the doctors adopt an archaic, deferential approach in which they will tell you the healthcare you will receive rather than the modern, collaborative, compassionate approach adopted in quality healthcare facilities in the 21st century. The doctors will not treat you in the context of your neurodivergence and will instead force treatments only suitable for neurotypical brains - even if presented with guidelines and evidence based research showing their medical advice is outdated and such treatments not effective for neurodiverse population - their solution is: ‘tough’. The doctors are archaic and bizarre. There is a lack of cohesion at this surgery - doctors seem so uninterested they do not even read notes and so time is wasted repeating the same issues to different doctors, sometimes on the same day and still no follow up for medical issues are ever given. For me personally, it feels like negligence and though I have complained to the practice manager it took PALS and other third parties to intervene for any response and now another cycle of negligence and lack of care is repeating, I realise its time for me to leave. Dealing with this surgery adds to my stress and triggers my ptsd. You tell them people you love have died they quickly quip ‘sorry for your loss, anyway’ the doctors’ lack of interest and care, borders on inhumane. I am thankful for some of the kind receptionists here but feel so sorry for them - working for such cold, unkind, target driven partners they must have to bear the brunt of the terrible service patients are receiving here right now. There is a strong feeling of contempt these partners and doctors seem to hold against the local working class community they are here to support - they seem disgusted with their own patients - and suspicious of them - at the moment there is a bizarre system in place in which junior doctors consult the almighty powerful wizards of oz aka the partners for anything and everything - then ‘computer says no’ - the wizard of oz and his minions. This system is very revealing of the hierarchical culture of this place in which patients, doctors and partners are treated like islands standing alone - it feels childish, power hungry and outdated and I personally will have nothing more to do with this surgery - such practices will not survive in 2026 as they are resistant to progressive healthcare and clinical practice, and people will not stand for hostile organisations anymore.

Author: Mark Rice
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've never known a surgery this useless.

Author: A H
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service from all the staff

Author: Carl Lake
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to say a heartfelt thank you to Dr. Sachin Sharma, who is a real asset to the surgery. He was extremely thorough and took the time to properly go through my notes and history. During the appointment I received an unexpected call from urology; Dr. Sharma told me to take the call and reassured me that he would ring me back afterwards — and he did, exactly as promised. We had a genuinely good, reassuring conversation, and he put a clear and sensible plan in place. He also showed real understanding of the anxiety I’m feeling ahead of my urology appointment tomorrow, which meant a great deal to me. I left the appointment feeling listened to, supported, and far more at ease. Thank you, Dr. Sharma, from the bottom of my heart.

Author: Phil Price
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service from Laura, she assisted me to use the website and seemed happy to help, thanks

Author: Eileen Davies
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute disgrace , they cannot process a simple prescription despite hospital Dr sending urgent letters twice to them I'm still waiting for my prescription a week later,I was told to ring 111 as I will run out of tablets tomorrow the surgery was empty each time ive been in

Author: Graham Dawson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I placed a repeat scrip request on Monday 3/11/25 for 13 items , and made a note in my diary . Thursday 6/11/25 I attended my designated Pharmacy only nine of items were available, my Pharmacist informed me that was all that came through on the system , and I should attend at my GP practice to re-order missing items , on talking to receptionist at GP I was offered no explain only a daft question do you need these items my reply was “ yes that’s why I requested them “ Oh right I will deal with it 72 hours it takes I was told . Surly it’s not rocket science to get my prescription request correct in the first place , totally annoying to be messed about , without a care in the world.

Author: Andrea Edmondson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I understand the frustration at securing any form of clinical consultation, as I have experienced this myself. However, I had a very positive experience today on speaking with Wesley Mitchell, Senior Pharmacist at the practice. Unfortunately, I had a very long wait for this medication review - 2 months from prompting to booking - but he was very thorough, polite and professional. I see that patients have mentioned 'greed' as criteria in patient lists. As I understand it, NHS trusts are obligated to accept patients under postcode areas. Some are inundated and completed flooded with patient numbers. Speak to your MP.

Author: Jay Mc
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called into the surgery on Monday 6th October around 4.30. My mum hadnt been too well and on explaining this to the receptionist, she advised that mum could be seen within the hour by one of available Drs. Apologies I didn’t catch receptionist’s name but she listened and made an informed decision. I appreciate staff at WDMC are constantly under pressure and patients struggle for appts, however just wanted to acknowledge the common sense approach and professionalism demonstrated by reception on this occasion.

Author: Warren Carter
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been removed from here had police called for nothing then the new lad or girl or whatever it was made a homophonic lie about me and was very patronising all because I needed my beds that did not get ordered due to the same person not doing so, at the time i also had the pharmacy next door be my witness that i done nothing wrong but they listened to the foul creature behind the desk glass window very disgusting staff they employ it should have a - 0-10 review because i would like to give it a -10 score its very bad and needs investigating this was my most convenient health centre as I am severely disabled and ever since this im left in pain no health center will see me because of the nasty person's report , im a very nice non argumentative person and now I have issues every week getting my meds as they are controlled and 111 have issues finding me a doctor to prescribe me them because 111 doesn't have controlled drugs to prescribe .
