Practice: LANGBANK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82019
Postcode: L11 1AD
Google Maps title: Langbank Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Langbank+Medical+Centre/@53.4408085,-2.9284814,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b218a7083a329:0xe6f6a834b96808ee!8m2!3d53.4408053!4d-2.9259011!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdp94q_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82019-langbank-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tina Jones
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m appalled by this triage system, I’m not able to access it to get an appointment for a chest infection which has the potential to become pneumonia as it’s been the case in my past history, complete joke…… update: I have now had to leave this medical centre sadly after 32 years. I found some of my calls being met with impatient strangers who had only recently joined the staff, Deb I don’t mean you my lovely you like myself have been there longer than these new doctors have actually been doctors, I thought dr muragesh was going to shake things up a bit but I wasn’t expecting this, I’m so happy with my new surgery, they’re very patient and helpful. I hope this update helps other people before they make a mistake to join them

Author: Yvonne Bennett
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
The new online system is NOT WORKING FOR ME. Today I feel poorly. Terrible headache' sweating and I feel sick. Ive tried to find the process and it's not working..this is while I feel ill. Appalling to expect patients who generally need to see a Gp to go through this... I have tried for weeks to get an appointment... Dr muregesh you need to re'consider this new online system... I have called the surgery many times.... to be told to go online...Well online isn't working for me.

Author: Alan
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Langbank Medical Centre for several years and have consistently experienced a high standard of care. The team is professional, compassionate, and always willing to go the extra mile to support both my needs and those of my family. Whenever we have health concerns, the staff respond promptly and with genuine understanding, taking the time to address any questions or worries thoroughly. I would particularly like to recognise Robyn, the Care Coordinator, who recently went above and beyond in assisting with a health concern regarding my daughter. She ensured an appointment was arranged quickly and provided much-needed reassurance during a stressful time. Dr Murugesh is exceptional. He takes the time to listen carefully and truly understands his patients’ needs. He embodies the qualities of a traditional family GP, building meaningful relationships, rapport and knowing his patients and their families personally. Thank you to the entire team at Langbank Medical Centre for your continued care and support.

Author: Paula Lawson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
This new system of booking appointments on line isn’t working, it won’t let me get past “ which service I want “. I’ve ended up going to walk in centre with pain in my back ( when I had pain in my back 3 years ago it turned out to be cancer) so I’m extremely worried. The walk in centre couldn’t do anything either and said I’d be better seeing my doctor 😢. At this rate I might end up in A+E if I can’t get through to doctors soon. 🤔

Author: Linda Ellis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since Dr Patel left, Dr Mugaresh has gone above board to improving the surgery. Personally, I have found All staff to be excellent & caring. At least you don't have to tell your Dr you will be ill in 4 weeks , you can get a appointment daily.l I class myself having such a compassionate Dr's surger. Thank you

Author: Charlene Carvill
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
friendly staff

Author: Don Keys
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service, and caring kind compassion, from most of the staff here. Especially DEBBIE, the only one, whom my mum, after being at this practice for 74 years.....🫡 trusts and like myself, has confidence in, to, listen and action whatever mum , myself, or the Hospice nurses have have advised or had queries about. Big shout out to DEBBIE, and thanks for doing what sometimes the other staff ( sic : generalising ) Can't, won't or just don't do. Thank you Debbie. 💯👌

Author: eva ginova
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
eva ginova7 months ago

Author: Marty Russell
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since Dr Patel retired a few years ago, the GPs here haven't been great, sadly. The admin staff and nurses are awesome and ALWAYS spot on and, if I could deal with them only, I'd be perfectly happy with the place. The single star rating is for the admin and nurse staff, and I want it to represent a full 5 stars for them.

Author: Derek Unsworth
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I hear lots of complaints about the NHS and GPs. I have had only good experiences with this practice. I go online to make appointments and normally get an appointment within a day or two.The staff, both medical and admin are great. You get seen to within a very short time,very little waiting. Very happy here.
