Practice: MATHER AVENUE SURGERY
Canonical code: N82035
Postcode: L19 4UG
Google Maps title: Mather Avenue Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 59
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Mather+Avenue+Surgery/@53.3644684,-2.8939706,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b200341405bf1:0x32ce85d83095f4ab!8m2!3d53.3644652!4d-2.8913903!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgw9fwf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82035-mather-avenue-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: DollyAnn333
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the accessibility and care provided by this surgery. Both my daughter and I have diagnosed ADHD and Autism, and the new online triage appointment system has created significant barriers to accessing care. Patients are required to complete an online form before any appointment can be considered, which is very difficult for people with neurodevelopmental conditions that affect executive functioning. I attempted to request an appointment for my daughter with a female GP. Instead, she was redirected to a pharmacy consultation and has now been waiting several days without any contact from the pharmacy. We have tried repeatedly to call the pharmacy ourselves, but the line is constantly engaged. As a result, she still has no appointment and no care. In addition to this, I recently underwent breast cancer surgery and sent the practice important clinical updates and abnormal laboratory results that required GP review. Rather than acknowledging the medical information, the response I received was simply a template instructing me to use the online form again. The issue is not just the form itself. The system introduces multiple steps, delays, and redirections that make it extremely difficult for neurodivergent patients to access timely care. For patients with Autism and ADHD, continuity, clarity, and direct access to a clinician are extremely important. Healthcare services have a duty to consider reasonable adjustments for disabled patients. Unfortunately, the current system appears to prioritise administrative processes over accessibility and patient care. I hope the practice reviews how these systems affect disabled and vulnerable patients, because at present the experience has been frustrating, stressful, and ultimately has delayed access to care.

Author: anonymous
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Where do I start with this surgery worse surgery going at this moment in time - can hardly get a gp appointment can hardly get my prescription on time - yesterday was invited in for a face to face in the afternoon by a dr first of all when i came in the door there was 2 older lady’s chatting away when the phones was ringing and talking about there personal life - ignoring the phones no wonder we can never get through - number 32 in the calls when ringing at 8am - i am not one to moan and did like this surgery but going forward after the new year i will be looking to move surgery as the staff are very rude not just the 2 lady’s even the secretary’s

Author: Amy T
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had my prescription for a week and still not done!!!! Keep phoning and receptionist says she speak to doctor to do it,I’m just being ignored,now I have no medication I’m supposed to take daily,joke!!!!!!

Author: Aya Ali
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst receptionist ever seen She speak to you like dirt and look at you the same way when you ask basic questions. And before u ask, we don't have any appointments. No repeated prescription is prescribed as you didn't request it for a year , it is just antihistamine So every time I need to wait to see the Dr after a month just to ask for antihistamine, my child doesn't sleep due to itching . Every time I ask for a referral for allergy department, they don't even bother to refer my other baby And she even if you call don't ket you ask ,she just says anything after Christmas and it is still the beginning of December. If you don't want to work leave

Author: Tina Thomas
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always find the receptionists very pleasant and very cooperative. Doctor Nosib and Dr. Tang have been most helpful. Both are very caring and professional. I cite these two doctors as these are the two with whom I have dealt.

Author: Karen Howgate
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had a recent experience with this practice and would like to send an official complaint letter to address this professionally, however there is no email or way to contact them other than by phone :(

Author: paul taylor
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could I would give no stars. The way I was spoken to by the doctor when "she" called me back was an absolute disgrace, a real attitude problem. I have been suffering with a possible water infection for a few weeks now and have been unable to get much sleep, so for the doctor to speak with such an attitude problem is totally unacceptable.

Author: Victoria H
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All staff here and at the reception are brilliant. Louie is so helpful and friendly! I think it’s hard anywhere you go nowadays to get an app straight away. So I was very lucky to be seen an hour after I called this morning. If they can help then they will.

Author: David
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Let down by the awful phone service and call navigators.

Author: Ellie G
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient at this practice for more than 40 years. In the past it was an excellent surgery to be registered with, with efficient staff and approachable, knowlegeable doctors and nurses. Over the last few years it has declined into a shambles. The "Care Navigators" are rude, inefficient, condescending and not above bending the truth. and it is almost impossible to get to see a doctor quickly. I shall be changing to another surgery very soon.
