Practice: WALTON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82048
Postcode: L9 1AD
Google Maps title: Walton Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Walton+Medical+Centre/@53.4478992,-2.9724868,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWALTON+MEDICAL+CENTRE+L9+1AD!3m8!1s0x487b23db0f20b10b:0x60b9d6aa0950a1aa!8m2!3d53.4478992!4d-2.9677232!9m1!1b1!15sChxXQUxUT04gTUVESUNBTCBDRU5UUkUgTDkgMUFEkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1pwfwf1xv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82048-walton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Zivile Dragunaite
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I been refered to pharmasist though they can not prescribe the medication i needed.Without getting help again returned to my GP once more time explaining the issue .Filled form on triage ,sadly did not get any response from it. It was that medication been prescribed to me and i did not know it,in this way my treatment was delayed. Not able get appointment face to face ,just 'brushed off'.

Author: Sharon Brannigan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Sharon Brannigan5 months ago

Author: Jason Gibb
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jason Gibb6 months ago

Author: My Scouse Mali
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting service and completely useless online rubbish run by a private company. Had a uti for months and cannot get an appointment. When you try to use the online rubbish there is no option.m for an appointment! What do their gp's actually do now?!! No choice but to change surgery again!!

Author: Katelyn Schofield
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This new online thing is horrible even trying to get an appointment in the morning is impossible and I’m 100% sure that because people can’t get appointments there are less people going in the Gp so I know there’s more appointments less busy etc tell me why now I’ve managed to get three to the appointment but and they have rung me up to tell me I have to wait 2 weeks for an appointment this gp is horrible the staff the docters don’t listen to your concerns and brush it off due to my age worst gP I’ve ever been with think how many elderly folks that need appointments and can’t do it shame on them this is clearly not working

Author: Melissa Kimg
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Terrible system, went to ask for an appointment for my 84 year only Nana, women in reception was no help whatsoever and just give me a piece of paper and said go book online. My Nana is 84 and cannot go on line and just wanted to make a regular appointment. Not all people can book online and they should make exceptions for this. Absolutely ridiculous.

Author: Pamela Cowley
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Pamela Cowley9 months ago

Author: Sarah Groom
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Refused to see a 4 year old with symptoms of ear nose and throat infection, told to see pharmacist instead who can prescribe antibiotics. Not acceptable for a patient who is unable to verbalise their own symptoms due to age. Especially when antibiotic resistance is such a problem for the NHS

Author: Pablo Evencio Lubiana (PE-17)
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to give Zero stars, terrible receptionist service. The employee simply looks at her with a mocking face when asked for help as a patient and this is unacceptable because she is well paid for this. I clearly realized from my situation and that of other people how it is even more difficult for immigrants to be treated with dignity. I don't usually do assessments of this type, but the situation is really precarious in that reception building and they really need training to learn to respect people based on their professional positions. I've been trying to schedule an appointment with the doctor for over 24 hours and I still haven't been successful due to the bureaucracy of online forms, which instead of helping, make the situation even more difficult while receptionists shirk their own responsibilities. I hope this feedback reaches the person in charge and that they seek improvements for the population, who go to GPs because they really need help. Day and Time: 22/05/2025 13:50 pm.

Author: Terry Zeverona
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience with the new Dr's has been nothing short of exemplary. I think the phone calls first allows the queue to move more swiftly and cuts down on face to face appointments for simple fixes such as repeat prescriptions and basic queries, which allows for the more seriously ill people to be seen more effectively and efficiently...within two days I had all of my issues resolved and a plan put into progress, which has left me feeling confident that my issues where heard and cared about precisely and professionally...I don't want to mention the Dr by name, because that may embarrass them or it may mean the queue to see them will grow exponentially and good Dr's are a godsend in times of crisis or just when you require reassurance that you've been seen and heard. They know who they are, and they have my sincerest thanks for all they've done over the last two days...Wonderful...truly appreciated.
