Practice: THE GREY ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: N82097
Postcode: L9 1AD
Google Maps title: The Grey Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 71
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Grey+Road+Surgery/@53.4478742,-2.9703144,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b23dba1e124ef:0x9380e15f6a635330!8m2!3d53.447871!4d-2.9677341!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc18hjvt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82097-the-grey-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Angela Mcfeely
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I can’t fault the doctors and nurses at this surgery but the reception staff and admin manager put the NHS to shame. Somebody on a previous review feels the same , their attitude is diabolical, they are supposed to work in a caring environment and be helpful. They shirk their responsibilities to book appointments and talk down to you if you can’t do it online. The receptionist called Cheryl was so condescending. I feel sorry for the elderly who can’t access online, they will probably suffer in silence but I won’t. The manager rang up to “school me” on how they reacted to Cheryl’s condescending and degrading behaviour and was so unprofessional, she even shortened my name in a very unprofessional manner. This is not the first time I have had problems with the reception. They totally let the surgery down and as first port of call should treat people with respect.

Author: Dony Twyer
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible Now left without medication, stressed, and on withdrawals One exploded at me The small one tried luring me into another argument but I recorded it Called a liar Not given answers to my questions Stay away — they don't care one bit!

Author: Anita Richardson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've shared some reviews in the past that were negative about this surgery but I must say they've improved so much. It's So refreshing. People who SHOULD BE PRIORITIZED are done and those that aren't who complain constantly are NOT. Such a refreshing change from people who think " queue jumping" is wrong UNLESS it concerns them and their families. The reception staff have always been polite , even when I've been frustrated, they are in my eyes top notch. I've been referred for a HIp op which cripples my movements and the pain is unbearable. I'm always treated with respect. Don't listen to the people who want to queue jump . I love this surgery , move if you don't, they are extremely busy practice and are doing so well under extreme strain.

Author: Carol Owen
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
5* for Kelly the receptionist i was having difficulty booking appointment with doctor via website after calling the surgery 3 times on the bounce and speaking to Kelly she navigated through the app question by question and I got an appointment for the next day, I feel she went above & beyond.

Author: Scarlett Harries
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist was really rude and antagonistic, not understanding at all and just blaming me without listening to what I had to say. She had an attitude which wasn't warrented if she had listened (which she didn't)

Author: Pablo Evencio Lubiana (PE-17)
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would like to give Zero stars, terrible receptionist service. The employee simply looks at her with a mocking face when asked for help as a patient and this is unacceptable because she is well paid for this. I clearly realized from my situation and that of other people how it is even more difficult for immigrants to be treated with dignity. I don't usually do assessments of this type, but the situation is really precarious in that reception building and they really need training to learn to respect people based on their professional positions. I've been trying to schedule an appointment with the doctor for over 24 hours and I still haven't been successful due to the bureaucracy of online forms, which instead of helping, make the situation even more difficult while receptionists shirk their own responsibilities. I hope this feedback reaches the person in charge and that they seek improvements for the population, who go to GPs because they really need help. Day and Time: 23/05/2025 10:10am.

Author: Nisi Ashton
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, fab Gps and nurses. I've never had an issue getting and appointment, the receptionist will triage you when you get through but that's so the Dr knows how time sensitive the call is so she can prioritise your callback, I'm not sure why people can't grasp this as it's common sense. This is standing practice at all surgeries so give them a break. They give amazing care and make sure you get the help you need. If I could give 11/10 I would ,outstanding GPS.

Author: O TS
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
had appt yesterday, prescribes antibiotics said I can go chemist straight away to get them before bank holiday weekend. Chemist hadn’t received yesterday, went back today still haven’t been sent over. Therefore had to call 111 and I am now waiting for an out of hours GP appointment just for some antibiotics as I can’t wait til Tuesday. If the Dr had done their job properly in the first place I wouldn’t have to be running round trying to get my prescription or another appointment whilst I’m ill.

Author: kloe edwards
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Find it easy enough to get an appointment reception staff very helpful and everyone I’ve spoken to or seen have been professional and kind

Author: Vũ Song
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Vũ Songa year ago
