Practice: ELLERGREEN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82018
Postcode: L11 2YA
Google Maps title: Ellergreen Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 154
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ellergreen+Medical+Centre/@53.4454176,-2.9219262,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487b221f18b7dd0f:0xeaaeb08e18692b17!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b221f1f844e33:0x15c51f7b0b42bb97!8m2!3d53.4454144!4d-2.9193459!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tghp3r8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82018-ellergreen-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sian Carson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Poor experience. Most of the time I just accept it for what it is - modern day NHS…but it gets draining.. Standard of practice is poor. I completed a PATCHS online for my daughter as this is the ‘suggested route’. To be told on completion I would be contacted in 72 hours. Fast forward to now I’ve been waiting over a week with no contact. I attended the practice to enquire about the process of appointment on Monday to be told the practice manager would call me back. To call again today and be told I had missed an appointment for said ailment - which was incorrect, it was actually a cancelled vaccination appointment. Then to be told I hadn’t sent images across, when I in fact have, not once but twice. To it now transpiring that it’s in with the GP and that’s alls they can say. Which is convenient as I’d gone from missing an appointment(which never was for the issue), to myself ‘not sending across images in time’, to then it now being with the doctor. When you can get in to see a GP they’re great, Unsure if this is a PATCHS or receptionist/admin training issue but it’s not great practice and long gone are the days someone, namely a receptionist can just have a transparent conversation and tell me it hasn’t been picked up. I honestly wouldn’t have been sat here writing this review.

Author: Kieran
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best service and very helpful doctors and receptionist always listen to my problems and issues ,specially with what I have goin on with myself , never been turned down. always had appointments the same day even if it's a phone call from my doctor resolving my issues, medications all sorted , hospital transfers done same day , bloods , xrays etc, all the doctors and receptionist work really hard and make sure all my problems are all solved in a respective and polite manner and as soon as possible. Keep up the good work. glad to have ellergreen as my doctors, been registered here since i was born in 1991 😄 wouldn't go else where ever , thanks kieran.

Author: Stephen Tough
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Stephen Tougha month ago

Author: Szilvia Bárdi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
"I initially felt hesitant to register here due to negative online reviews, but after visiting with a friend, I decided to give them a chance. I am so glad I did. As someone with a pre-existing condition, I felt dismissed by my specialist team at the Royal Hospital regarding new symptoms. However, the doctor here took my concerns seriously, arranged an ultrasound immediately, and is continuing to investigate the root cause. I finally feel heard and understood. The nursing staff are also exceptional; they were gentle and patient during a screening that I previously found traumatic, helping me move past a bad experience. Additionally, the reception team is incredibly efficient. When I had an issue with my repeat prescription during the GP switch, the receptionist resolved it on the spot. Even for an injection, I was given a face-to-face appointment the very next morning after a phone consult. While I know others may have different experiences, mine has been nothing but positive. The staff are patient, supportive, and kind.

Author: lee walker
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Phoned in with an issue. Was called within half an hour and seen within 4 hours with a referral for further treatment/attention. Professional and efficient throughout with follow ups as treatment progressed to check on me. Dr McKenna is a credit to the practice.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to leave your feedback. I’ve passed your kind comments on to Dr McKenna and the rest of the team.

Author: Sam Wright
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give this practice zero stars I would. Absolutely shocking service. GP’s are terrible. The reception staff think they are doctors and refuse appointments. If you complain they kick you off the register. Don’t sign up to this practice, you won’t get the help you need.

Author: Beverley dunne
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst surgery I've ever came across Most unhelpful people ever make you feel like your a pest for bothering them , can't get an appointment,and change rules on your meds and aren't even doctors , some girls on the desk are so arrogant it's just shocking

Author: Deborah Staniford
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this doctors for years now and I can honestly say all the doctors I have seen have been very professional and helpful no problems with them at all now the receptionist is a totally different thing they are very unprofessional they think they are consultants of ver high standard and they are not they are only the receptionist and I think the way some of them talk to patients and snigger about them behind a door is totally disgusting how are we supposed to have trust in them and tell them are problems WE SHOULD NOT HAVE TO

Author: Nesrin Asci
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hello, I kindly request that you consider my review. We called to schedule an appointment at 9:56 AM for our 11-month-old son with a high fever, but we were told to come without an appointment. Upon arrival and explaining the situation to the receptionist, they stated that their rooms were full and they could not examine him. A baby with a 38-degree fever was arriving at your hospital, and despite our baby being registered here, they sent us elsewhere. After reading previous reviews and the experiences of other affected patients, I do not regret writing this review. I absolutely do not recommend this hospital. I advise the authorities to provide staff training and, most importantly, to remind them that those coming here are patients and their relatives. If they are inexperienced, I request that the relevant authorities dismiss them. Human health is not something to be jeopardized and left to inexperience. A baby with a high fever arrived at your hospital!!
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Whilst this review has been issued in public forum, we cannot respond with any specifics details due to patient confidentiality. There are elements of what has been said that are not consistent with how the practice operates and we feel the need to clarify certain points to avoid any confusion. We are not a hospital, we are a GP surgery. We do not operate a walk in policy for unwell patients. Like all GP surgeries everyone who needs to be seen must have an appointment booked as per our practice website. If a patient is unwell and we don’t have the capacity to see them in an appropriate timeframe they may be directed to other services such as a pharmacy, walk in centre or A&E. Should you wish to discuss any aspects of this review further we would be more than happy for you to contact the practice to make these arrangement. These case reviews would be done with full access to the relevant phone and medical records to help clarify events.

Author: brian fisher
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
brian fisherLocal Guide · 38 reviews · 45 photos4 months ago
