Practice: NETHERLEY HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: N82036
Postcode: L27 7AF
Google Maps title: Netherley Health Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Netherley+Health+Centre/@53.3882087,-2.8422823,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b1fb2714639a5:0x4391f8f809161e58!8m2!3d53.3882055!4d-2.839702!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg6pnht?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82036-netherley-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matty
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Never answers the phone so I can’t get my results

Author: Kay Jones
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting practice, rude staff, takes 2 wks to get through and different Dr each time you go. Needs shutting down.

Author: Maria Moore
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang at 8 a.m. waited on the phone for 20 minutes ended up with a callback only to be told yet again for the 3rd time running there’s no appointments. I asked how do you get an appointment then and was told I’m not arguing with you I told her I wasn’t arguing with her either. Told to consult with specialist. My issue wasn’t relative to them. The receptionist wasn’t interested and was quite dismissive and wanted to get me off the phone. I suggest she needs extra training on how to deal with patients. No wonder people are taking themselves to A&E or walk in. I have found the doctors to be fine when I have seen one which hasn’t been the case for a few years. Don’t waste your time here if you need a doctor.

Author: TigerXero
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely embarrassing doctor surgery. Feels like playing Pokémon GO every time you manage to get an appointment (IF you manage to get one) because there's a brand new doctor every single time. It's like "Oh, what level of incompetence will I deal with this time?", yet they all regurgitate the same helpless information while ignoring your concerns. Had to stare at the wall one time to avoid blowing up at one of the doctors here after they condescendingly talked down to me when I was trying for the billionth time to get a referral to a specialist for a diagnosis - one I've been fighting to get for HALF A DECADE. It is horrendous. Ever since moving to Roby Medical Centre, I've been promptly seen by doctors who care and genuinely want to get to the bottom of my health problems with me. Highly recommend seeing if they'll take you on if you live in Netherley, as driving there or bussing it to Huyton Bus Station is worth it just to retain any semblance of your health (and sanity). That being said, this isn't a review to rag on Kay's Pharmacy. Cannot fault the pharmacy in this building.

Author: Julie Christie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very pleasant staff 👌 …

Author: Irena Zoltakova
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP doesn’t even deserve 1 star the woman at the reception is absolutely horrible u can’t make a appointment on a phone call nether if u came erly before opening time so bad

Author: Jason Lewis
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
How can you call this please a doctor's im recovering from a heart attack an ment to going back to work Monday so I phoned up this Friday 8am like I have been doing all week an not been able to get a appointment so I got a phone consultation but got told they will phone after 12 so 15.18 pm comes im on the phone to my cardo nurse an the doctors phone so I called them back an after nearly 30mins on hold waiting they answer an so I explained to her an she says I have to rearrange the appointment an there earliest appointment is for a week today an I told her I need my fit for work today as im going back to work Monday an she says there is nothing she can do as there is only 1 doctor in an she is doing admin at the moment an I says to her its only 3.45 they dont shut till 6.30 I said this doctors is a joke an she said I am terminating the phone can. An they cant even put you medication on the system properly as im still waiting for my meds to be put on the system ist needs shutting down no wonder people are getting sick

Author: alkepo
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful service. No appointments but waiting room empty. Over a week for a prescription to be signed. RIDICULOUS!!

Author: METANOIA 23
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not even worth one star . Words fail to say how bad this place is !!!! It’s Just been voted the worst doctors practice in Liverpool actually !

Author: Helen Phillips
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have rated this 1 star only because there are no minus stars. I have been with this practice for 50 yrs and even though it wasn’t the best to begin with since it’s been taking over by UC24 in my opinion it’s not fit for purpose. You have got more chance of winning the lottery than getting an appointment you ring at 8 on hold to 8.15 then told no appointments and maybe one of reasons for that is they now only have one GP on a day which I have been told numerous times by different members of staff. This practice has nearly 4000 patients and currently offering roughly 30 appointments a day,, my advice for anyone who’s thinking of joining this practice DONT and if you can register somewhere else than do so.
