Practice: STONEYCROFT MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82104
Postcode: L13 6QD
Google Maps title: Stoneycroft Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 75
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stoneycroft+Medical+Centre/@53.4195556,-2.9180101,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b21ea7f4129b5:0x10ef237056b2c004!8m2!3d53.4195524!4d-2.9154298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf3ng15?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82104-stoneycroft-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: T Dog
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Can’t stand this doctors… take medications off my repeat prescriptions without any dialogue? Been asthmatic for as long as I can remember an just remove inhaler off my script. Have to battle for medications that am entitled too.

Author: R Donn
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Tyson and all the staff are amazing. Above and beyond always

Author: Assemgul Izbassarova
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I met Nur Islam during Mental Health Week at the community centre, and meeting him was one of the best things that has happened to me. I have been suffering from vertigo and other health problems after Covid, and I had been feeling very low mentally and emotionally. I also gained a lot of weight due to medication. But the day I went to see him, he truly supported me. I signed up with a work coach, started volunteer work, joined Herbalife, lost weight, and some of my health issues have started improving. I now have so much positivity in my life. I think social prescribers are one of the best things introduced by GPs and the NHS. I am very grateful.

Author: Sally Lough
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
HORRENDOUS DOCTORS, my mother has been to the doctors over two of her medications that were given by hospital and instructed to continue to get from her drs, the doctor told her there to expensive and will have to go back to the hospital instead, I have been to appointments with my mother and experienced the worst care possible, receptionist were attitudes from hell like it was a duty to speak to us, then to go into the room so see a female doctor who was submissive and spoke over my mother as she tried to talk about her issue, my mother went for her chest and they didn’t ask about it but started to discuss her previous medical issues, when I told the doctor oh she’s here for her chest sorry she told me I’m rude and asked my mother not to bring me any more. I left an official complaint and heard nothing back since!!! DISGRACEFUL

Author: Paul Hunter
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Ahmad has been fantastic with me. I’ve seen many doctors over the years at this practice, but it is Dr Ahmad who has helped me the most by finding me the right medication after an injury i had. Great doctor.

Author: Naseef Khan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Naseef Khan1 review · 1 photo5 months ago

Author: Peter Cliff
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only say that this medical centre is one of the best you can get, you can get a morning appointment when they open at 8 o'clock and an afternoon appointment if you get there at 12 o'clock. Always nice and helpful, just happy i'm on their books. Leading up to my mother's passing, they really looked after her due to her Dementia and for that i'm very grateful. I cannot speak highly enough of them.

Author: Liz Bellion
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but praise for the GP’s, nursing & support staff in this practice. After the original GP partners retired we were left in the hands of the deplorable West Derby Medical Centre. Since Dr Abdi took over the practice along with his partners and support staff things have improved dramatically. It was always going to take time to put right the mess they inherited but they have certainly worked wonders (and no doubt very long hours) trying to put it right. I understand the frustration some may have trying to get through on the extremely busy phone lines and getting appointments, especially if they’re working and I’m not sure what the answer is as it’s an extremely busy practice. One last thing …. Thank you for having the wonderful lady doctor Dr Afeera Ali.

Author: Kellie
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have just been to see Kieran, the pharmacist in the surgery. He was absolutely brilliant. I learned more from him about my diabetes in 10 minutes than I have done from anyone else in 20 years! I actually come away feeling positive, so thank you Kieran!

Author: Elisha M
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with this GP Surgery for most of my life. Truly gutted to see the decline in standards and reputation it has now. The evening receptionist has a bad attitude, the few doctors I've dealt with have not listened to concerns, just spoke over me, as if my concerns are not valid, gave very little guidance and absolutely no reassurance into any issue raised. Honestly, I understand the days of having a family doctor whom has time for you, is surely passing but compassion and empathy goes along way when dealing with peoples health concerns.
