Practice: VAUXHALL HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: N82115
Postcode: L5 8XR
Google Maps title: Vauxhall Health Centre
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 61
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Vauxhall+Health+Centre/@53.4194591,-2.9869915,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b2147eae70085:0xdf94d642e24efe1!8m2!3d53.4194559!4d-2.9844112!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tz70yw8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82115-vauxhall-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Martin Gardner
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Ning Ru Su is amazing! So kind and helpful!

Author: Sharon Twist
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank Ritchie from reception and Dr Ruth Lu for their fantastic care of my mum when she was acutely sob in the waiting room. Ritchie quickly got medical help a chair oxygen and called an ambulance. Dr Ruth examined mum immediately and initiated treatment. Thankyou for treating me and my mum with kindness.

Author: Hayley Ann
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Completed an econsultation, did not receive any acknowledgement of it. 2 days later I called the surgery to be told I was on the list for a phone call back………seven days later. A whole week for just a call back not even an appointment. The day of my phone call, I got a text saying they would call me the following day instead, and I still didnt get to see a doctor. Its just not good enough.

Author: tralek5
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I be 4 time about my fit note all time has problems today be computer problem if anybody remember work without computer?

Author: Monika
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
MonikaLocal Guide · 21 reviews · 113 photos4 months ago

Author: born_analogic_die_digital
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went for a ECG and it was straightforward and fast as they attended me at the time it was scheduled and the metering was literally 5 mins with results sent the next day. As an outsider, you need to report your arrival to a kind lady right by the entrance where it says "community" something, not at the main practice counter itself a bit further inside the clinic. Once the appointment was booked they also sent previously well explained reminders that are useful to get there, cancel and rebook if necessary. The practice itself looks great and clean with lots of useful information for its patients. Close to bus stops.

Author: Sofia Fernandes Francisco
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP used to be good, atm they are not fulfilling duty of care. I have raised concerns about no one getting back to me after a couple online forms, after a couple weeks i called and i was told they never received them. I said if thats so they need to contact their IT service, they paid no attention to it and seems like it's happening again, I have been in the A&E on Monday-Tuesday and discharged with medication, filled a form on Thursday morning no one got back to me, so i called on Thursday afternoon said my meds would finish on Saturday, and no one got back to me.

Author: Gali Mills
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Online it says open at 8 which after waiting there for 10 min, called them only to be told "oh yha the doors only open at half 8" which than took them another 5 min to open .. this is just disappointing and disrespectful of people time..

Author: helen walker
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I moved to the surgery when great homer street surgery moved to mere lane and to say it was a great move to make the doctors back then was amazing especially dr cumberlidge unfortunately he sadly passed away and dr Catherine Hopkins unfortunately she has retired and doctor david Lewis luckily he is still a great doctor here reception staff has always been great very friendly easy to talk too they care and take there time and try to help but since covid its been a nightmare getting appointments and mistakes had been made in my care i had pyelonephritis but it was missed and left me really very poorly but luckily aintree hospital treated me and got me better lots of great doctors have left and some newer doctors I personally dont like dont trust but there still are some amazing doctors ones that do care that go above and beyond to help doctor Laura is fab dr rawlinson again fab doctor gaul as well fab all take there time to treat u im seeing another doctor in a few days dr clare nwosu after a telephone consult and am sure she 2 is a great doctor as she really came across like she really cares about her patients and listened to my problems and so 1st impressions count so am sure my face to face will be good too lots 2 love about the doctors surgery but lots to improve on to get it back to how it always was make appointments easier to get or better still bring bing back the walk in clinic of a morning im bot saying have walk in everyday maybe 2-3 times aweek but b4 i 4get the nurses as well are great too they listen and are friendly

Author: Thomas Betlejemski
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor. Can't get appointments; receptionists are rude and decide what's better for you. Absolutely a mess.
