Practice: KIRKDALE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82101
Postcode: L4 4QJ
Google Maps title: Kirkdale Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kirkdale+Medical+Centre/@53.4330371,-2.9765329,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b215d80a16d23:0x57856ba8cce31231!8m2!3d53.4330339!4d-2.9739526!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdyf50q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82101-kirkdale-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They would not let me join without photo ID under uk law you do not need photo ID to join a surgery. They are making their own rules. The doctor doesn’t know how to make a referral or use google.been trying to get them to arrange an emergency endoscopy witch the hospital said I need urgently 4 weeks still no referral after numerous attempts. They keep saying they’ll get the admin team to sort it. 4 weeks later still no referral and the situation is getting dire i,m having to go to hospital today because my GP and reception team can’t do a simple job

Author: maryam azad
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hello, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to this medical clinic and its entire staff. They are incredibly kind and compassionate, providing care with excellent organization, management, and outstanding follow-up. They truly understand the patient’s condition and respond accordingly. During this time, I have not encountered any other medical team or staff who work with such professionalism and genuine care. Everything is carried out promptly and precisely. They are not only highly skilled but also wonderfully kind human beings.🌹🙏🌹🙏🌹🙏🫡

Author: Geetha Gowri
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Geetha GowriLocal Guide · 4 reviews · 14 photos8 months ago

Author: Dawn Parry
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dawn Parry3 reviews8 months ago

Author: Gina
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I've been at this surgery for over 20 years and am much happier with the service with the recent changes. The man on reception is so polite and helpful, despite being spoken to like shite by other patients. I never have an issue getting an appointment when phoning in the morning, and they have changed the phone system to say where you are in the queue. I find the nurse practitioner helpful and my repeat prescription is managed through an app now, so much easier! I used to dread getting an appointment with the husband in the old GP team, who had me in tears a few times. The new Dr's are much more informed, and have a better approach to patients.

Author: Bridge Clark
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been at this surgery for 20 years!!! Dr R Bajaj was not the most equipped with bedside manner, his wife was a bit better! They’ve now retired to the detriment of the surgery. The treatment I received or lack of should I say today was appalling. I rang & rang at 8am, got through to be 15th in the queue. I got asked by the ‘receptionist’ in quite bad broken English, what was wrong, like it’s his business!!! He then proceeded to tell me that the doctor would phone me for a consultation. I waited & waited……… at almost 17:30 he phoned!! The dr said why didn’t I get s as face to face? I said ask your receptionist! The place is a nightmare , I’m so angry at them for today. Because I needed a face to face! For all they know I could have a bleed on the brain, picking worst case scenario! I expect better Why does the receptionist need to know?????? Who gave him the right to decide my fate today??? Why didn’t I get my fone call until I reminded them????? In the mean time I’ve been fobbed off with antibiotic cream when I might have needed tablet antibiotics for a possible infection but how would they know!!! 😡

Author: John Manning
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Expecting a Medicine Drugs Review from the Practice Pharmacist today, he decided not to call. He decided to make another appointment for me without contacting me. No one from the Practice was bothered to apologise for his absent telephone call, and his action to make another appointment for me without consultation. Absolutely abysmal service and inconsiderate behaviour. Parts of this Medical Practice are appalling.

Author: Louise Rowlands
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Doesn't deserve the one star, Never known a Worst doctors ever can never get through and when you do never any appointments. Need more than one doctor on considering there's four doctor names on website they ain't there as why's theres never any appointments left. There's one receptionist who's so ignorant when telling information doesn't listen as when recall she gives the wrong information back. I do wish I was back in my old doctors never had any issues at all only on this one due to moving home and out the area of old doctors.

Author: Alison Smith
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
My Husband George and I have found this Medical Centre to be very caring. The GPs, Nurses etc are lovely. The Receptionists we dealt with were informative and helpful . Vicky in particular is kind, compassionate and goes out of her way to be helpful. Thank you . Alison

Author: maureen Bason
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Really gone down in my eyes since being taken over they have have turned a good practice into one that doesn't care about their patients...very disappointed.
