Practice: HILLFOOT HEALTH
Canonical code: N82116
Postcode: L25 0ND
Google Maps title: Hillfoot Health
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hillfoot+Health/@53.3591875,-2.860772,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b1fde317feacb:0x63e1024f09fd6e3d!8m2!3d53.3591843!4d-2.8581917!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc11yl1h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82116-hillfoot-health.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Veronica Whiteside
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Veronica Whiteside2 reviewsa week ago New

Author: Paul Theshed
Date: a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
Generally I have had good experiences with the Staff and Doctors, on this occasion it was another Patient who's experience was poor, in my opinion. An elderly man came in, obviously having difficulty walking. Sitting nearby I could not help but hear. He had duplicate Hospital appointments and was asking could the Staff help him sort it out. Now I know this is not the job of reception staff, and there's is very little they could do. But no empathy was shown or any guidance given at all. We can't help was all he got. Sad really.

Author: Sarah Jenkins
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've just become a patient at Hillfoot. I cannot praise them enough for the speed and efficiency. Communication is clear and polite from all staff and I felt very listened to during my consultation.

Author: Hayley McCaughran
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I turned up at the practice for 8am as it states it opens at this time. As i was greeted i was told the desk doesn’t open till 8:30am - i asked if i could book an app to see the GP - to be told to ‘call’ whilst i am standing in reception WOW ! I was then told to go online to ‘fill out a digital form’. I have arrived at the practice before work, as it’s somewhat of 30 minutes away, and i didn’t want to get to work to be told to come all the way back. I am currently on hold, in the car park, filling out forms to basically not know if i will be seen or not ! This system is absolutely ridiculous, i don’t know how the elderly, vulnerable or those who have no access to smartphones or internet are expected to use this system - it’s absolutely ludicrous and needs reassessment !

Author: Paul Mc Donnell
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I feel I need to comment not only on the Practice but one Doctor in Particular, Doctor Mangari , I had emergency bloods Done at his Behest , A PSA test was done too, The Results came Back to say I have Prostate Cancer, Through Doctor Mangari’s swift action in Fast Tracking me, In the past month I have had a Bone Scan, which came bk Negative, an MRI scan which Showed Some irregularities and a Biopsy to confirm, that The cancer is Contained within my Prostate, I was started on 28 days of Hormone Tablets, I’ve Had a Hormone injection , I will have 3 more injections over 2 years, and I will start RT in March nxt year, I cannot thank Dr Mangari enough for his care and compassion, Nothing has been to much trouble to him, he has been there whenever I need him, He is A Total Star, Thankyou Doc,

Author: Joanna Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you so much Sophie! I have been on the website and there is a link to make a complaint but not how to say thank you. I have just moved to this practice and there had been an admin issue regarding my medications transferring over. This resulted in me sitting in the pharmacy 15 minutes before closing time hoping that something could be done in time for me to get medication that I needed that evening. Sophie went above and beyond to pull it out of the bag for me! I'm so glad I moved to this practice.

Author: jay smith
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Going all ai …. Ai that doesn’t help or work god help old ..confused or neurodivergent people book and appointment .. YOU SHOW ME ON THAT LIST WHERE I CAN DO THAT. So we aren’t even allowed after January to even pick up a phone to make up an appointment. Or speak to a human being what had become of this world? Do you not realise how bad this is? Do not realise how bad you treat the patients or is it hands up we know the NHS has failed and you’re just gonna ignore people and you’re gonna put people into a position where no one can make an appointment anyway . Utterly utterly disgusting, and I have no idea where I’m gonna go because I don’t want to use this practice. I’ve got very very serious health issues and I am not gonna get the help that I need in this practice that’s for certain ‼️

Author: Kim Barrow
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This practice is fantastic. The reception staff are polite and really helpful, which is rare in GPs these days. As for the clinical team, I cant praise them enough. You can see a doctor or speak to one quickly as well as pharmacist and physios and nurses etc. I see Dr Bicker who is an exceptional GP. I have seen other Dr's there too who have also been excellent. This brings back faith that its not the whole NHS that is in meltdown. Thank you to all of you!

Author: Em Rainbird
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately after being at this GP surgery my entire life, the administration/ business team have simply found the time to go out of their way and contact me multiple times this last week to say they are removing me from their practice now that I’ve had a baby whilst I’m at my most vulnerable. Apparently this is all due to me being between addresses whilst waiting for my new home to go through, which is out of my control. Quote “due to an address from the hospital being different from their system”. I’ve found this absolutely disgusting to be told, as a first time and new born mum, to register myself and my baby at a new gp service less than 3 weeks after having a traumatic birth experience, while needing antibiotics and support. I can’t believe that this has been their first point of communication and priority as a HEALTH CARE service. No check in to see if I’m okay or even a congratulations just a straight away rude approach, at a time when things are already hard. So disappointing to have an administration & business team bringing down the quality of care and high standard of doctors that I have built trust with throughout my life and who have supported and helped me through many difficult circumstances. It’s unfortunate that I have to leave this review and escalate further at a time like this. Shows how this NHS business only see patients as numbers rather than actual people.

Author: Maria Muldoon
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
While I appreciate people may have other things going on in their lives, it doesn't hurt to just be polite when greeting patients at Reception. Or actually being available to greet them
