Practice: BROWNLOW AT MARYBONE
Canonical code: N82617
Postcode: L3 2BG
Google Maps title: Brownlow Health @ Marybone
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brownlow+Health+@+Marybone/@53.4111097,-2.9902631,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487b213a988ef7cd:0xb4033cb834c1b30e!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b2130c2379ad3:0x443d571ee4ee8714!8m2!3d53.4111065!4d-2.9876828!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdfh71v?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82617-brownlow-at-marybone.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rebecca OD
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’d been with this GP for over 10 years, I’m very sad to be leaving but I’m moving house. The nurses and doctors have been amazing over the years, the receptionists always pleasant and helpful. Shame I can’t stay, but it’s too far to travel.

Author: Kinkini Vithanage
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The reception service at Brownlow Marybone Healthcare Centre in Liverpool is extremely poor and honestly felt disgusting. Staff do not take patients’ illnesses seriously, and there is a complete lack of urgency and care, even in situations that feel potentially dangerous. Despite paying NHS insurance for many years, we have received no meaningful support or benefit from this healthcare centre. The experience has been frustrating, disappointing, and deeply concerning.

Author: Mohammed Al eiani
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very grateful to you, your services are excellent, especially Hussein, who speaks multiple languages, and the entire staff is excellent.

Author: L. Novi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible and useless. They won't cure you.

Author: Kehinde Afolabi
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to first of all thank the staff at this establishment. They have always gone over and beyond for my child. Whenever i call or use the online option, my child is always prioritized and seen almost immediately or within the hour. I also had the opportunity of witnessing an exchange between the receptionist and a patient who couldn't speak english and looking uncomfortable. The receptionist kept encouraging them to say what they needed through a mobile interpreter which the patient was able to do so and get an appointment same day. This event didn't take up to 5 mins. Well done team!!!!

Author: Angela Elshafei
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve always had good experiences with the doctors and nurses at this surgery but my experience today with reception was awful. I’m now sat in a&e because I was a few minutes late for my appointment (out of my control and I apologised) and my friend couldn’t get through on the phone for 30 minutes to tell them I was delayed so the receptionist told me there was nothing they could do for me at all. I’m sure someone else who was waiting would’ve been seen during the time I was late so it makes no sense. The receptionist was only concerned with telling me I was recorded as no show and the only suggestion she had when I asked what options I had as I still needed care was to say she’d give me the postcode to the walk in centre. I don’t know how that would help, and I’m not sure she’s qualified to send me there as I know enough to know they wouldn’t be able to prescribe the meds I needed urgently. So the delay in being seen and stress contributed to my condition and I’m now getting the treatment in a&e that I could easily have done at home in more comfort and without risk of other infections (and significantly cheaper!).

Author: Sayuri Pathirana
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My experience today with Lydia, just like those who've corresponded with me the previous times, addressed my needs in a timely manner. Lydia understood my situation extremely well. My situation was somewhat time-sensitive even though it didn't classify as a "medical emergency." She listened to me patiently, responded to me by addressing my most urgent needs and arranged for me to be seen by a doctor as quickly as she could. I'm so thankful for her and the doctor who are arranging to accommodate to my needs on a fully-packed day like today. Thank you, truly, to all who are working tirelessly to help people lie us! We see you and the value you bring to us! I'm eternally grateful for today! Thank you!

Author: Katie Dante
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
the worst doctors ever. avoid at all costs. i’ve had the same problem since october 2024, it is now august 2025 and they still haven’t tried to sort it i have had to go private. i’ve had countless appointments and countless prescriptions and i always hear the same thing. all they do is give you generic antibiotics to fob you off and give awful advice, an actual doctor is impossible to get into contact with and the staff do not care at all. i will never be returning here. i have suffered for almost a year because of this place and i would never ever recommend it to anyone

Author: Sammy Hennessey
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every experience I’ve had with this practice has been amazing, start to finish and I’ve never struggled to get an appointment. Special mention to Chris Lee for being the amazing woman she is.

Author: Jan Rogerson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Gabrielle Abbas was amazing today and did everything she could to help me, she was patient and kind. The receptionist was also amazing and very kind too. Much appreciated as I was unable to get to the surgery due to my predicament. Thank you.
