Practice: HORNSPIT MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N82663
Postcode: L12 5LT
Google Maps title: Hornspit Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 37
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hornspit+Medical+Centre/@53.4372599,-2.9177862,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b21f4050e2347:0xbf2f9c4694b2d14a!8m2!3d53.4372567!4d-2.9152059!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thmdypz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N82663-hornspit-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tina Jones
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve recently joined this practice, as langbank was a frustrating practice to be a patient with. Well what a huge improvement, receptionist was very helpful and as for the doctor, although he had called and not got an answer from myself left a voicemail and said he was going to call back in 10-15 mins, wow what a lovely change that was to me, he actually took the time to say he would call back. I’m so impressed he listened to what I was saying without rushing me, he was very thoughtful and gave me the meds I needed to set me up till I get my new prescription, thank you soooo much Hornspit I look forward to being with this practice for a very long time. I hope this helps other people decide what their options are before joining any practice. The doctor and the employee that helped me are a credit to Hornspit. Just say it as I see it and keep it real

Author: Topper Harley
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
People don't call the doctors because they're happy - they call because they're upset or sick or any other negative reason. So doctors receptionists naturally get a bad rep because "they didn't tell me what I want to hear" 99% of the time. For example, if you can't get an appointment don't blame the receptionist - blame the government. So I'm always more patient with receptionists in doctors because I think they do a really tough job (I also think they deserve a pay rise). Anyway that all being said, when comparing the recption staff with my other previous surgeries I would give these 5/5. My experience with the doctors themselves has also been 5/5 so far. Will update my review if it changes. ~ Adam

Author: Ann Davies
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ann Davies3 months ago

Author: P D
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fast service and the girls in the reception area were very helpful

Author: Carmen Andreea Vrabie
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m very disappointed with the GP practice. Every time I raise a concern about our health, I’m told that it’s “normal” and no further action is taken. It feels like they don’t take our symptoms seriously and are not willing to investigate or offer proper support. We rarely get clear answers or follow-up. I expect a GP to listen carefully, show empathy, and help find solutions — unfortunately, that hasn’t been the case here.

Author: Chris Williams
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I find every single member of staff here to be professional and caring people who have always helped me so much whenever I have needed it. A particular mention has to go to Dr Jameson. He’s so kind, knowledgeable and invested in his patients. He’s been so helpful to me, particularly in recent months, but it’s not just me, he’s been fantastic when treating both my wife and my dad at different times too. So much is said about the NHS but it’s important to take the time to celebrate excellent care and that’s what I always get from this team. Thank you to all of them.

Author: Modesta P.
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great reception staff, nurses and doctors. Dr Jameson in particular - a professional that NHS can be proud of. He genuinely cares, takes his time to explain and doesn’t mind to give necessary referrals. I’ve been with this practice for almost 2 years, never had a problem with getting an appointment on the same day nor I had to wait long on hold on the phone to speak to the staff. Everyone is friendly, kind and keen to help.

Author: Jacky Shaw
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Today 24th of February 2024 I was ringing docs from 754am for call back got through at 801am to be told by machine 18th in queue how could 18 calls get through in 1min then when I got through no appointments left It's ridiculous it wasn't for me but my granddaughter who was really unwell it's no wonder Hospital waiting times are so bad

Author: Michaela Hindley
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Would not give this so called doctors 1 star. Reception staff has a attitude of a child and has no respect!

Author: Shakira King
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give it a zero, I waited just over an hour just for an automated phone to say it’s closed for staff training. Ridiculous you phone at nine there’s no appointments then they tell you to phone at one and still no appointments. It’s a ridiculous practice
