Practice: MILLBROOK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N83032
Postcode: L32 9PF
Google Maps title: Millbrook Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Millbrook+Medical+Centre/@53.4855894,-2.9077965,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMILLBROOK+MEDICAL+CENTRE+L32+9PF!3m8!1s0x487b1890612aa81f:0x2010ebfe40bd68cd!8m2!3d53.4757062!4d-2.8875545!9m1!1b1!15sCiBNSUxMQlJPT0sgTUVESUNBTCBDRU5UUkUgTDMyIDlQRpIBFGdlbmVyYWxfcHJhY3RpdGlvbmVy4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9ttnxb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N83032-millbrook-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Venia fanioudaki
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've always had a great experience at this surgery. Staff are helpful and welcoming. They always respond to my concerns promptly.

Author: lucyjo harkins
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
lucyjo harkins1 review2 months ago

Author: jaygriffo14
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful the only way to get an appointment is to call at 8am is such an old fashioned way of doing things. This is a joke no help when urgently required no wonder the NHS is a shambles right now joke not happy with this it seems like they just dont care.

Author: ray halpin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
ray halpin1 review4 months ago

Author: joe wilkinson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After making a phone call enquiring about a blood test for prostate was told stay by your phone has doctors needs to contact you no phone call came after 2 days received a text from surgery saying doctor will contact me in 14 days time. This is a joke needless to say I’ve cancelled the phone call and won’t bother now

Author: Sarah Smithurst
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never have a problem staff very helpful

Author: Nicola Corner
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nicola CornerLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 64 photos9 months ago

Author: Onyinyechi Madubuike
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had nothing but great experiences at this GP. I have had many bad ones in the one I used to use, but we have been happy since moving to this one. They always have appointments for me, my 2 toddlers and my husband. We are grateful! Keep up the good work, I know it is not easy doing what you do. We appreciate you all.

Author: Lawrence Easter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I can only rated this place on my most recent appointment, which is such a shame as its took only one individual to spoil my views on this place. To cut a long story short, I've been very ill over the last few months and needed to see a doctor. I got to see an advanced nurse which was just as good. Being very worried about my recent health problems I tried to as the questions that were bothering me. It was at this point I was rudely spoken to and accused of interrupting her, I was aware I had as I thought we were having a conversation. I apologised for this and said I hadn't meant too, but every time I did try to talk I would be accused again of this. I did say that I was only asking important questions to me as I was very ill and scared. After she raised her voice to me I did say in a very calm Manor that I was sorry if she thought I'd interrupted her but I said that she shouldn't be raising her voice at me and being rude. At this point she continued to be very rude and off with me, so I said I would be making a complaint. At this point her behaviour became shocking, as I was leaving her room, I said thanks, her reply was unbelievable she said " NEXT TIME YOU COME BACK HERE DONT COME AND SEE ME" she then raised her voice again at me and said " NOW GET OUT OF MY ROOM"..... This has taken me by complete and utter surprise i was in shock, at this moment in my life I'm probably at the most fragile I've ever felt, not only in a health perspective but also mentally. I come here to be helped and hopefully reassured, but instead I've left feeling shacken and upset. I don't feel that I could return to this practice which is scary as I'm still not in a good place and in need of help. I did speak with the practice manager, before I left I left a full statement. The manager was very reassuring and did seem to care, she said she would follow up on this and get back to me. This is all I could ask, which is why I've said no names in this post. I do intend to take this to NHS ENGLAND if its not resolved. You see signs saying being rude to staff will not be tolerated, but this should also count the other way. You don't expect to be spoken to like this off a trained professional. Such a shame as this lady is definitely in the minority and something I've never witnessed before.

Author: Charles Breden
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service. Appointments required
