Practice: DINAS LANE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N83014
Postcode: L36 2NW
Google Maps title: Dinas Lane Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 102
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dinas+Lane+Medical+Centre/@53.4171353,-2.8619358,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b1f14416c4321:0x4c078422bbc60924!8m2!3d53.4171321!4d-2.8593555!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdh3df3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N83014-dinas-lane-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rob1 “Singer of songs”
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recieved a message about a blood test that i needed but didnt know anything about. Phoned reception a bit confused, Milly not only figured out the mumbo jumbo i was talkin but arranged a time and date for my blood test and suggested she send the appointment to my phone to show my employer. This all took less than 5 mins. Well done dinas lane medical centre team.

Author: Patricia Rose
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
When you first listen to the gp saying about being polite to staff on phone well the one I spoke to today 5th December was very aragant and disrespectful to me I need my B12 an was dolt very bluntly I would have to go private to get it . Were has the patients care gone and the respect for them this practice was one of the best but now the staff are so abrupt and cold . The new system in place is a joke this practice was one of the best run efficiently but now it's a disaster .again let down by this practice called today 4th feb 2026 for my b12 was told call next week to book for the next appintmen that will be in 3 weeks time told i can go treatment rooms in huyton gave me the nummber so i called to be told you have to be refferd to use the service phone gps back and told her what they said i was told by her we have liads of patiends that go there and we dont do referals as they are not needed well this is not correct info as you do need a refal you really need to get all the info before saying people can just go there it is in correct and the the young lady i spoke to in the gps needs to speak to people with manners very abrupt

Author: A AAa
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just what is the problem with the reception staff at this place? A couple are really helpful the rest... my advice to them is get another job if you cant be more polite, helpful or understanding. I am sick of going in and the so called receptionists either walking away or ignoring me until they finally decide to look up! They ruin the whole practice as the medical staff are really good, if you can get an appointment, getting past these self entitled jobsworths is a task that would try the patience of a saint! Also what are they playing at with this online prescriptions and appointments nonsense? My elderly mother is at her wits end trying to get any sense out of this system. Extremely poorly thought out and implemented regarding older patients. Thus system needs a rethink, and receptionists need retraining or moving on or out!

Author: dorothy jones
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Milly on reception is avery helpful girl. Always polite. When my husband lost his car keys she rang him to say she had found them. Thanks again Milly keep up the good work.

Author: edward aspinall
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
brilliant brilliant surgery every one so helpul doctors are amazing

Author: David Garner
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
David Garner2 reviews6 months ago

Author: Andrea Farrell (rowanessque)
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great doctors, very supportive when Mum was sick and they have helped me every time I phone or visit. The doctors treat you like a person and take your views into account when they offer you treatment or think you need other services. Its just a shame the rest of the NHS isn't able to see you quicker, would have prevented a lot of unecessary pain. This if no reflection on Dinas Lane they did everything they could as fast as they could.

Author: Suzanne and Gordy Corner
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Suzanne and Gordy CornerLocal Guide · 10 reviews7 months ago

Author: Thiago D.
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
It's good GP, but take too long to call there, I called exactly 46 times and didn't got it be attended. Very stressful this.

Author: Jenna Sugui
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never able to get a appointment .they always fully book..
