Practice: PHOENIX MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N83006
Postcode: WA10 2HT
Google Maps title: Phoenix Medical Centre (LingHolme Health Centre)
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 58
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Phoenix+Medical+Centre+(LingHolme+Health+Centre)/@53.4577849,-2.747323,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b1b82c4d66069:0x65216edeb5b2a2d8!8m2!3d53.4577817!4d-2.7447427!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tvt9x1b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N83006-phoenix-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Klaudia Bruderek
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
The doctor what I had appointment booked on the same day but during late hours looks so tired but I get some "advice" that's alright. The reception staff was very friendly and helpful so that is a big plus. The place looks so ugly and old, I felt like an animal waiting for my turn. Waiting room during winter is warm but very depressing. I felt like I just have to exist, not like a human.

Author: Jonathan Leatherbarrow
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Took 7 months to get a professional to actually lay hands on my spine. By that point my spine had collapsed and scans showed I had 7 chronic compression fractures and 2 degenerative discs, and a lost of 1.5 inches of height. Prescribed very strong painkillers (oxycodone) and had no review in 3 years as my mental health began to decline due to my mobility. I attempted suicide in jan 2024. When I started over using my painkillers in an attempt to self medicate my mental health, the response for 'DOMINIC," an advanced nurse practitioner, was not to treat the cause, or ask about my mental health or what might be happening, but reducing me to collect my medication daily, ALL of it. No question of mental health, no mental health referrals just collect ur meds daily. During the period of the next 9 months I seen "DOMINIC" once. I cried as I walked out to the car because of how little options or help I was offered. I became scared to ring the receptionist, being judged as an addict rather than a person who had bad luck and didn't have the guidance of how to manage my condition. I could go on, but luckily my new GP spent my first appt going through my history and judged it as "medically induced addiction." I'm finally receiving the support I needed years ago and I've reduced my painkiller intake by 50%. Ive made 7 suicide attempts since I left this dump, and the best thing they could do was prescribe me anti depressants which were unsuitable at the time, but thank god my new gp has made me feel more supported and given me the confidence, and correct referrals to treat the root cause, and sees me once a month. I went 3 years without seeing a GP here after having serious chronic back issues, prescribed a class A painkiller, then "DOMINIC" has the audacity to tell me im being investigated by nhs England for getting more medication thst I was prescribed... I never heard a thing. That's a fault of the GP not me and at least when I should of been pulled in for a review. Telling you now, I would be DEAD if I stayed here. Please, please listen to what I've said. Dr Young is okay, anybody else including the arrogant, full of himself "DOMINIC" please just avoid. Due to their sheer neglected and attitude on the phone, they have had a permanent negative impact on my life and I'm just so grateful I'm with a surgery now who actually cares and wants to help, rather than punish, and most importantly, come across like they want to care and want to help rather than make u feel like a waste of time. Please please avoid please 🙏

Author: Joanne Leighton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this excellent practice for 35 years , I and my family have always and continue to recieve excellent care from Dr Young, Amanda, Dominic, Nancy and all the team , reception are excellent in providing you with the appropriate appointment , on the same day if needed and its incredibly reassuring to have such a caring. Excellent and professional team looking after us.

Author: Julie Callan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The receptionists are great and if I phone at 8am I can always get a same day urgent appointment to see a doctor, all of whom listen to me and work with me to make sure I am happy with diagnosis. I have been with this practice for many years and would recommend it.

Author: Angela Smith
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very nice service tonight receptionist was helpful and very pleasent overall staff very good 👍 …

Author: S FS
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
So grateful for Dr Young and his highly professional service to help me as I try to support my elderly father who has significant health concerns at the moment Grateful he listens a to me and I’m so very thankful

Author: Gregory Bridge
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
It is purely perfunctory,souless. I went on a Saturday morning

Author: John Johnson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First class service from the whole team, I certainly made the correct decision to move GP's recently. The reception/admin staff are so understanding and go that extra mile with help and advice on triage. Thank you all for your outstanding efforts and help in sometimes difficult situations 👏👏 …

Author: julie noden
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would recommend Phoenix Medical Centre, I feel Dr. Young is an excellent doctor , i always speak highly of my treatment with both Dr. Young , the clinicians Amanda and Dominic, Nurse Nancy is also very caring, I have been with this practice for many years and once again i honestly cannot fault them.

Author: Jacqui Peters
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff are amazing and very professional always meet mine and my husband’s needs. The staff are very caring and supportive and always available when you need them 😃 …
