Practice: RAINFORD HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: N83041
Postcode: WA11 8AZ
Google Maps title: Rainford Health Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rainford+Health+Centre/@53.5012527,-2.7856264,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b0464758b2bbd:0x2aa86637b53ff3d8!8m2!3d53.5012495!4d-2.7830461!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1r951x?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N83041-rainford-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ben Walsh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolute fantastic doctors. Dr Lea is so approachable and caring in what has been a difficult time for me and my family. I couldn't thank him enough. Special mentions to Julie and Sharon who are exceptional at the role they do their professionalism shines through. Ben and Walsh Family X

Author: Keri Cooper
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would not normally write a review but sadly, I feel strongly about writing this one. I visited Rainford MC to get bloods this morning. As I walked in the door, I was met by the nurse looking out of her room; she asked "bloods"? I said yes, she guided me in and as I was getting my coat off and putting my bag down, I was advising her that I am here (a distance from my own area) because I had been to Rainhill MC two nights ago and they struggled, normal for me, to get bloods, so, they suggested a child's needle as it is tiny and apparently my veins are thin. She abruptly stopped me from talking to say, "can I just say, I am here on my own and if I need to send you elsewhere to get bloods........". I was taken back at how least person centred she was, She came across as negative and too compliant within her job role and forgetting that there was a person in front of her who, knows their own body. I wasn't delaying her, stalling etc, to delay her day. She went on to say how other nurses shouldn't have kept trying to take blood and how she was doing this day in and day out and how others probably weren't, etc etc.... At that point I had to stop talking as I felt her intention was to get me in and out asap. Fortunately, she got blood first time, Great! I just think she needs to stop! and remember why she became a nurse in the first place. Stop being so compliant that you do not see or hear the person you are treating. Even if you have to pretend to listen and be empathetic, then maybe try because you come across as a person with no manners.

Author: Luke Stanisstreet
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Morgan is the best doctor that I know, I always appreciate his consistent work ethic to resolve underlying issues during my appointments with him. Highly recommend booking an appointment with him, because he is caring and will have your best interest at hand.

Author: Francine Stanisstreet
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best doctor ever....Dr Morgan 😀 Extremely thorough and helpful, always listens and I never feel rushed during a consultation with him. He always gives comprehensive, compassionate, and effective care. I highly recommend this doctor. A family doctor who I wholeheartedly recommend and trust, not just for myself, but for my whole family.

Author: Bethan Ashton
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give a zero, I would! My husband is disabled and we are having issues with our housing. We required a letter from a GP detailing how his disability affects his housing needs. This matter was urgent and the GP was aware of the situation. We waited over 2 weeks for an appointment just to be referred to a separate service ALL for a simple letter from the GP. To add insult to injury, there was not an ounce of sympathy for my husbands condition and the time sensitivity of the matter. Absolutely disgusting service from the GP. If you’re reading this review because you’re moving to Rainford, I STRONGLY, recommend you sign up to a different GP - Kenneth MacRea GP surgery is fantastic. This GP surgery is full of CLOWNS and people that are incapable of doing their jobs.

Author: Kirsty Porter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The health center (both Doctors and Receptionists) were amazing during a family emergency. We required documentation to be sent abroad and they expedited this straight away and even made contact to check everything had gone smoothly. They were both compassionate and sympathetic and I can’t thank them enough for their help and support. All delivered with a smile on their faces, thank you so much.

Author: Rita Webb
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a appointment with Rebecca today and she is such a nice thoughtful person very helpful caring and understanding

Author: Ian Thomas
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Not the best practice in Rainford. Lacking in many areas. Nurses care here, has been faultless.

Author: divya markande
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
divya markande3 reviews · 2 photos2 years ago

Author: Julie Brown
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but praise for the doctors at this practice. The nurse is lovely too and the reception staff are always polite and courteous. You never feel rushed when you are speaking to the GP and if this means that your appointment is not exactly on time, because perhaps the previous patient has overrun on time slightly, then I would rather that be the case than feel hurried and not able to discuss things with the GP. It may seem difficult to get an appointment when you try and book online but I have always found that if you call and explain, they will usually try and accommodate you.
