Practice: KINGSWAY SURGERY
Canonical code: N84041
Postcode: L22 4RQ
Google Maps title: 42 Kingsway Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/42+Kingsway+Surgery/@53.4810379,-3.0223967,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sKINGSWAY+SURGERY+L22+4RQ!3m8!1s0x487b247d4ad058c1:0xbd7be4fd8acb4918!8m2!3d53.4809939!4d-3.0194665!9m1!1b1!15sChhLSU5HU1dBWSBTVVJHRVJZIEwyMiA0UlGSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11ggtgvsg5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N84041-kingsway-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicola
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
What an amazing surgery this is. I have recently registered ,upon using the e consult option for the first time ever (previous surgery didn’t have this option) I was replied to really quickly and felt so reassured thank you x

Author: Charlotte Walters
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always receive quick and accurate care at this GP; I've attended for blood pressure enquiries, skin cancer concerns and anxiety support; all of the practitioners have always been welcoming and empathetic. Getting an appointment is a challenge at times, but where isn't

Author: Roselyn Lewis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
1 joined this surgery at the end of August 2025 and cannot believe how excellent it is. The reception staff and Doctors are all so friendly, helpful and efficient. I have contacted them on 4 occasions at 8am and always got an appointment that morning. Each Doctor I have seen was very welcoming and thorough. I cannot praise them highly enough and recommend anyone wishing to change Doctors to contact 42 Kingsway. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟

Author: Raul Nada
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Raul Nada7 reviews · 3 photos3 months ago

Author: Debra Clarke
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had cause to pop in at 11 o’clock in the morning one day last week due to a medical issue. I would just like to say the level of professional care and understanding I received from both Lucy on reception and Dr Choudhary was exceptional. They are a credit to the practice. Thank you!!!!

Author: Janet Pennington
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amazing service this morning ,submitted an e consult to Dr Bernie,within 1 hour I had a response by text and a prescription had been sent to my pharmacy. Service could not be faulted . Thank you

Author: Gill Wildman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors and nurses excellent if you can actually get past reception! My 80 year old mother had a prearranged appointment for blood tests on Fri 26 Sept. She lives alone, has COPD and is already under the doctor for severe archilies tendon pain. Just prior to her appointment she had a really bad fall, landing on her face. Her glasses smashed, her head and nose cut, two black eyes, severe bruising and cut her knee open and hurt her wrist and fingers. She made it home and cleaned her wounds up. When she arrived for her blood test, she explained what had happened to the receptionist and asked if there was any nurses on duty to just check she had cleaned her wounds properly as cannot afford for them to get infected. The receptionist told her to go to litherland walk in! What has happened to the NHS being caring. I'm absolutely disgusted that an elderly, fragile person has been treated this way. This isn't the first time I have been aware of this surgery proving less than acceptable treatment to an elderly person. Before my father passed away I used to take him to his appointments and we witnessed an elderly gentleman trying to arrange for blood tests, receptionist very impatient with him telling him to go home and book it online. He clearly didn't understand what online is. To the doctors and nurses here, you need to be aware how your elderly patients are being treated and put off attending your surgery.

Author: Gary Buckley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Gary BuckleyLocal Guide · 59 reviews · 239 photos6 months ago

Author: Lin S
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve left this surgery, reason being, a receptionist there phoned me to state I was taking my medication wrong, (thyroxine which I have to take EVERY DAY) and berated me down the phone because I needed to put a repeat in as I had run out of my tablets. Dr Goodwin told me I needed to take them every day, but the receptionist said I shouldn’t. I spoke with the pharmacist and she also told me I needed to take this medication as what the dr prescribed. I’ve tried to send a complaint letter into Dr Vitti and Dr Berni, the receptionist wanted to intercept the letters, which were private and confidential and open them, even though they had for the attention of these Drs. I am going to complain to the ombudsman because this receptionist is not a medical practioner and should never over ride a Drs decision. I am going for a coronary scan and have NO confidence in this surgery.

Author: pam kendall
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great experience with Dr Choudray who has been overseeing my elderly Dad's health. Very thorough and informative
