Practice: ORRELL PARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N84027
Postcode: L9 8BU
Google Maps title: Orrell Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 86
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Orrell+Park+Medical+Centre/@53.4621035,-2.965133,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487b23c8210ed0bf:0xffa249ae7ee5660f!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sORRELL+PARK+MEDICAL+CENTRE+L9+8BU!3m8!1s0x487b23c824141423:0x2fb8f93da32d55e7!8m2!3d53.4618593!4d-2.9619452!9m1!1b1!15sCiFPUlJFTEwgUEFSSyBNRURJQ0FMIENFTlRSRSBMOSA4QlWSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1trcfzmg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N84027-orrell-park-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chris Hamblett
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The surgery is awful if you are a someone that works.... they wont let you book appointments in advance they are always fully booked by the time you get ahold of them on the phine and they make you try and call the next day where suprise suprise they are fully booked again.... We want to be able to book appointments for when we need them not for when it's convenient for the surgery it needs changing or the surgery needs shutting down its ridiculous... what are our taxes paying for..... I'd get better treatment if I cane here on a boat

Author: Danielle Lukes
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't thank the receptionist and the doctor enough for listening to my concerns and helping me. Sarah and Tanya, you are truly wonderful ladies thank you ever so much

Author: Boglarka L
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have called on Wednesday morning to make an appointment. The receptionist lady was very kind and managed to give me an appointment for the afternoon. On arrival I was greated by the team around reception,they were all very nice . I cannot remember the name of doctor who saw me unfortunately,but he was also very kind and understanding and did his best to help . I had to go to A&E but this practice did everything they could to help while being very kind . Thank you

Author: Janet Allan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The girls on reception are lovely and always helpful they go out of their way to help. The nurse collete is great too, the doctors have always been outstanding we are very lucky to be registered here

Author: Nicola Alty
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unsafe staff avoid at all cost Writing this from a hospital bed! Avoid at all cost if you value your health! They will leave u crying wreathing in absolute agony on the cold floor whist laughing at you and talking amongst themselves about you! This was my reality yesterday, I wouldn’t wish the experience on my worst enemy There is a male doctor he will patronise you and make you feel unheard and with no where to turn. The young receptionist is the absolute worst and talks to people like they are common muck she doesn’t flinch at shouting and using vile language to sick and disgruntled patients regardless of how they feel. These people have zero duty of care to their patients! I attended yday and to say my experience was so traumatic and one I won’t forget in this lifetime , I’ve never felt so worthless UNSAFE and very paranoid about my surroundings, whilst experiencing a terrible medical episode that landed me in the back of a ambulance and a stay in hospital, this was after months of during unbearable pain. they got a kick out of my misfortunes and they weren’t scared to hide it. It wouldn’t surprise me if one of their horrible team replied to this and blamed me, they all sat back and allowed the disgraceful behaviour that occurred. I’ve changed my gp now there is no way I could have gone back there without believing they would try and sabotage my health!

Author: Stacey Reed north
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
terrible service, ring up from 8am comes to 10 paat 8 and can't get an appointment because there isn't any it's ridiculous your ear closes up and you still can't get seen to, needs sorting out it's ridiculous

Author: saqia iram
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I made the call for appointment with the doctor and finally after long I got the appointment today at 11:45 and I am sure that they said on call it’s 11:45 but today I went for my appointment and I late 3 minutes due to heavy traffic outside. I went to receptionist and ask for my appointment. I am really sorry to use these words but she is very rude lady even she don’t know how to talk with patient how to deal them. She rudely said you are late we are sorry. 5 minutes are not too late I request her that I am in pain of knee I can’t wait for other appointments even though I can’t walk proper due to this pain can you please try to make this possible. But she is very rude lady even she didn’t listen me properly. Can you please hire proper trained receptionist because I always got the rude behaviour from them. Highly disappointed

Author: Aga Kubiak
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I do not recommend it with all my heart

Author: Taryn Hansen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionists, they should be ashamed of themselves dealing with the public. No professionalism There is no GP appointments EVER!

Author: Merseyside Car-Keys
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
35 mins in queue nobody answer..
