Practice: HIGH PASTURES SURGERY
Canonical code: N84003
Postcode: L31 2HW
Google Maps title: High Pastures Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/High+Pastures+Surgery/@53.5187641,-2.9488632,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sHIGH+PASTURES+SURGERY+L31+2HW!3m8!1s0x487b22d056af19a1:0xaa512afbb5812358!8m2!3d53.5186173!4d-2.9462134!9m1!1b1!15sCh1ISUdIIFBBU1RVUkVTIFNVUkdFUlkgTDMxIDJIV5IBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F11j4sw5t2v?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N84003-high-pastures-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Margaret Williams
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful experience today with High Pastures Surgery in Maghull with their so called ring back system. Spent a total of over 4 hours waiting for a call back when you get to position 1 in the queue it drops you off and informs you you no longer have a place in the queue so you have to start over again disgusting in this day and age. Complained at the Surgery face to face they where totally disinterested just felt fobbed off dreadful patient experience.Their phone messages informs you they have made improvements well I wonder where!!.It's not for the patients benefit its a disgrace.

Author: Ant Sal
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been with this surgery for over 20 years. It used to be highly regarded in Maghull / Lydiate but the service to its community has dramatically declined. Receptionists / Admin or ‘Care Navigators’ as they like to be called do not navigate you anywhere with care, this is a myth. - You’ll hardly ever get to see a doctor, they seem to triage most of their patients to Associate Physicians. Whilst some of the ‘Physicians’ are good, they are not doctors so if you have any persistent / complex conditions, you may be passed about a bit. - If you ever need to submit a PMA request, good luck as certain doctors will just have such requests sitting in their respective trays and do nothing. I’ve been waiting months and chasing almost every other day. The ‘Care Navigators’ either don’t acknowledge you or just say “we are not allowed to contact or chase doctors”. Clearly this is a lie, they have no means to contact doctors directly lol! - They will also change your doctor, one you’ve had for years without informing you. - Just to confuse you when making appointments, they often change the platform used to make appointments. Example, eConsult, Blinx etc…. These are not intuitive platforms to use, particularly Blinx. Wouldn’t you think you could just book appointments using the NHS App by now! - Contact by phone can be challenging. You can be number ‘one’ in the queue but 45 minutes later you can still be waiting. If you call in person to the surgery whilst still on the phone, you’ll just see people standing around chatting. Then when you complain, they just say there’s an issue with the lines. - Specialist letters where care is handed back to your GP to be managed are never acknowledged / uploaded to medical records so you end up chasing so that any life saving medication is available / ordered in time. - Repeat prescriptions are often signalled as rejected when you check your NHS App but when you chase this up, they say “Oh, must be a mistake”. This happens far too often… - Always get second opinions too if you are not happy with something. Go private (if you have the means). I had a very near life impacting condition that was not picked up. I could go on and on with this surgery and I bet there’s lots of other surgery’s out there that are similar. I stay with them because it’s better the devil you know, than the one you don’t.

Author: Hannah
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
GP's are excellent but impossible to get hold of anyone. I've spent hours on hold only to be cut off many times. The only way to get in touch is to go into the practice in person. Its a real shame it lets the practice down. I cant recall a single time in over a year where anyone has answered my call.

Author: Linda Cheetham
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had a problem getting an appointment. Reception always helpful

Author: Cath Leigh
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
REALLY DISAPPOINTING Surgery. Logged a complaint via email to the Practice Manager TWO months ago, still not had a reply! When I spoke to Receptionist today was told "there is no time limit to when they reply to my complaint" Tried calling them twice today - 2nd call waited 2 HOURS & 23 sec then the call dropped out. Stood in the Dr's Surgery on my phone waiting for them to pickup was told they were short staffed & had only ONE member of staff answering calls. I'm truly shocked with their attitude towards a patient.

Author: Lesley Roddy
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent experience with High Pastures over the past year or so, feel like this surgery has improved massively over the last couple of years. Outstanding staff, helpful, polite, especially Bilal and Dr Fleming.

Author: A Loftus
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had to have numerous test lately and have been getting treated by Doctor Fleming. She is professional caring and thorough at all times. The experience I have had with high pastures has been outstanding.

Author: D
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great experience again. Came to see Dr Fleming today with my daughter and as like every other time i was greeted with a smile, professionalism, and genuiness. I can't speak highly enough of her and Bil, both of whom I have had interactions with in recent months. The NHS needs more people like these 2, people who make you feel heard, understood, and respected. Thank you for making mine and my family's experiences pleasant and sometimes humorous. You are appreciated!

Author: Cassandra McCormick
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I don’t know why they call them care navigators, should be won’t listen and don’t care dismissers.

Author: Burscough Neuro Physiotherapy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have provided Neuro Physiotherapy to many patients who are at High Pastures Surgery who all have spoken very highly of the surgery. Having experience working with many local GP practices we personally have found the team here really proactive and helpful in working together to support their patients.
