Practice: WESTWAY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: N84025
Postcode: L31 0DJ
Google Maps title: Westway Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Westway+Medical+Centre/@53.5152933,-2.9491061,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sWESTWAY+MEDICAL+CENTRE+L31+0DJ!3m8!1s0x487b22c54d449693:0x3f5926248b037fe9!8m2!3d53.5152933!4d-2.9443425!9m1!1b1!15sCh5XRVNUV0FZIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIEwzMSAwREqSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1tgwm70f?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N84025-westway-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nicola Woods
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
I would just like to say how nice this surgery is the doctors are lovely and the reception staff are very helpful. Thank you to everyone for offering such a good service to the community xx

Author: Shirley Harris
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unsure what has happened to this surgery in recent months but it has gone down hill. I care for a patient registered here so have regular encounters. It has become very disorganised, overstretched, the reception staff can be very dismissive and abrupt which doesn't help when you trying to get help for a patient who depends on you. I'm glad I'm not registered at this practice. Westway rewind and go back to your old ways.

Author: Laura Coughlin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It might just be me, but if you go on the NHS app to “Book a GP appointment” (because we all know how calling at 8am usually goes), follow the prompts, and then receive a confirmation complete with a calendar invite titled “GP Appointment”… …I’d say 99% of people would reasonably assume they’d actually secured a GP appointment. So imagine my surprise when I turned up for said “appointment” only to be told, in the most empathetic and understanding manner imaginable (not), that it wasn’t an appointment at all. Despite being booked via a section literally titled “Book Appointment”.Despite receiving a “Your GP Appointment” invitation.Despite being given a time slot. No, no – this was simply to inform me that someone would be “looking at my request”. Not seeing me. Not calling me. Just… looking. And apparently, it’s always been that way.

Author: Deborah Baker
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have attended Westway for 2.5 years now. The Surgery has become busier with patients facing an onward battle of getting an appointment the same day. We are made to que or ring up at 8m each day to then have to wait in another que to see if we were quickier then someone else in order to get to see a GP. You are not elected a Doctor to you so in many cases you need to recall information once again as your notes are not looked at as you only have 10 mins per visit. I have also experienced a lack of empathy at times by receptionists who have felt it ok to read out loud a run down of all my Medical issues for others to hear. I'm sure this is against the Confidelity clause they would have signed up for. This has made my time here very stressful and annoying. I understand the surgery has become busier and god forbid going forward with all the new housing going up how this surgery would be able to look after it's parishioners moving ahead. The Doctors as far as I know do a fantastic job seeing to us but the 10 min appointments creates a sterile and stressful time for it's patients. Sick people should not be made to fight for more time or appointments,the surgery needs to expand itself with more Doctors and easier booking times. Maghull has grown in numbers over this time yet we are still in a village mentality.

Author: joan comber
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Only been with this medical centre for a year. Needed a routine appointment with a doctor last week. Had no problem getting one. Excellent. The doctor was so good. He listened and advised and acted immediately. X rays, blood tests appointment, ECG appointment and appointment with a specialist all done within an hour. Cannot fault the staff and treatment from Westway medical. Professional and caring. Thank you so much. Joan Comber.

Author: James Carter
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely surgery and the reception staff were amazing! Really helped me when I was unwell. I was lucky to see Dr Chamberlain that is an amazing Doctor. Thanks folks! 10/10
Practice response date: 9 months ago
Practice response:
Dear James, Thank you for your comment, we appreciate your feed back. Practice Manager

Author: Daniel Gaul
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Given the pressures the NHS is under Westway offer a great service. Urgent prescription sorted very quickly. First class.

Author: S Skingle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
An excellent practice. The medical, administration and reception staff at Westway Medical Centre have provided care for my housebound father with unfailing kindness, expertise and patience over many years.

Author: jean adams
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Did you tell DVLA i cant drive but i can now as im very well with no illness at all now and feel great to drive if you tell them i can get my licence back please
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Dear Jean, Please contact the surgery if you have a query regarding your DVLA, 0151 526 1121. Thank you

Author: ZEE
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
ZEELocal Guide · 26 reviews · 218 photosa year ago
