Practice: UPTON GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: N85013
Postcode: CH49 0TF
Google Maps title: Upton Group Practice
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Upton+Group+Practice/@53.3852871,-3.0916394,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b27d03096de1f:0xba48954fd94a5232!8m2!3d53.3852839!4d-3.0890591!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgk053h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N85013-upton-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: TheDrum2010
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't be fooled by this practice, under NHS guidelines and English law it is NOT compulsory to use any digital services that the practice offer such as Blinx or Patches to manage your healthcare. You absolutely CAN refuse to use these and the practice are legally bound to accept appointment bookings via telephone and all other correspondence carried out by letter. The Human rights act 1998 articles 8 & 14, the Equality act 2010 including the public sector equality duty s149 and NHS England's own policies mean that mandatory use of any app or digital means of accessing health care may discriminate against patients who are digitally excluded, including those with disabilities, low literacy, limited internet access or limited technical ability. Furthermore should you enforce your right to go non digital with this practice you can then proceed to request all data packets historically transmitted, stored or otherwise by the digital platform used, use an FOI for this. In summary, if you're having difficulties using the apps that they claim are compulsory contact reception today and make them aware of your rights. Of course, that's if they don't hang up on you. You may need to visit the practice in person and speak to practice manager Julie Reilly.

Author: Jim Bennett
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Joke

Author: davef393
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Though Ive been a patient here my entire life its impossible to get a appointment

Author: Derek Jeffries
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m consistently impressed with all the team at the Upton group practice. Unfortunately I’ve needed lots of their assistance this year and they have been brilliant and I couldn’t ask for more.

Author: Karen Green
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient with Upton Practice for the past 7 years and have never really needed to see a Doctor. However, since reaching 70 I have had a few heart issues which means I was referred to see a Cardiologist. Although having to wait for 12 months the after care I have received especially from Nurse Julia who sat with me and explained everything including medication, test results and procedures. She talked to me like a friend and helped put my mind at rest. What an amazing asset she is to the practise.

Author: Keith Lindsay
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
2nd October 24. I completed a PATCHES at 0730. UGP phoned me at 1030 and I had an appointment at 1530, plus a follow up appointment in 3 weeks. Someone should tell Wes Streeting that UGP ain't broke!

Author: Charlotte Gilmartin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant GP surgery I have been accessing since a child. The staff are friendly & appointments are on time.

Author: Maureen White
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always been able to get same day appointment. & receptionist are very helpful. But l had an unusual unhelpful male receptionist the other day 🙄 …

Author: Rachael Simcock
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful, prescription service is dire, order a prescription but if it’s not yet on the list they don’t prescribe, so you arrive at pharmacy for said prescription for it not to be ordered! No courtesy call as to why are you ordering this, they don’t seem to read history, which would explain why you are requesting said medication, no nothing until you get to pharmacy to be told it’s not been ordered, need to get their act together, poor communication all the time 🤬

Author: wonderstuff601
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient here for over 20 yrs and I have been satisfied until the last 4 -5 yrs. Today, I went to the pharmacy to collect my necessary pain medication for the 3rd time, which was submitted exactly a week ago and it still had not been sent over from the surgery. Went to surgery where receptionist had to search for it and came from the back office with it. I asked what the delay was and she did not know but suggested a " possible technical glitch ".......😡 I have also recently had the strength of my medication reduced, therefore, had no effect, and after requesting a reason, was given no explanation, but they corrected it. Also recently, during an appointment with a consultant ( not fully qualified doctor ) I asked if she could look at a lump on my knee and advise wether it was anything to be concerned about. Her replay was, that she could not look at it as I had used my allocated slot of 10 minutes, and if she looked at every patients, other issues, then she would be getting home late for her dinner !!! It took her longer to tell me why she couldn't look, than it would of done to actually look. My personal experience has not been good. ------------------- New update ! I find myself once again completely frustrated by this practice not doing their admin job properly. I was half way through a quit smoking course, which I have been encouraged to do by several doctors over time. I have had to chase my last two prescriptions that were not sent to the pharmacy after several phone calls, going to 2 pharmacies to track the medication, and after being told by the GP receptionist that it had been sent, I then went to the practice to then be told that the prescription had not been signed by the duty doctor ???? So not only was I lied to by the receptionist, there was no reason she could give me as to why my prescription had sat on her desk for almost 2 weeks..... This has also happened again and at this point I decided to inform the smoking cessation clinic, who spoke to Upton GP, to find out the issue and apparently they have declined my prescription for reasons only know to them !!!!! Because of the gap between medication, it is no longer effective, so thanks to Upton Group Practice and their negative attitude, being fobbed off, and lied to, my efforts have been a waste of time and I will now be looking for a more efficient practice that will be of help and not a hindrance. Absolutely disgusting service.....!!! The one star rating is by default, in order to post this otherwise it would be minus 5 😡
