Practice: GREASBY GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: N85032
Postcode: CH49 3AT
Google Maps title: Greasby Group Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Greasby+Group+Practice/@53.3780628,-3.122557,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b28694e13dc6b:0x84871336878bcb49!8m2!3d53.3780596!4d-3.1199767!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tmpdgnf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N85032-greasby-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Amanda
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Blinx consult went in at 9am and a prescription was sent through at 10am. Communication was perfect and excellent care as always from Dr Carter and all staff at Greasby. No complaints whatsoever: thank you! :)

Author: Simon Lloyd
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have never been treated with such a lack of duty of care than from this practice. I'm nearly 50 yrs old and been in Wallasey most of my life with no issues. They refuse to respond to me at all or help me in any way, having “signposted” me to a&e (for non-emergency and told me to get an ambulance because I cant currently get there myself); put me on medication and I don’t even know what dose I’m supposed to be taking. They simply won’t see me at all. I tried a&e but with 100 ppl ahead of me I had no chance! I've even explored going private but need a GP referral and they wont even respond to that request. The doctors could easily help with the medication and the referral. It’s left me so distressed and feeling that there is nobody to even speak to!

Author: docaragonman
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
docaragonman19 reviews8 months ago

Author: Roy McGraa
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
At 1030 today I was caller number 1 for over 20 minutes and no one answered.

Author: Victoria x
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the doctors here are absolutely amazing. It's just a shame the NHS doesn't have enough funds to help. Dr Carter has always gone above and beyond for me. As have all the doctors here. Thank you 🩷🙏🏾 …

Author: Steve Connor
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you to the Greasby Group Practice GPs for helping my wife Julia. They have saved her life, it's that simple. She's been through a tough time in 2024 in particular and all the doctors have supported her incredibly well. Dr Pillitteri initiated emergency treatment at Arrowe Park, thank you so much. Dr Wright and Dr Patrick (who identified a DVT in my wife's leg) have also been a massive help with home visits and returning phone calls. Dr Carter has also been extremely helpful with advice and the admin team have also responded very swiftly to online requests or queries. I would strongly recommend using the PATCHS system, it works. We should be very grateful to have Drs like this in Greasby, so please support them. Remember also, they are like us, with families, and lives to live with all its day-to-day pressures. Being a GP is a huge responsibility and pressure and we need to consider that, so give them time and space to do their work. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- The last 2-3 years (21-23) has seen a significant drop in quality of service. I blame financial pressures (£ cuts - so called 'efficiencies') by central government. The staff are massively overloaded, are constantly hassled and it comes through on phone calls and enquiries. If you vote Tory this is what you get after 12 years. As doctor Coppock said to me before she retired 'the world has gone mad' meaning the unworkable booking system and more. Boris Johnson and his cronies have left a mess, but they don't care.

Author: Jasmin Joseph
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I am not happy at all greasby practice. 1,very rarely pick up the phone. 2,I don't know who is the mangement this gp center.tell them to continue check quality and good care.i spoke to many of them everyone have same answer. 3,As a parent we are worried about the problems.they don't have urgent.that make me very awful.todays problems they are given next month an appointments appreciate. 4,I had my blood tests moth ago,nobody informed,I ranked many times. 5,After I try to morning 8.30 to phone call ,finally I went straight away to gp get direct appointment.it is good or bad .I don't know what is going on.it is not first time .my 3 Rd experience.

Author: Tim Puzzar
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Just poor. Nightmare to get in contact with and never able to get an appointment.

Author: Barry Jones
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Still difficult to get appointments other than that it's very good

Author: Sean Kirkman
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Yet again, disappointment
