Practice: SPITAL SURGERY
Canonical code: N85617
Postcode: CH63 9JP
Google Maps title: Spital Surgery
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Spital+Surgery/@53.340791,-3.0061816,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ad8b00b979dd5:0x20ea8ff361a6f335!8m2!3d53.3407878!4d-3.0036013!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vd70w1t?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/N85617-spital-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gillian Pulham
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Appnt with Dr Kumar this morning, she sympathetically listened and took her time, blood tests etc needed and all arranged at the surgery tomorrow morning, first class service ⭐️

Author: Dawn
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have always been there for me when I've been ill. The Doctors, Nurses and Receptionists are all pleasant. Gill one of the Practice nurses is very good and personable. Would recommend

Author: John Moseley
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I think we are very fortunate to have such hard working, competent, kind, empathetic and helpful people at our local practice. I include everyone from the care-navigators at the front desk, the health advisers, nurses and doctors. I’ve been a patient here for 35 years and whilst I’ve been lucky and only needed to interact with them over the last 3 years, I have only ever had positive experiences and this over period when they must have at times been under severe pressure.

Author: John Stuart Owens
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Where there when I really needed them,saw me the same day I called. Fantastic.

Author: Yvette P
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but kind words for everyone who works at Spital Surgery! I’ve just had surgery at the Royal, in which they didn’t send me home with the correct dressings (to be changed daily). Spital surgery have helped in every single way, from speaking to a doctor to get the prescription which the Royal forgot, to helping me when Boots told me ‘the order hasn’t come in and they can’t do anything’, to even giving me suggestions of places to get my dressings changed at the weekends. The receptionists are lovely and polite. I get the feeling they do generally care about the patients health and they want to help you as much as they can. You feel very fragile after having surgery and all the staff I have spoken to have been nothing but helpful & lovely. Big thanks to the receptionists & the two nurses who have really helped me (one was nurse Lucy). Thank you.

Author: Lynda Jones
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lynda JonesLocal Guide · 22 reviews · 17 photos2 years ago

Author: ImWithTheScript
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
This deserves a five star review because these reviews are hilarious. Five stars all the way for Spital Surgery with everything they do! Doctors, receptionist and nurses you all do a brilliant job. 👍 I don't agree with naming people on reviews... …

Author: Fin n
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Doctors are good (they are qualified) Admin isn't (might not be qualified) Front desk woman acted like a petulent child when they messed up an emergency prescription for me (I suspect they looked at my name, didn't check the actual drug on the request, gave me my usual meds instead, because they're lazy) keyword: Lazy. If you ever sit in the waiting room, observe the admin ladies, try and catch them doing work; you'll be hard-pressed to succeed, between them making personal phone calls and 'avin a chinwag with the girls. The same woman I mentioned ignored large portions of what I was saying to her, then got annoyed when I asked if she was even listening (I had no way of knowing. No word of a lie, she was facing away, and not speaking or answering me). I asked how they would fix their admin error, she replied "it's not her problem" and I had to remind her it WAS in fact, her problem; it was an admin error from her team. Next door in the pharmacy was more helpful. Fortunately the head pharmacist saved the day, and gave me an emergency supply for the *prescribed* medicine. Their admin should have at least experience in administrative work. And I refuse to believe the argumentative ignorance they displayed today is that of qualified administrators. If you read this, you've been warned. Don't give the desk staff anything other than a smile, or you're in for it.

Author: Jo Smith
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist Charlotte was really unhelpful and rude on the phone! Absolutely no help.

Author: Richard Moore
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
My thanks go to Dr. Minns for his recent home visit and arranging transfer to Arrowe Park Hospital where I received treatment for a badly infected right knee. Am now recovering and awaiting transfer to Walton for further spinal investigation Richard Moore
