Practice: ORMSKIRK MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: P81014
Postcode: L39 2BY
Google Maps title: Ormskirk Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ormskirk+Medical+Practice/@53.5686148,-2.8869057,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b17ca6a11b6c3:0x383575ed6c55d61!8m2!3d53.5686116!4d-2.8843254!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w0j3r5z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81014-ormskirk-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jade Lloyd
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The issue with this GP isn't the GPs for the most part, Dr Amy, Dr Frampton, etc are absolutely amazing gps. You couldn't ask for better. They listen, they care, they take the time. But getting an appointment with them is like winning the lottery. But there are some, one gp in particular, who I won't name who should not be allowed to give advice, or see patients. They told me when I had tonsilstones last year, to and I quote, "get a q tip, grip it with the end of some pliers and put them both in your throat and knock the stones from the back of your throat." That's not safe. Even a child knows that's just a choking hazard. Could've said a toothbrush but nope, pliers. I was told me to put pliers in my mouth. By a GP. And the Advanced Nurse Practitioner is... dangerously unhelpful to say the least. She speaks over you, refuses to listen to any concerns, won't let you voice or explain. She told me I basically didn't know my own body, that I had a hormonal imbalance and just had to deal with it. Turns out I had a very real medical problem and nearly had to have emergency surgery but because she refused to listen when I said something was wrong and it was no hormonal imbalance (I live with those because I have PCOS). She nearly caused me a serious medical emergency. She's going to get someone killed if she doesn't stop and take the time to respect those she treats. She also needs to remeber she's not a doctor and shouldn't act like one. My partner recently went to her for groin pain that was also in his thigh and calf, she dismissed him, told him he'd sprained himself and even though he refused and asked her to listen, she referred him for physio. When we didnt let it slide, and he was seen at A&E, they said they think it's a suspected clot and are needing to run tests. This ANP is a liability, genuinely avoid her because she's got no idea and is going to have serious issues if (when) someone dies because she's not listened. Have you noticed us woman always just have "hormonal imbalances?" It's getting to be a really rubbish and downright dangerous diagnosis because doctors and nurses are too indifferent, too busy, to impatient to take the time and care for every person they see and I know that's a lot, I know they're really busy and under pressure, they can't send everyone for tests just because, but they can listen, they can take the time and give us the respect to at least consider what we say, to not rush us out the room with a pat on the head and no answers or clear path. I don't expect them to know everything, but we go to them with trust, with the hope they can help or show us to someone who can, instead we often get placated and dismissed like a faceless number. Just avoid that ANP. She's just waiting to sign someone's death warrent. She needs help, maybe a course on patience and respect for starters.

Author: Lynn Brown
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Getting an appointment is an absolute nightmare 😩🙈. Keep getting told to ring at 8am even for routine appointment . No wonder the phone lines are so busy . In the end lost the will to live with it all and asked to speak to practice manager who was very helpful and got me an appointment 😀.The doctor was also excellent too👏they just need to sort out this ringing at 8am that they tell everyone to do !

Author: Norma Lewin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
New to surgery so except for my flu jab by one of the sisters ive not met anyone else yet ,she was lovely .

Author: No Name
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying to call for 3 day straight and nobody can pick up the phone let it alone get an appointment

Author: สาวไทยในยูเค England
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I been with this GP for over 10 years and the doctors are lovely but the nurse with my experience is awful. I have a newborn baby getting vaccinated and she stabbing the needle with no care and I feel the pain for my son how she treated baby. And secondly I book my son for travel vaccine a month before going away and st and 2nd appointment 2week gap she said she cannot get hold of the vaccine and telling me to walk around the pharmacy if anywhere be able to order and she will send prescription forward to them. Soon I got prescription there’s no appointments available and I being told to go find somewhere who can give my son the injection myself. Two day before I going away I find clinic to do so but the surgery have to book me in but been told there’s no appointments to fit me in. This is absolutely ridiculous and I feel disgusting how the nurse treat my son, what a horrible and racism I ever see the nurse like her. Over a month I have to run around doing her job and end up waste of time.

Author: Geoff Courtney
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After waiting for ages on the phone then using the ring back system only to be told all appointments are full ring back tomorrow.this standard of care in today's age is getting worse asked if I can be added to the following days appointment told it's not allowed this is not true as doctors tell people to book appointments so why do we have to go into a lottery to get to see a doctor in this century this system is failing people who need to see there doctors.

Author: Wend Parr
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Supported shows emphathy, listens, office staff and G.P's. Sometimes the office staff cant just produe the impossible an appointment when there arnt any, however it's about the delivery of information that could be improved at times but in the main I wouldnt change g.p after 30 years of being under ormskirk medical practic

Author: Christopher Beesley
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My mum who has terminal cancer was in alot of pain and needed referring to a certain ward by a doctor. This doctor said she will do it and get back to my mum. The following day we chased this referral up to find out the doctor had not refered her and gone on holiday leaving my mum in even worse pain to eventually be admitted to hospital! One of a number of times things like this have happened over the years! Disgusting!

Author: Wendy Baker
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Ring at 8 to be 30 in the queue it's Soo frustrating

Author: Mari A
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The ANP nurse I had was so sweet and she was genuinely helpful, I was so nervous because of the reviews but from what it seems yes the front desk receptionist is a bit meh but the actual nurses and doctors are really kind and accommodating!!
