Practice: CLEVELEYS GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: P81073
Postcode: FY5 3LF
Google Maps title: Cleveleys Group Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cleveleys+Group+Practice/@53.8751994,-3.0451022,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b5cab58fb2a7b:0x48ad0aa6b4c562c6!8m2!3d53.8751963!4d-3.0425219!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1vsw70?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81073-cleveleys-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stevie-lee Hossack
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
doctors are lovely but the receptionists need to remember they are just that. every time i have called regarding my son (4yo) i have been spoken down to, been asked what i expect a doctor to do? or had them trying to diagnose him, when i literally just want to see a doctor and have them do whatever they need to do. they speak with an awful attitude.

Author: Derek Johnson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Derek JohnsonLocal Guide · 354 reviews · 49 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: peta sullivan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My brother visited the practice Tuesday last week with serious breathlessness, the doctor said there’s nothing we can do even if it was Covid or flu we wouldn’t give you any antibiotics, on Friday an ambulance was called to his house and he was taken straight to an ITU bed, with severe Pneumonia, he is currently sedated and and on a ventilator on ITU. The Bvh doctors were astounded as he has COPD, the family were shocked he wasn’t at least sent to SDEC for xray and bloods, had he been sent there he would have started the antibiotics he clearly needs five days before his admission to ITU, I thought you should know.

Author: Lea Peace
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice for 50 years have decided the care and service which was once there, has now gone. Since COVID-19, I have observed a decline in the practice's efficiency and responsiveness. Some reception staff have been dismissive and rude. I have also experienced difficulties in recieving doctors appointments, preferring to give phone consultations, or no appointments as the doctors are working from home?? ...and would rather pass you off to the walk in centre. In fact when you arrive in the Walkin, they guess we are from Cleveleys group practice, as it seems the norm. I hadn't been to the doctor's in a while and needed to schedule an appointment. The receptionist informed me that the wait time would be approximately three weeks. While I was disappointed with this wait, I decided to go ahead with the appointment. On the hour I was going for my appointment, the receptionist call to say the doctor couldn't see me, I would need another appointment, ...in another 3 weeks! I told the receptionist this is unacceptable, I said, I have to wait 6 weeks to see a doctor? She replied 'looks like it' ! This isn't good enough. After 50 years, I am moving to a different practice.

Author: Margaret Martin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment with Oonargh regarding my husband . Was so kind caring and didn’t rush through Felt liked had been listened too.

Author: Dan Pye
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just registered my Mum with the practice, having relocated to the area. While I can’t comment on the actual standard of medical care as none has been provided as yet, the service and support received from a Receptionist was shocking. Totally unsupportive, dismissive and passive aggressive. Constantly talked over me, refused to listen and didn’t allow me to explain the full situation. When I interjected to say that I felt I wasn’t being listened to, I was put through to an automated message that told me the call had been terminated due my “behaviour”. Currently pursuing a complaint…

Author: Paul Beckett
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have no problems with the medical professionals there, all the doctors and nurses have been helpful, But the attitude of some of the reception staff is shocking, they will deliberately do all the can to prevent you seeing a professional and get the help you need to the point of refusing to issue a doctors note authorised by a doctor. Cause as much difficulty for the patient as possible and try to blame the patient for it.. reception there is a disgrace.. 👎..

Author: Gaz1995 B
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Service rubbish

Author: James White
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
James White1 review6 months ago

Author: Alex Robinson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I don't understand how you can book an appointment with a patient, send them a text confirming that appointment and then decide that appointment isn't at the time you said. But it's 'more of a window'. I booked time off work for a 0930 appointment to then ring after not receiving it and be told 'it could be anything before 1330' If I turned up 4 hours late you can guarantee you wouldn't see me but when you do it with no forewarning it's okay
