Practice: ST PAULS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81063
Postcode: FY1 2HH
Google Maps title: St Paul's Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 120
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Paul's+Medical+Centre/@53.8289812,-3.0555018,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b447da6fc77e3:0xda94449430c79d46!8m2!3d53.8289781!4d-3.0529215!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ts3f4wt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81063-st-pauls-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Francisk Vyan
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Francisk Vyana week ago New

Author: Phil
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I have just registered at this doctors 1 week ago there was a women at the funt desk that called me stupid when I cudnt signe in on the tablet jue 2 my learning difficulty and her attitude was disgusting and I called in 2day 2. See for my appointment but was late as one of us got the f Time rong an her attitude was no different I have just been an registered at another doctors surgery becose I will not be seen buy this place again Sheila was the receptionist name she shud be a cleaner !!!!

Author: Craig Coleman
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Only scored 1 because can't give 0 A shame I'm required to cancel my appointment for a health check followup. It has been requested that I use a blood pressure monitor for 5 days. Twice I've been in to try a collect one and twice I've been told that they've none available because people don't return them. Tonight receptionist actually said 'why don't you just buy one?' To which i replied.... 'don't see why I should have to pay for equipment that the surgery provides' . Her answer ....... we don't have to supply them,it's a courtesy, but it's your health so I'll just cancel your appointment' 😮😡 Is it me ..... or is that outrageous 🤔

Author: Brian Tucker
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
I can't thank all the staff enough for all there help..totally professional considering what they must put up with when dealing with some of the patients..only thing that let's the practice down is the building could do with a refit.

Author: Mitch
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
They just don't care from the front till back, I do request online from yesterday for my friend what is falling on some steps and THEY CALL HIM AND SAY THE "doctor" say you need go A&E but my friend can't move from his bed,? for what go there for 30h waiting because them don't have time or is a excuse!

Author: Ramon Christopher Locsin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Called to book an appointment and receptionist wasnt helpful at all.

Author: jay zdrenks
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Like everything the first 3 reviews are the fake ones make sure u scroll down as this is the worst doctors iv ever had to deal with I made an appointment (which took forever) and was left waiting nearly 45 mins and when I canceled as I couldn't wait any longer they canceled my prescription which had nothing to do with the appointment, just as a punishment for not waiting it's sound ridiculous I no but the staff there are petty and don't care about the patients at all the just want to get home and get paid, find a different doctor

Author: Maya Karashava
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Lowkey, this Gp practice is bad. Whoever made this new system of getting their appointments done online or whatever needs to get sorted out, because I made a patch’s request online, then I rung up the office straight after and the receptionist said they cant do anything about it cause the doctor hasnt seen my patch’s request yet. Confusing.

Author: Mihaela Mihalachi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service. I waited over one hour for my 9-month-old baby’s appointment, even though we arrived on time. Other patients and children who arrived after us were seen first. I asked at reception several times and was only told to keep waiting, with no clear explanation for the delay or why we were being ignored. Waiting for over an hour with a baby, without any communication or consideration, is unacceptable. Extremely disappointing experience.

Author: Marion Cynthia Morgan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Given the fact actually 'seeing' a 'doctor' aren't necessarily the first things that happen, the system is working for me, and just one conversation with Dr Khan was extremely encouraging; I did feel that he listened to me. No fobbing-off. Staff are responsive and hard working. You will be directed in a considered way and they do answer the phone.
