Practice: REDLAM SURGERY
Canonical code: P81061
Postcode: BB2 1UW
Google Maps title: Redlam Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Redlam+Surgery/@53.7426886,-2.5046767,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b75633a212c6f:0xa1778b1fa6ad6dce!8m2!3d53.7426855!4d-2.5020964!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wk4clxb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81061-redlam-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Neil Clinton
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Neil Clinton2 months ago

Author: nicky norton
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot praise this surgery enough. Kind and caring doctors who actually listen to their patients. They are quick to call back after the initial contact with the surgery and will either book me in on the same day or arrange a prescription. Special mention to Dr Ahmed who is a wonderful doctor.

Author: Carley Jane Wolfendale
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After a call to 111 last night, Dr Moosa called me first thing regarding my 5 month old daughter. A swift appointment was made at our convenience with a new GP, Dr Rob. Dr Rob was so relaxed and created a very calming but fun atmosphere for my daughter, while carrying out the checks, he interacted in a silly way with my daughter while showing me the things to look out for. Dr Rob reassured me multiple times and always had a smile on his face. You’re a fantastic asset to Redlam Surgery.

Author: J
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up to ask for an appotment for my throat which I thought would of went away. The more I explained the more I was told this isn't an urgent issue. So she repeatedly told me me to see a pharmacist to diagnose me cause no doctor can see me for 2 weeks, that isn't even a face to face that is just a phone call. I will be taking this to HR cause I felt so undervalued as a person talking to this woman behind the phone. Date called 24 September at 9:20AM you will know by the staff on at that point. I did get rude for the fact I thought this was a place to go when I have a problem and need answers from a professional doctor as I feel something terribly wrong in my throat if I find something serious I will be sueing this surgery for Negligence.

Author: LASH Golf
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have nothing but positives to say about treatment at this doctor’s surgery. The staff here perform thankless tasks, to people at the depths of desperation and illness, and they are generally really nice, positive and helpful - and I can fully understand why they aren’t when they aren’t! They occasionally have to put up with some really dreadful attitudes (we’ve all been there when feeling ill), but the vast majority of patients I have seen attending have been lovely. It could do with a face lift as a building don’t get me wrong, but the terrible wallpaper doesn’t affect the great standard of treatment I have received. Thank you doctors, receptionists and prescription staff. You and the rest do the NHS are heroes!

Author: Kelly Longfield
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had an issue with a referral appointment I never got and received a letter advising I didn’t attend and Alison called up the hospital and booked me in for 2 days later! If it wasn’t for Alison I would have been referred and waiting another 5 weeks! Thank you so much Alison! Your a star and a massive credit to the surgery x

Author: Monu Kaushal
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
We have visited the surgery my husband had an appointment I was carrying my baby 2 year old, and front staff or reception lady was rude with me, when my child was playing with the door. She was rude, it seems to me she doesn't like Asian people but the Doctor was amazing Dr Ahmed was very polite and nice to us. My husband got recovered from bad pain with the help of a doctor Ahmed.

Author: Stuart Broughton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stuart BroughtonLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 1 photoa year ago

Author: aston betts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
What a great doctors surgery, I have only just recently moved to Blackburn and I was recommended by friends to attend this one. The level of care is outstanding, all of the receptionist staff are so lovely and welcoming. I felt at ease straight away after seeing my doctor, he really put my mind at ease. Thankyou very much

Author: Megan Pearce
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best doctors surgery I’ve ever been registered to, all of the receptionists are so welcoming and friendly and their communication is always amazing. The doctors are always so attentive and make sure I understand everything, I always feel fulfilled with the service. Best of the best I couldn’t fault it. 5 stars!
