Practice: ST JAMES' MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81003
Postcode: BB4 8HH
Google Maps title: St James Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+James+Medical+Centre/@53.707618,-2.2907352,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b90d54f5f312d:0xbe5a1da6f3a1e6b1!8m2!3d53.7076149!4d-2.2881549!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1qpn3b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81003-st-james-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: MR BEE xxx
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 3 stars
Everyone at st james try there best and are alway helpful

Author: Ruth Mckennell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
They gave me 100 per cent ,helped me 100 per cent,reception staff great very professional, drs brill,I was so impressed, great team of people

Author: Violet Owen
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After 7 years I have decided to leave this practice due to the lack of competence, communication and care I have experienced. Communication 1. Their phone line only accepts a low number of callers so does not acknowledge the order that patients have called in. This means you get a busy tone and have to repeatedly press redial until you luck out and get through– my record was 400 times. 2. There is no pathway to contact relevant staff in the practice, and all queries have to be funnelled through reception. 3. They don’t chase up follow up appointments and treatments you need. Competence 4. The staff seemed poorly trained and make and repeat careless mistakes. For example, a. Removing all my prescriptions without warning, and then taking 4 months to put them back on. b. Prescribing me medicine I am allergic to in the same appointment about a hospital referral for my allergies. c. Uploading someone else's medical records into my referral letter and mine onto theirs, then taking no action until REPEATED chasing from me. d. Trying to triage me to see a Nurse rather than a Doctor because they don't have adequate medical knowledge i.e. facial myokymia is not a "skin condition". e. Telling me to make an appointment, and then at the appointment asking me why I have asked for an appointment. f. Asking me to have a test then not putting it on my record so no one knows what test I need. 5. A poor understanding of GDPR practice and protocols. 6. Some of my records have so many spelling and grammatical errors I can’t even read what they say. Care 7. The majority of the reception staff are rude and unhelpful. I just don’t know why you do this job if you hate people. 8. Nothing they do is to make anything easier for you. 9. Constantly lying: i.e. o I was promised on multiple occasions that staff would contact me back (such as the Practice Manager), and it never happened until I chased them up. o Inconsistencies in policy – one person tells you, you can’t make in advance appointments and you have 2 call up at 8am to make one, and another time you are given an appointment in advance… 10. I’ve never seen the same doctor twice, so no one know you, your history and it doesn’t feel like anyone is looking after you. 11. Saying things that are worrying or careless, i.e.: o “Wow your bleeding like crazy” o “There’s no point in telling me, I’m not a clinician, I’m not who you should be speaking to” (when calling reception, which is the only place to call and the only person you are allowed to speak to...) It’s hard to write any kind of balance into this review because I feel so harmed from the experience of being here, and this list is just the tip of the iceberg. There are significant problems with the NHS, so not all of the issues I have outlined are probably solely this practice’s fault, but regardless I would not recommend this place to anyone and it’s been a horrible experience using this service.

Author: Miriam McCann
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rang yesterday at around 10.30am and asked for appointment or phone appointment for Urine Infection as in pain. Within the hour Dr Raymond Rang and my prescription for Antibiotic was sent straight to pharmacy. Thank you to the receptionist and Dr Raymond.

Author: Megan Mcquillan
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting, would not recommend this doctors surgery. Partner went for antibiotics for a severe ear infection. seen by a junior doctor, and for some reason the prescription wasn't signed immediately. went to the pharmacy twice, only to find out over 4 hours later that the prescription still hasn't been signed.. yet they informed him if it got any worse to go to a&e. clearly bad enough to say go to a&e but not bad enough for them to sign the prescription. 2 wasted journeys to the pharmacy. Will be moving my partner to a different doctors. what a joke

Author: Laws J
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Got through to reception 08.10am and booked in at 9.10am to see a medical nurse. Thorough check and great service for me personally. Has always been.

Author: mike heavey
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Found it to have great staff 👍 …

Author: Max Derbyshire
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Left the below negative comment several years ago. Have attended a couple of times since and been really impressed with the treatment received, today in particular from Saima. Referred me to a physio app for exercise to relieve nerve pain 14.4.25. Thank you / Rang St James several times on Tue, again several times on Wed constantly engaged. Rang 111 on Thursday couldn't get through after 1hr. Rang 111 Fri at 8 am got through after 40 mins. 111 suggested I would receive a call within 6 hrs. Call received 5 hrs on referring me to am SMS message sent at 11 am. Was about to go to Walk in centre. St James's requested a photo to protect, patients, staff and.... Photo sent. Apparently corrupted. Asked if we could try again. Told them not to bother. Painful having to deal with this practice.

Author: Rosemary Jones
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had an excellent service from this practice. Especially, compared with some of the tales I hear about other GP practices I think that it is well run and services are efficiently delivered.

Author: Immogen Hughes
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Calling system is ancient, having to call at 8am and redial 50 times to get in. Whenever I ask specifically for a GP I always get a nurse and have to rebook for another appointment. Has happened a few times. As someone with a busy schedule this obviously makes life difficult. I never want to call in when I am ill because I dont feel welcome to call, or dont want to deal with everything always going wrong.
