Practice: PARKGATE SURGERY
Canonical code: P81041
Postcode: L39 4QR
Google Maps title: Parkgate Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Parkgate+Surgery/@53.564838,-2.8852894,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b17c9cf59240b:0xefc15feb9f5d8fad!8m2!3d53.5648348!4d-2.8827091!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hp73t1s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81041-parkgate-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bernie Griffiths
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Another review from me. Honestly I feel so proud to be looked after by these doctors. I have a few anxiety related issues and Dr Saunders and Dr Gregory and Dr Roper are just the best. We are very lucky to have amazing doctors ❤️

Author: Viktoriya Soldatenko
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really good, excellent service, very professional. I can’t recommend highly enough
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Dear Viktoriya, Thank you so much for your lovely feedback and taking the time out to leave a review. I am so happy that you feel that Parkgate Surgery is a great Practice. Kind regards, Danielle Liptrot, Practice Manager.

Author: Stephanie Highet
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t thank Parkgate surgery enough. I have recently been unwell whilst staying with my daughter in London and the local pharmacist worked with the team at Parkgate to diagnose and prescribe the right medication all at a distance and very quickly, all done in less than an hour. The pharmacist was very impressed with how helpful they were too, ‘Not many practices are as supportive’.

Author: Julia Tiesteel
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The triage system is horrendous and so stressful! It doesn’t always work. Trying to get a follow up doctor appointment that was requested by the doctor, left me so upset having to go through the triage, I’m still poorly and in pain! My medication which had ended days ago and I’m still having symptoms! Which has gone on for months now. The receptionists are very pleasant it’s not their fault the system doesn’t always work.

Author: Dave Clarke
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dave ClarkeLocal Guide · 38 reviews · 57 photos8 months ago

Author: Sheryl
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cant recommend here enough. The care, the empathy and availability of the Doctors really can't be faulted. Everything here is more than we could ask for, from the receptionists who are always so lovely and accommodating to the prescription team, who go above and beyond, to the brilliant medical team. We had a terrible experience with our old doctors and since joing Parkgate we genuinely couldnt ask for more.. thanks to everyone here... definitley a job well done by everyone.

Author: Sarah Gill
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having been a patient for over 30 years, I’m not going to pretend that everything has been perfect in that time. Nothing is perfect and we all make mistakes. However, the usual service is very good and I would not want to move to another practice, which speaks volumes. I know Doctors receptionists have a bad reputation, and sometimes justifyably so, but I have just been speaking to Sue at Parkgate and she could not have been more helpful. I thought this alone was worthy of a good review, especially as people only tend to comment when they have had a bad experience.

Author: Sarah Field
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Now that Parkgate are using a new triage service, I've never had an issue getting advice, tests organised, or appointments. All the staff are compassionate and knowledgeable. Really happy to be registered with them.

Author: Robert Hodge
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service from the whole team. Travelling to India in a few weeks and contacted the surgery for immunisation jabs, they managed to me a slot the same day for the injections. The nurse was ready for me when I arrived and was done in less than 10mins. Also great advice for the trip. Thanks again Parkgate Surgery! 👍 …

Author: Charlie
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
New triage system is amazing. no waiting at 8am 'fastest finger first' all information looked at by a GP and appropriate appointment given. I have had routine appointments given in 1/2 weeks and emergency app on the day when it was required. Same GPs have also been at the practice for years & the same nurse. My old practice were Locum based. Best desition to move practise ! Thanks - F.T
