Practice: THE CHORLEY SURGERY
Canonical code: P81038
Postcode: PR7 2EJ
Google Maps title: The Chorley Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 90
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Chorley+Surgery/@53.6514303,-2.6358175,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b0c455c9b9247:0x847dfbb8fa816e3f!8m2!3d53.6514271!4d-2.6332372!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq5gk7p?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81038-the-chorley-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Kirsty Forshaw
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Kirsty Forshaw2 reviewsa month ago

Author: R
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
R8 reviews2 months ago

Author: Grant Gillespie
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Staff helpful when you can get hold of them. Operating systems need investigating and updating.

Author: Ryan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Come for help a few months ago. Just as website says it provides and as did family and others from aa told me the nhs will put me in recovery etc. they did nothing. No support nor help.infact they instead embarrassed me. Have it written on my medical record now because of me seeking help but no help was given. Our nhs is done and doomed to fail.

Author: Francesca Kingston
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All staff are absolutely lovely and really do put you at ease when you're very unwell. Dr Magapu is one of the kindest doctors I have seen and with a chronic illness, kind doctors can be hard to come by. Yes the practice is busy but their online service is really efficient and staff are always very professional

Author: Nicola lingard
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nicola lingard3 reviews · 1 photo6 months ago

Author: Janet Bowen
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No contingency plan when repeat prescription goes wrong Surgery blames chemist and chemist blames doctors meanwhile no medication for two days and starting to feel very unwell

Author: J G
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, terrible surgery. Attitude of the manager is poor to say the least. I have my medication dropped at Dad’s address as I work full time and he lives “outside of the area”. I have called 4 times to explain this and have been met with rude staff, asking far too personal questions. I have been removed from their register now due to being out of the area, even though I live about 5 minutes walk away. Disgrace of a place and glad I have moved away.

Author: Jamie Gains
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get a prescription right, messaged 3 times within the space of 2 weeks, having recently moved to the area, they don't fill me with confidence to look after my health needs and will be applying for another dr's

Author: Cas Jellicoe
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Individual staff are lovely. But this surgery is appalling in the way it is run. Never see the same doctor twice, usually get put onto a nurse practitioner, misdiagnosed with asthma for 5 years kept being sent away with inhalers, chest infections every few months nobody even considered sending me to chest dept or ent dept, I begged to see ent as I told THEM I thought it was acid reflux and post nasal drip causing my cough, two weeks on the correct meds and my cough stopped, after 5 years of coughing, chest infections and suffering, and the asthma nurse Still insists she was right when I've been told I don't have asthma. They've had two letters recently from consultants with diagnosis and recommended meds for me and I'm still waiting for a doctor to call me about it. I intend to seek legal advice on whether this is malpractice as I am now so sick of this. And now my son needs evidence of an illness to support his claim for gcse consideration after three exams were ruined by nosebleeds after they sent him away with cream months ago, and they want to charge 25 for a letter so we can help his education. Maybe if he'd been referred in the first place his nkose bleeds would have stopped. If you want to diagnose yourself and then have to chase up to get a consultants decision actioned, join this surgery. And don't bother trying to call them.. You need to book online and then they give you a time you can't do but you can't respond so you have to do the whole form. Again., I'm taking my family to a different surgery but my formal Complaint is forthcoming. And it still says asthma on my file!
