Practice: LITTLE HARWOOD HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: P81005
Postcode: BB1 6PH
Google Maps title: Little Harwood Health Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Little+Harwood+Health+Centre/@53.7586552,-2.4697523,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b9e4c73e09043:0xdd0b963e7da899b2!8m2!3d53.7586521!4d-2.467172!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfrx0t0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81005-little-harwood-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stuart Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’d like to leave a review for Nina Rolfe at Little Harwood Health Centre. Nina is thorough, clearly very experienced, and takes the time to talk you through everything. She never makes you feel like just another patient – she genuinely listens and cares. If the NHS had more staff like Nina, it would be a much better place. Highly recommended and very much appreciated.

Author: Lee Derbyshire
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Update..... Oct 2025 Now having to wait 2 weeks waiting to see doctor with chest pain Said I would get a call back didn't happen. Call at 8am as usual (Some people work) NHS in this country failing.

Author: Jonny
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude staff They are all crazy and there is no one to treat you as a human

Author: Jacqueline Kelly
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No duty of care. Receptionist name Dorothy spoke to me like I could not take care of my own daughter. Was extremely rude put me in so much distress i was crying over the telephone and she then persisted to put the phone down on me.

Author: faisal afzal
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have been with this gp surgery for 40+ years. All the staff are very kind, caring, understanding, amazing. I have a bad back fracture and tried everything and anything, I had to take time off work a job i loved and worked hard to get. Struggled to walk/sit. Dr Garg is Very kind hearted, caring, a Angel on earth and a very big credit to the gp surgery. A big Thanku to lovely Dr Garg he sorted regular pain relief which i was able to return to my dream job.

Author: sadia mehmood
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently been under the care of Dr. Latif, I was impressed by her attentiveness and willingness to truly listen to my concerns when it came to HRT/menopause. She took the time to thoroughly explain my condition and treatment options, making me feel informed and confident in her expertise. During my recent appointment, Dr. Latif patiently answered all my questions and even took extra time to explain my condition to me. It is peace of mind knowing I will be under her care.

Author: catrina carretero
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Can never get hold of anyone have waited over 2hrs for the phone to be answered..Just hung up at end, doctors great if you can get an appointment or even speak to someone to try! Repeat prescription open 2-4 sadly can wait those 2 hrs no one answered (several occasions) seem to get on a number eg 8 and never went down ..2rs!) Doctor tells me to go back in 2 months took 6 weeks ti actually get an apt.i don't do online..feel that even though paid for being on the books don't get same service..penalised

Author: Raeesa Jassat
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Since Dr Privonitz has left, I have received a poor level of care. I find it concerning that I was asked to do an ambulatory blood pressure monitor and did not receive any contact from the GP or the receptionist about the final outcome. I called and I was told that it's nothing to worry about, but now I've changed to Issa Medical Centre and they're carrying out more thorough checks with ongoing care. If anything bad were to happen to me, I will be contacting the Parliamentary and Health Services Ombudsman because this is ridiculous. Whereas, Dr Privonitz was amazing, caring, strategic and an all around role model. I hope she enjoys her hard earned retirement.

Author: Kally A
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
As everyone else has said the receptionists are extremely rude. My dad had an appointment at 8:20am. He was there at 8:03am. The queue to book in was extremely long and by the time he booked in with the receptionist they said his appointment had passed! He said he had been there for a long time and even the people behind backed him up. The receptionist was rude again and said that there was a screen to book in at the front which he hadn't seen. He has glaucoma so his peripheral vision isn't great. Disgusting behaviour from a 'health professional'. It's actually discrimination.

Author: Nida Bodla
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I get the appointment whenever I need. They call you back if the queue is long. The doctors check you thoroughly and investigate anything they feel is the issue. I’ve always had good experiences here.
