Practice: QUEEN SQUARE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: P81013
Postcode: LA1 1RP
Google Maps title: Queen Square Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Queen+Square+Medical+Practice/@54.046184,-2.8034672,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b627c2d1cdeb9:0x3553a3a982e7dd5d!8m2!3d54.0461809!4d-2.8008869!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vp6zqtr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81013-queen-square-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carmen Hattersley
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Carmen HattersleyLocal Guide · 102 reviews · 128 photosa week ago New

Author: Kenneth Pollard
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff and doctors are always very pleasant and helpful. very professional team.

Author: james marwood
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
james marwood3 months ago

Author: Jonathan Maher
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to Queen Square Surgery just over 1 year ago, I haven't had to use them much but when recently something very serious happened- they responded very swiftly and gave me an appointment within 2 working days, it wasn't life threatening but serious. The GP I saw, actually told me her clinic was running late (thank you as an autistic person it means a lot to be kept in the loop). She apologized for the delay, but as a former nurse these things happen, what I believe has been the big difference was the use of voice recording and AI transcribing for the GP which allowed her and myself to understand each better as she didnt need to type. Autistic people like myself really appreciate being listened to and accepted for who we are. Thank you to all the staff at Queen Square Surgery. I will happily recommend you to my other family members and friends.

Author: Laura MacKenzie
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are friendly and have taken any issues I have brought forward seriously. Been excellent working immediate appointments for my daughter. Longish wait times for adults appointments but likely similar everywhere.

Author: simone corsi
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
We have lived in Lancaster and used this practice between 2014 and 2018. It was great. Very easy to make an appointment (especially for children) and great staff. Fast forward to 2024, we moved back to Lancaster and registered at this practice without thinking about it twice. The difference is shocking, to the point that it seems almost impossible to make an appointment. Not sure what happened. Worsened health conditions of average Lancastrian? Less resources? Bad management? A combination of all of these factors?

Author: J B
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This Medical Practice is so disgusting. The Staff are a absolutely nightmare. The Doctors are generally alright. The nurses are useless. I will definitely change to a better Medical Practice. END OF!!!

Author: Will Faithfull
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute disgrace. Have been trying to get an appointment for a month, very difficult for me to sit on hold at 8am because I take my son to nursery and then have to be in calls and meetings all day. I tried to go through the online form as that was my only option, and they rang me back to tell me that my issue was "too urgent to be booked online, as that's only for routine appointments", but at the same time refused to make me an appointment, and refused to help in any way other than telling me that I needed to ring up and sit on hold at 8am. Have had to go private instead to get an appointment. The reason A&E is on it's knees is in part due to places like this setting up their whole system to make it as hard as possible for people to book to limit the flow of appointments. Just accept appointments a few days into the future? No, because that would be preventative medicine..

Author: Michael Wood
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Michael Wood3 reviewsEdited a year ago

Author: denise basnett
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Absolutely badly organised lot in the Caton surgery. I ordered my script 9th Dec ,but still no script by17th Dec. I had been contacted 11th Dec by who knows, to say I couldn't have my eardrops, so fine, but apparently that meant that everything on my script was then cancelled. I didn't know this info, but by then had gone four days without morphine, which is not only extremely painful but I haven't slept for the last four nights. Will search for another surgery now!
