Practice: MARTON MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: P81054
Postcode: FY3 9ES
Google Maps title: Marton Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Marton+Medical+Practice/@53.8117817,-3.0386662,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMARTON+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+FY3+9ES!3m8!1s0x487b438ea099d279:0x5b284cdf04f7379e!8m2!3d53.8117817!4d-3.0339026!9m1!1b1!15sCh9NQVJUT04gTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBGWTMgOUVTkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1tj4glhx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81054-marton-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jamieleigh Xoxox
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist is rude they always questioning me about being housebound I suffer mental health they are not health care professionals and have no right to tell me or question me on if I am housebound or not always seems like a argument to order my medication over the phone unfortunately I now dread ringing the doctors for the medication I need 😢 the receptionists need retraining or firing! Doctors are helpful and amazing reception staff lets the practice down for unfortunately I will be mentioning this to my doctor 👍 constantly getting things wrong and the patients are suffering!

Author: Finny Alexander
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Finny AlexanderLocal Guide · 10 reviews · 5 photos3 months ago

Author: Kim Moran
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Marton Medical centre,I've been with this surgery 22 years,and it most certainly deserves a higher star rating than it's been given, over the years I had the odd appointment here and there currently having more attention due to few more issues that popped up.The Staff answering the phone, front line receptionist all doctors, nurses are great hard working professionals. Keep up the good work,and I'm happy with new online booking system.

Author: Share For You
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I appreciate your service, but I am very disappointed about receiving two PCNs. I was running late for my wife’s appointment, which is why I parked in the consultant’s parking aa consultant parking was empty. After the appointment, I went out on my own to move the car while my wife was waiting in the pharmacy. At that time, the warden had already taken pictures, but I arrived at the parking area immediately afterwards. Since the parking was full, I waited briefly in the ambulance bay, making sure not to cause an obstruction for other cars. However, the warden took another picture and issued me a second PCN. I believe this is unfair, as the warden could have simply warned me since he had already taken evidence the first time. We were not there casually; we were attending a medical appointment with a patient. I kindly ask you to review this situation, as receiving two fines under these circumstances does not feel resonable. Could you do something for the pcn.
Practice response date: 6 months ago
Practice response:
Very sorry to read about your PCNs. It is the Health Centre that manages onsite parking and not the Practice, so I'm afraid I cannot help you other than recommend you speak with staff on the main ground floor reception desk, or appeal the tickets directly with the parking firm. Marie PM

Author: Namispond Jamispond
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Absolutely disgusted by one of the GP's. In agony for 2 months with stomach and back pain. She didn't even have a feel around my stomach and didn't do the first thing she should have done which was to test me for the helicobacter pylori bug. Could have saved me agony for 2 months. Thank God for the next doctor i saw. Ordered multiple investigations and got the problem solved.

Author: Neil curran
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Neil curran4 photos8 months ago

Author: Donna Charnley
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant with patients if needed, they rush for the help that's needed. Reception very friendly

Author: Nikki B.
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Only just recently joined this practice, very impressed so far. Took my son to see the nurse Arlene today, what a lovely, friendly lady. She was very thorough with her advice and spoke directly to my son, seriously impressed with her.

Author: G Sewell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Who ever the young girl is on reception taking calls is the rudest, most unhelpful person. The older lady I've spoke to in the past is far nicer and extremely helpful. It's not a easy thing for some people to make these kind of phone calls but then to be spoken to by a rude unhelpful receptionist makes it even harder. I am now late with my medication. Medication which literally helps me function through day to day tasks. The receptionist didn't help nor give any advice other than, it's not been approved yet. The request which went in two days ago. I have a controlled drug which will need to be ordered once the request has been approved. Now it'll be after the weekend before I'll get my medication and that's only f the receptionist made any effort to speak to the pharmacy after my call. I don't think you realise how much of an impact you can have on people's lives or how much people rely on their medication!!!

Author: Fiona Gibson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited 3 days for an appointment phoning every morning whilst in a lot of pain eventually getting to see a doctor. Who did not look at my notes or x rays but instead of examing me basically told me I was old and fat that's why I had pain. I am only 50 and I would not class myself as obese I may be a little over weight. Good job I do not have issues with my body image or mental health regarding how I look or it could have seriously affected me. Am looking for a new doctors now!
