Practice: THE RICHMOND HILL PRACTICE
Canonical code: P81025
Postcode: BB8 0JZ
Google Maps title: Richmond Hill Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Richmond+Hill+Practice/@53.8569193,-2.1671449,18z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+RICHMOND+HILL+PRACTICE+BB8+0JZ!3m8!1s0x487b9237c8c68769:0x9c125300c68c0f6d!8m2!3d53.8564484!4d-2.164427!9m1!1b1!15sCiJUSEUgUklDSE1PTkQgSElMTCBQUkFDVElDRSBCQjggMEpaWiQiInRoZSByaWNobW9uZCBoaWxsIHByYWN0aWNlIGJiOCAwanqSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NsaW5pY5oBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuVFVSQk0wcG1UakZCUlJBQuABAPoBBQjQARA3!16s%2Fg%2F1tdbkjl2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81025-the-richmond-hill-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Shelly Andrews
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I honestly wish you could give this place a zero. The receptionist seems to think helping people is out of her remit and she's just sat there to look pretty and talk about other patients with the other staff. The patient care navigators who deal with the online forms literally play god with peoples lives. Their answer to everything is go to the pharmacy even for conditions the pharmacy can't or won't treat. And then they send you rudely worded texts when you dare to go back and try again. Two of the older GPs should of stayed retired neither of them are capable of working the technology, finding letters from consultants in your records or handling situations appropriately. Dr Shukla can't diagnose anything without going on Google and seeing what that suggests it might be and Dr Ali is the rudest man I have ever met. Between the pair of them I was told my illness was my age, my weight, my job, stress, my mental health, completely made up and my diabetes. Infact it was none of these things and treatment they gave me actually made me ill and caused me to have to have 3 totally unnecessary medical procedures. Thankfully I finally found someone who listened and did an MRI scan and I got my proper diagnosis and ended up having major surgery on my head. This could of been prevented or been less serious if these two hadn't messed about so much. Still though even whilst all this was going on they refused to provide pain relief as requested repeatedly by the consultant or do any of the required vaccinations or testing. They told me if the consultant wanted it he could do it himself because it was making too much paperwork! After surgery I thought I had an infection and filled in their form to be told when more routine appointments become available they would send me one. Luckily urgent care was happy to see me within the hour. I showed them the text and they were disgusted and strongly recommended changing GP saying these are the worse around here.

Author: Shannon Duval
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Spent all day calling on Monday, 12 calls in total. No answer at all, just went straight off as if they had simply turned their phones off. Spent 20 minutes on hold the following day to be told they are not taking appointments and to call back at the weekend... Seriously, this needs sorting ASAP. So many people complaining you'd think you do something about the situation! Edit: Finally made an appointment in person, after walking a mile to get there, then a week later, they sent a message saying they had to cancel it?! Twice this has happened...

Author: Michelle Stockham
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 I would. Absolutely no duty of care whatsoever. I'm going to report this surgery to the CQC if everyone did the same maybe they would get investigated. My mother I'll in bed for 5 wks barely eating is denied a home visit and told to come to surgery how the hell can she do that when she can barely struggle to the bathroom!!!! They never ring or visit when they say they will absolutely diabolical. My mother has multiple issues and she may come a cross as a hypochondriac But there is a genuine issue going on but no one is willing to investigate... Her iron levels are practically nil she needs an iron infusion but is being denied this too.

Author: Oskar Hawryleczko
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Oskar Hawryleczko1 review4 months ago

Author: Simrah
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Kirby was brilliant – very thorough, collaborative, and explained everything clearly. The reception team were also friendly and efficient, which made the whole experience smooth. Highly recommend!

Author: Mandy Carlos
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Daughter so Margaret respiratory nurse today and couldn't praise her enough for all her help she was lovely and listened and helped with all her concerns

Author: Mark
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors have gone down hill drastically Reception & practice manager are useles They discuss patients confidential information in from of other patients & laugh and joke about it Not mentally trained at all so because I have brought this point up they are now patient care navigators But they don’t care

Author: melissa monaghan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited over 30 mins for the doctor to come out and didn’t give an excuse to being late and didn’t even say sorry. Didn’t do my injection because I was meant to pick it up from a different doctors which no one told me to do and made it seem like it was all my fault .

Author: F Waheed
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good

Author: Lee Carroll
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible practice, receptionists make you feel like an inconvenience, doctors don't phone when they say they're going to even though that's the only way you can get an "appointment" with them. There's no physical doctor appointments as an option only a phonecall which is brilliant when the problem has to be viewed in person
