Practice: ROSLEA SURGERY
Canonical code: P81083
Postcode: PR5 6PE
Google Maps title: Roslea Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 90
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Roslea+Surgery/@53.7338173,-2.6651165,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b72e1706f7f79:0x1e64122a8bdedde1!8m2!3d53.7338142!4d-2.6625362!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgxhlv_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81083-roslea-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Connor Billington
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Not sure why we have this surgery if we can never get any appointments….more chance going and getting a vets appointment than this place shocking

Author: Melvern
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't fault anything with Roslea Surgery

Author: Paul Jennings
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I love this surgery. Superb doctors and medical staff and lovely receptionists.

Author: Malcolm Barton
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I was declined an appointment by the practice manageress,she knows who she is. When asked to confirm this in writing she said she didn’t say anything about a refusal. The phone call was recorded and I had the phone on speaker so a person who was sat next to me could hear everything. The matter is now with the ombudsman for their ruling. The press will be informed at the final outcome. If you want a top class GP go to the Riverside Medical Centre at Victoria Road Walton Le Dale they will put this lot to shame in my opinion. Never been looked after so well at the RIVERSIDE. YOU SHOULD HAVE NOTICED ROSLEA IT SAYS EDITED 2 WEEKS AGO.Do you not understand.
Practice response date: 3 weeks ago
Practice response:
This is either a very old review which has been reposted, or is a fabrication. Roslea Surgery last had a female practice manager over 3 years ago. Also of note is the promotion of the same GP Practice as at the end of this review, also appears on a negative review of another neighbouring GP practice posted at a similar time from the same reviewer.

Author: Robert Beesley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Robert Beesley2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Colin Rimmer
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly and helpful local doctor's surgery which is proactive in ensuring that patients attend for vacinnations, PSA tests and general health check-ups. Runs pretty much to schedule and it's not overly difficult to secure an appointment. Decent people running a decent practice 👍

Author: Deborah Noblett
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception staff are always very helpful and I can always get an appointment on the same day. All the staff are very accommodating whilst working under a lot of pressure.

Author: Chel Sedg
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Having to leave this surgery to the lack of care respect and the fact that they just really don't seem to know what they're doing. Doctors are giving meditation that isn't even on systems or hasn't been given for over 3 years instead of giving the right medication. And there's not complaints department, thats why am putiing it o here Takes them a week to do life-saving Medications argues with you when it comes down to the specialists given medication, having to then fight for that medication.Because they don't think it's the right one disgusting surgery.I will be taking this further as there is no complaints department. What they don't seem to understand is that they are messing with people's lives because of them.My son has been in hospital multiple times because of their neglect.My son has additional needs what come with physical health issues, what can be life-threatening And they just don't seem to care i will not be recommending this surgery to anybody.And I won't recommend anyone signing up.It's disgusting you will get treated disrespectfully, neglected

Author: Natalie Turner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Some of the reception team are ignorant and really don’t want to help you ( well get another job then because you’re clearly not a a people person ). The nurses and mental health nurses are excellent, but the doctors themselves, which ever one, or all or them like to just say no. That’s it, they don’t want to hear you out , it’s just a no. I wanted my medication put up ( pregabalin), but the doctor just said no because it was the psychiatrist that put me on them ,so the doctor couldn’t. Well who the bloody hell do I go to then to get my tablets put up, they know I’m not with the psychiatrist anymore, so who the hell do I go to then if I can’t even go to my own doctor?. And my partner is on strong morphine and every single month without fail, they made him wait 24 hours before he could take his medication. He even explained why he needed it because he ran out Sunday tea time, so there for he needed it for Monday morning. He was asking if they would prescribe it Friday so he could get it on Saturday, ready for Monday morning ( he starts work before the chemist’s open and he can’t leave work till he finishes, so that leaves him 24 hrs ).It’s disgusting and a few more things have happened so because of all that we’ve now left and gone to another doctors, who by the way treat us both how we should of been treated in the first place.

Author: Valerie Gathercole
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Valerie Gathercole1 review5 months ago
