Practice: RIBBLETON MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81184
Postcode: PR2 6RD
Google Maps title: Ribbleton Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ribbleton+Medical+Centre/@53.7778509,-2.6625323,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487b73cb7e595fd1:0x824b8864b8368a20!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b73cb6a62d675:0xfccb0180df22a467!8m2!3d53.7778478!4d-2.659952!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdy_hq5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81184-ribbleton-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Brittany Ward
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 2 stars
Jennifer murphy doctor has cancelled my smear twice, firs time I arrive at the appointment she said she couldn't do it as it wasn't exactly a year from the last time I had it, which is fair enough however she went ill reschedule you to the 21st of march I will work extra for you but I am going on a day out so I will have to attend later its now coming close to that appointment she has now cancelled it, which I find a joke because she is going out. my previous smears have come back with cancerous cells and she's rescheduling each appointment because she's going out - I find the reception staff lovely, however since I have moved to this doctors its a joke! this isn't something you should be picking and choosing when you can be bothered doing the appointments!

Author: Eunika Piórkowska
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Disappointed to find factual inaccuracies in my son’s medical notes following our appointment. Important details were recorded incorrectly, which is concerning.

Author: II Zenity II
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My father went in because his throat had swollen up and he couldnt eat or breathe properly. The doctors dismissed him saying there was nothing wrong with him. It ended up being throat cancer which then developed into something a lot worse, this couldof been identified but the docotors here ignored my dad asking for help. He has now passed. I have also gone in numerous times about my back pain which these doctors have dismissed me so many times, not believing me when im telling them im doing physiotherapy etc. This place has the worse doctors known to man. Dont go here. Im changing to another place because of how unprofessional they are.

Author: Elaine OK
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just changed to Ribbleton Medical Centre and I am so pleased I did, the receptionists are so helpful and polite, I can now access my Medical records, can also see an actual Dr rather then just a phone call, also feel that I am listened to.

Author: Katie Riddoch
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The admin & medical staff have been super lovely, friendly and helpful, from my experience! Would definitely recommend (for an adult, or child!). Thank you!

Author: Harkesh Modashia
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The diabetic specialist is not what he claims ignored my diabetes. I am diabetic of 31 years and felt his knowledge is limited to textbook and prescription writing alone

Author: Roy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a great doctors surgery, reception are polite and courteous and do not make you feel at ease and try their best to be accommodating when booking an appointment. The doctors are kind, polite and empathetic when attending appointments. You feel you are their priority and they have the time to listen to your health problems. A first class doctors surgery. Keep up the amazing work and thank you.

Author: Tory Leah Jenkins
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tory Leah Jenkins8 reviews11 months ago

Author: Catherine Sweetlove
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This used to be the best doctors surgery, yet now all they want to do is take you off medication that actually works and then try to blame myself for mental health problems like depression. I can honestly say that if I could afford private care I’d go for it….. I stayed away from doctors for around 10 months, as I felt like I was an hypercondriact, and now I wish I’d have kept on there case. I feel so low and disappointed as I always felt that I had a doctor who cared but now things have changed for the worst.

Author: Eunika Malak
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a very disappointing experience at Ribbleton Medical Centre. After waiting 45 minutes with my autistic child, the doctor barely examined him. Despite his massively swollen tonsils, a body rash, and the fact that his brother was diagnosed with strep throat, they refused to do a throat swab—just saying, ‘It’s viral.’ No effort was made to properly check him. The doctor didn’t listen to his chest, didn’t check his oxygen levels, and dismissed my concerns about his symptoms. It felt rushed and careless, which is especially frustrating when dealing with a child who struggles to communicate. I expect a much more thorough approach to care.
