Practice: CLAYTON BROOK SURGERY
Canonical code: P81180
Postcode: PR5 8ES
Google Maps title: Clayton Brook Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clayton+Brook+Surgery/@53.7119814,-2.6404814,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b73338f900247:0xe15c0ddecdc63577!8m2!3d53.7119783!4d-2.6379011!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thr6qcy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81180-clayton-brook-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mila Sunflower
Date: 9 hours ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely unacceptable. The doctors here are shockingly unprofessional, condescending, dismissive, and even mocking toward patients. It’s honestly insulting. The only redeeming part of this place is the reception staff, who are genuinely kind and helpful, but that’s where the positives end. Trying to get an appointment feels like a joke, nearly impossible. And when you finally do get one? You’re rushed through like you’re an inconvenience, barely given the time to speak. On top of that, GPs are consistently running 30/40 minutes late with zero regard for your time!! The only people who seem to actually care are the trainee GPs, who are attentive and compassionate. To make matters worse, when I asked to escalate an issue, I was told by reception that all management were “away at the other surgery.” Completely unhelpful and dismissive. This place is a mess. Avoid at all costs. I’ll be changing surgeries immediately.

Author: EVA
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
appointment today with Dr Akut. He was absolutely fantastic. Very thorough, friendly, didnt rush, refered me to all places i needed to be refered to, really pleased with today's visit. The young girl at reception was also lovely

Author: Julie Shorrock
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible rude receptionist carol made appointment said doctor would call at 4 pm 4.30pm came no call rang doctors to be told they will call before 6.30 on a friday no call rang and was closed .had to call 111

Author: David Yeaman
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am bucking the trend myself and my family have been at the Surgery for over 40 years and 90% of the time the service has been good I do agree that the reception staff should show a bit more empathy towards the patients and perhaps answer the phone quicker my wife waited 20 mins one evening whilst being number one in the queue. Praise to Charlie and Dr Akut for there help with my 3 year old granddaughter who was blue lighted to Preston a week past Thursday, wife rang concerned and Charlie managed to fit her in after speaking with Dr Akut

Author: kathryn green
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am not at all surprised by the rubbish reviews. Particularly where the elderly are concerned I have found that when care home residents need anything they are made to wait a ridiculous length of time for any medication. To be fair I have found the receptionists helpful whenever I phone but, one female member of staff in particular I have found lazy, rude and extremely uncaring. Its time the surgery looked closely at their lacklustre performance.

Author: Mike Lyons
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible place can never get answered by phone, this morning the wife has been on the phone since 10am and still no body has answered although she is at number 1

Author: John Prescott
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely Staff - particularly Megan and Emma. Both extremely helpful in every way.

Author: Connor Maunson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely pointless doctors, underfunded and never any appointments, do not recommend

Author: Stuart Stansfield
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctors are fantastic never had a bad experience in 20 years of being a patient there As for the receptionist who thinks she's a doctor and withholds prescriptions to ransom for her power trip, well if you worked for me you'd be in the dole qué . . . Outrageous behaviour for a professional team member representing the NHS

Author: Angela Wallbanks
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Bloods had been taken and the surgery had been given the results at approx 3pm ... obviously didn't get looked at till the next morning - so 17 hours later the care home were advised to ring 999 as thought patient (89 year old) had Sepsis infection so ended up being blue lighted to hospital !! Extremley poor service and very much lacking in duty of care. Dr prescribed antibiotics without seeing patient. Lack of staff within practice. Took to long to get prescriptions done so consequently went for 3 days without medication. Went into the surgery to complain and waited there only to be told there was no one I could speak to and was given a telephone appointment for the next day .. they did not ring me back when requested/advised me they would ring me back. In the 5 months my Dad was with this surgery. Would NOT RECOMMEND this surgery. Does not deserve 1 star. Total lack of compassion this surgery fails it's patients and should be reviewed by CQC
