Practice: RICHMOND MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81182
Postcode: BB5 1RT
Google Maps title: Richmond Medical
Google rating: 1.5
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Richmond+Medical/@53.7523236,-2.387387,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sRICHMOND+MEDICAL+CENTRE+BB5+1RT!3m8!1s0x487b98d6c3a3be25:0x5284996125ae62ae!8m2!3d53.7523205!4d-2.3848067!9m1!1b1!15sCh9SSUNITU9ORCBNRURJQ0FMIENFTlRSRSBCQjUgMVJUWiEiH3JpY2htb25kIG1lZGljYWwgY2VudHJlIGJiNSAxcnSSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NsaW5pY5oBI0NoWkRTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VSbWQwbFFSMFJCRUFF4AEA-gEECAAQQg!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9ttcf1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81182-richmond-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: CRISTIAN Rosu
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
CRISTIAN RosuLocal Guide · 6 reviews · 8 photos3 months ago

Author: Rohan Naqui
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called at 8 in the morning as they advised to be met with we are fully booked can never get an appointment don’t waste your time, worst practice of all time, feels like you’re ignored and never get an appointment. Strictly avoid!

Author: Sana Akram
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sana Akram1 review5 months ago

Author: Sajid Mehmood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sajid Mehmood4 reviews · 4 photos7 months ago

Author: Lee Spencer
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking Doctors surgery can't ever get an appointment unless u run the gauntlet of phoning in 8am and if u do get through 2 claim the lottery prize of seeing a doctor it's never 1 u have see before and u can only ask about 1 problem per lottery win terrible reception staff as well Overall AVOID IT

Author: Leah Walker
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting reception staff who illegally try to diagnose a patients problem over the phone. They are not medically trained to do so. They also are rude and bring this doctors surgery down massively. Reported to cqc!

Author: Christine Hancock
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to get some medical advice from this centre, last week when we were on holiday nearby. Number 2 in the queue for 45 minutes, then moved to number 1, after a further 45 minutes, we gave up. Absolutely shocking service. Received help from Darwen Treatment Centre, who l have given 5 * for their service.

Author: Fritz Fantom
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
We were treated were respectfully and professional prompt on time. Can't agree on the previous comments. Have been there already 2 times.

Author: Conor Hibbert
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Already reviewed at 1 star in the past but only got worse since then too. The other day I was 3 minutes late to an appointment I had to argue for weeks to even get booked because of the incompetent receptionists not listening to my problems, only to be told the doctor had left at 4pm, half an hour before my appointment was even scheduled. The rude staff then tried to blame me for being late when they had no intention of seeing me anyway. Today, I turn up 15 minutes early to counter it just to be left waiting for over an hour to be seen by a mental health practitioner who did nothing to help the situation, they just tried to pass me back off to a service that started my details being passed around therapists like a carousel of counsellors who never do anything to help. This GP is useless. You can barely ever get an appointment, most of them get cancelled anyway without you being contacted, and when you ask for help they will literally put the phone down on you. This GP office is more than likely operating as simply a front to drain money from the NHS than it is to be operating as a doctors office. You don’t get help in this building, you’re lucky if you get any treatment, and if you raise any concerns or issues with their complaints procedure the staff, doctors included, continue to verbally abuse and berate you for simply experiencing the problems they create. After two years with this gp and constantly declining physical and mental health in that time, I’ve managed to see a doctor twice. I’m on suicide watch and their only option of getting me any help was mindsmatter, a service documented for not being qualified to help with serious mental health issues only offering basic talking therapies. They offer me one medication that should work, then a week later offer something incomparable that has no chance of even working. I have had enough of asking for help and getting nothing back. Edit; they’ve also refused to carry on with my previous GPS regular heart checks to try and find the underlying issue to my heart issues, told me I’m too young to have heart issues despite my dead dad being disagnosed with chronic heart disease at a younger age than I am now, and he died from it. Instead, they gave me meds that you aren’t allowed to take with the condition my previous gp was investigating. This means the mental health meds I was promised were taken away, I got given something less effective as an anti depressant and more likely to add to the severe stomach issues they’ve already caused me by leaving me on gastro resistant pain meds for years instead of helping find the root cause of that problem too. If this is a legitimate NHS Trust General Practitioners office, there is no hope for the NHS it’s already dead.

Author: David Forrest
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Totally useless
