Practice: PARCLIFFE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81150
Postcode: FY8 2EP
Google Maps title: Parcliffe Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 80
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Parcliffe+Medical+Centre/@53.7547091,-3.0334783,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b41bb39e5cb69:0xefa197c84c58b426!8m2!3d53.754706!4d-3.030898!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fn51__vt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81150-parcliffe-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: TheFoxFan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Failed to authorise my prescription after a week leaving me without controlled medications for chronic pain conditions and mental health conditions. Have to call NHS 111 now for emergency dispense. They have a stigma against anyone using Tramadol and are actively harming patients who take it by withdrawing it or trying to set up bureaucratic nonsense to make you jump through hoops even when the medication has been prescribed by both their own GP service AND a specialist. Their system always tells the wrong date to order then they gaslight you by saying you’re over-ordering when their Patient Access system is spitting out wrong dates. It’s a constant battle to get my medication every two weeks and as a chronically ill person I’m exhausted by this. I’m going to lodge a formal complaint over this because you can’t play fast and loose with people’s health and safety. Controlled medications have brutal consequences when stopped out of the blue, and without my mental health medication I’m unable to remain stable and control issues with rage, emotional dysregulation, and self harm. I feel mistreated and neglected by the NHS and having a diagnosis of BPD means I am treated with disdain by the medical profession anyway. I’ve lost all hope of getting better now from my chronic conditions and have sought to manage what I can with medication and attend therapy where possible and that’s all I can do.

Author: Chris_h _
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
2☆ for the friendly nurses. However you can never see the same Dr, have to phone at an exact time in the morning (running a business makes that very difficult), then get put in a que where you can wait 45mins and get from No.27, down to No.2 and then back to No.11. If you get any call they don't leave a message, so you get zero chance of finding out what it was for. Dr's mainly act like you somehow owe them something and are wasting their time, when I work very hard to pay for a fair few of their wages in tax myself. My time doesn't matter though, they'll waste that happily all day. I realise its a tough job but it seems they'd be better going private (if good enough) as I've had to after years of struggling with Parclifffe.

Author: Graham Taylor
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I phoned up yesterday, spoke on the phone, and was offered an appointment a few hours later, saw the associate doctor ,he was very caring and understanding ,i couldn’t have wished for anything more from him, he throughly explained everything to me , many thanks to him and the surgery

Author: Ana N.
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
The system for booking appointments has changed completely. It is now impossible to book an appointment at 8 a.m. — the call is simply cut off when the queue exceeds 30 people. The automated message is recorded in a pushy, annoyed female voice. The whole experience of getting through to reception has become very unpleasant. Fortunately, the surgery staff are still very helpful and friendly and do their best to fit patients in on the day.

Author: Reginald Gill
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reginald Gill2 months ago

Author: Taylor Edwards
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most doctors have dismissed me and haven’t bothered to help. The ones who did are no longer there or always unavailable. Tried to make an appointment this morning sat on the phone for 1hr 25 for the phone line to go “sorry we can’t take your call” and hang up.

Author: Graham C
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The phone system is just a shambles

Author: Dennis Duignan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
At a time when the NHS is regularly maligned, I'd like to provide some balance. I had a great experience with Parcliffe surgery today, starting with the phone-back facility for booking an appointment; an understanding, pleasant and caring receptionist; and a personal, informed, reassuring and pro-active appointment with Dr Tumminaro. Thank you to you all. You have a very satisfied patient.

Author: Melissa Hillier
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Recent interaction with the surgery on behalf of my relative has been brilliant - appointments offered on the day, polite and helpful reception team and lovely doctors. With so much negativity (often unsubstantiated) in the press re GPs, credit where credit is due to the Parcliffe team - you're doing a great job.

Author: Teddy Thomson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor. Uninterested doctor. Waste of time. 1 out of 10.
