Practice: IGHTENHILL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81165
Postcode: BB12 0HL
Google Maps title: Ightenhill Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ightenhill+Medical+Centre/@53.7928154,-2.2683769,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b97486d576b53:0x1318865c102fc4d5!8m2!3d53.7928123!4d-2.2657966!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ydpcnpqm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81165-ightenhill-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Pauline Hopkins
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well looked after

Author: julie wilkinson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Big pat on your back guys. I filled online triage form out within 10mins I got an appointment. Excellent work really appreciate it.

Author: leroy entwistle
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting service. Wait over 2 weeks for a phone appointment at 1.p.m. when I finally receive the phone call it was at 5.30 p.m. I missed the call and was left 2 seconds of mumbling, which I assume was the doctor. My wife has had multiple issues with this surgery. Not listening and misdiagnosing problems. She once had a face to face appointment, only to be told on arrival that it was a phone appointment. £8 in taxi fares wasted there. When you finally get a face to face appointment, he just starts tapping away at his computer. Probably googling your symptoms, because he doesn't have a clue!

Author: Stacy Grech
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
For weeks months ive been ringing to get an appointment 2 visits to out of hours because I have abcess that keeps coming back rang this morning explained the abcess back I have changes in my nipples were the abcess is and still can't get seen by doctor honestly this doctors is an absolute joke they also put ya on meds ya not ment ta take they dont look at ya notes they just persume ive already had words with manger in past for all their mistakes and still they can't pull there finger out and give ya an appointment honestly if you need medical attention your gonna be dead before you see any of there doctors if anything goes wrong with this abcess I'm blaming you cause I've rang up loads and got no where no wonder people are dying honestly ya not a surgery your an absolute joke ....... I will say this though the nurses and the blood nurse and sarah on reception are absolutely lovely always do the best they can It's ashame the rest dont live up to there expectations.

Author: Victoria Williams
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant Practice, Doctors, Practice Manager the all team. I contacted the surgery and was prescribed some antibiotics for my elderly mum last week for a UTI by Dr Jawad. The doctor organised this, sent the prescription and I picked them up with such ease. Mum was started on the antibiotics within 2 hours of me contacting the surgery. Dr Jawad was very understanding and caring and arranged the appropriate treatment straight away. Great treatment as always.

Author: tracy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great experience for mum. Dr was outstanding,reception staff extremely helpful nothing too much trouble.

Author: Sarah
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, Receptionist are really helpful and go above and beyond. Practice manager is fantastic, The Dr's are great, Dr jawad who has been dealing with my grandads care has been amazing and thorough couldn't ask for more.

Author: evie ormerod
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you enjoy being dismissed whilst your health spirals, this is the place for you✨ The receptionists have more medical insight and people skills than the actual clinicians. You wait upwards of 3 weeks to be heard only to be met with administrative tennis, confusion & indifference to the point you feel utterly demoralised by the end of the call. If I could rate 0, I really would. I never leave reviews but this place is absolutely comical and it was needed.

Author: Helen Smrt
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors dont listen ,they don’t care, they just want you out the door asap Male Nurse told me on 2 different occasions I had HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE, worried sick!! Got appointment with doctor 17 days to wait!! only to be told that my blood pressure is normal, When I question this, he said you can see it on the screen!!!

Author: peter brennand
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Cannot fault doctor Iqbal and her staff always responds when I ring and get attended to same with my husband we are both disabled
