Practice: ROSEGROVE SURGERY
Canonical code: P81197
Postcode: BB12 6HY
Google Maps title: Dr S Hebden - Rosegrove Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 51
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+S+Hebden+-+Rosegrove+Surgery/@53.7892132,-2.283398,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b975afaf30505:0xacd8f38cbd96c209!8m2!3d53.7892101!4d-2.2808177!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tzvw2vt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.25
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81197-rosegrove-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Joyce Simon
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wish to thank Dr Mark for his kind understanding of my husband’s situation, Barry Simon. His telephone call gave me confidence to handle my frustration with the very scary situation a doctor put me and my husband in yesterday. Many thanks Dr Mark for your real doctor’s help. J. Simon.

Author: i4- Tech Ltd
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice has gone down hill over the last 18 months. Was on hold 1st in the queue for over 25 minutes only to be told no appointments. Some of the staff are rude and have a couldn't care less attitude.

Author: Fuzzykatgti Playingitsafe
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I nipped in the other day and spoke to Debbie one of the receptionist. She was on the phone and I was more than happy to wait as I could see she was on her own and busy. Debbie was very friendly and polite and she helped me with two problems I had. I left feeling happy and satisfied with the service I received. Thanks Debbie!

Author: Anne Gregson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I visited the practice today for a blood test (not my own practice). Albeit extremely busy, the receptionist could not have been more friendly and helpful. The nurse conducting the blood test was understanding of my worries, explained everything I had questions about and advised me of expected timescales for my situation to be handled and when I should be contacted. Honestly, so very pleasantly surprised.

Author: Daniel John
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Has to be the worse surgery in Lancashire doctors changed week by week DR Hebden is never there .your constantly fobbed off .only good thing is the reception staff

Author: Maddie Wood
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been going to this GP since I was little but more recently the receptionists and GP’s have become so rude and dismissive of everything. Receptionists in particular have become lazy and lie about everything or just give complete false information.

Author: Sherill Clark
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery has always been amazing with me ,the receptionist, so kind ,helpful and caring ,the practise nurses too, I saw 2 doctors in particular ,1 has left the surgery and will be so missed .They listened and so helpful never felt afraid to go to surgery,had confidence enough to go and know I would get help,Lovely staff ,I thank them all ,Now seeing new doctor sometimes I hope it continues as I get so anxious .

Author: Gwen Booth
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
All I can say, is I ain’t biased the doctors and staff are friendly help how they can, but DR Hebden, what a guy, I literally have been so up and down with an injury I’ve been rehabbing for a while now, every time I’ve have dealt with him, he’s listened, he’s genuinely listened, all I have seen from him as a professional, Is that he is actually still one of the guys who cares, he’s courteous kind a genuine helping hand, I can definitely recommend, even if you don’t end up completely sorted and end up with the outcome you wished for , he literally puts “himself” on the line to help anyone out, wouldn’t ever want a different GP!

Author: --
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My Grandparents, my parents, me and my siblings have come here for years, when it was Dr Seavers. Since he left however the reception staff have become increasingly disrespectful. They lie, they ignore you, they are unbelievably rude to you over the phone going as far as loudly yawning.In particular the two male receptionists are egregious and need to be fired. If I spoke to customers in my job in the same manner these receptionists speak to patients I would be immediately fired. They for months lied to me about my hospital records not being available to them, they told me letters my consultant sent weren't being received by the surgery, they couldn't access blood results blood pressure etc etc. Upon speaking to the GP in person, I found this was totally false, and the receptionists simply couldn't be bothered to access my records. Due to this, my monthly visits to my consultant who changed my medication dosages regularly, I haven't been on the proper medication because the GP's administrative staff haven't read any letters or accessed my medical records to adjust my prescriptions. Not only are they rude, they are neglecting their patients to the degree where they are putting patients in danger. The GPs at this surgery are as always fantastic, and are always extremely helpful, however the receptionists and administrative staff are criminally and dangerously poor

Author: Adam Sumner
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling, no wonder the surgery has such bad reviews. Left a pregnant woman waiting 4 days for sickness tablets, then when a midwife called to complain to the doctor and advise them what to prescribe, they end up prescribing a different medication to what the midwife advised which doesn't have any affect. On the day before a bank holiday weekend. Initially refused to prescribe anti sickness tablets but in the next sentence advised to go to a pharmacy and get something from over the counter. How can you treat a pregnant woman like this?
