Practice: THE CLAYTON MEDICAL CTR.
Canonical code: P81218
Postcode: BB5 5HU
Google Maps title: Clayton Medical Centre Dr K M Hewitt & Partners
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clayton+Medical+Centre+Dr+K+M+Hewitt+%26+Partners/@53.7743988,-2.3865096,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b993715677ba5:0xc6a4df901c33c69!8m2!3d53.7743957!4d-2.3839293!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc76gmww?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.167
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81218-the-clayton-medical-ctr.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matt Fitzsimmons
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
A complete disgrace of a surgery, the staffs attitudes are awful and don't care. On 2 occasions now they have told my mum she had cancer and she doesn't so they clearly can't read blood results properly

Author: Lynne Raszler
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I rang this morning as I was having an online problem with the surgeries app and spoke with a receptionist called Amanda, she was very knowledgeable and helpful, she answered all my questions and quickly sorted out all my issues.

Author: Amanda Whalley
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking service ,most staff extremely unhelpful and very high change over of staff , can’t get appointments for over a month to speak about bloods ect , constant battle to be seen , very sad as it use to be a good surgery

Author: Maria Patefield
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient at this surgery for almost 40 years but recently the service has been appalling. I had to make a complaint earlier in the year when I received a referral letter meant for a 17 year old boy and I am sure that he got my referral which is a blatant breach of GDPR. I then had to chase up a response only to be told they'd 'forgotten' to send the reply back to me. This week I requested a phone appt which was scheduled for today before noon. Whilst sitting in the hairdressers yesterday I was called by a GP but obviously couldn't take the call. My appointment was then cancelled so I had to contact the surgery yet again who confirmed that I would be contacted today before noon, I wasn't! I contacted the surgery today who said I was on the list to be contacted before noon even though it was now afternoon. Im still waiting so have submitted yet another letter of complaint. This surgery in short is absolutely crap!

Author: dave james
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Have had to get emergency prescription from 111 as its took 3 requests for them to put my creon in as a result ive not ate in days and have suffered multiple low and high blood sugar events . Dianne at prescriptions is gettion on a bit and is obviously missing things as something has been missing every order. Doctors are good but if you want medication that keeps you alive find another surgery thats prescription sender isnt medically negligent. Have also been waiting 8 days for insulin needles the pharmacy have just told me hasnt been requested despite me asking for them so looks like another 111 emergency prescription tomorrow.

Author: A S
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had any issues with Dr Khans practise. All issues always been taken seriously and treated with kindness. All staff are friendly and approachable:)

Author: Rebecca OBrien
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling attitude from the receptionist’s and very ignorant, even when the matter involves a 3 year old child and being pregnant (the recommendation from the early pregnancy unit was to call them and the receptionists just dismissed me and advised me to fill an online form and someone would be in contact within 3 days). Over the course of 3 encounters now, I have found them extremely unhelpful and uncooperative. If you’re thinking of registering for this practice, please look for other surgeries.

Author: tracey farrington
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery still closed from Covid we are now in 2025, cannot gain access past the first door unless you have an appointment second door is locked, surgery is no longer taking any telephone appointment requests all have to be done online, how are elderly supposed to do this if they can not access or use a computer phone or tablet to book. Appointment requests are triaged by reception in regard to medical need or whether you need an appointment. Contacted CQC/ ICB to forward complaint. This is why A and E are at crisis because no one can get an appointment

Author: Janet Walker
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is spot on I have never had a problem getting an appointment they are fast efficient and polite . I and my partner have recently needed referrals mine was done the same day my partners were done within a week and he was seen and scanned within 3 weeks the doctors are thorough and the reception staff help unlike some I have had to deal with at other surgeries.

Author: Jenna Clemance (Jenna)
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent doctors, very best in area
