Practice: EXCEL PRIMARY CARE
Canonical code: P81208
Postcode: WN8 9BW
Google Maps title: Excel Primary Care
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Excel+Primary+Care/@53.5435575,-2.8063743,13z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sEXCEL+PRIMARY+CARE+WN8+9BW!3m8!1s0x487b1084b46069b1:0xf0cfc9d0e55598dc!8m2!3d53.5383779!4d-2.7587992!9m1!1b1!15sChpFWENFTCBQUklNQVJZIENBUkUgV044IDlCV5IBGWZhbWlseV9wcmFjdGljZV9waHlzaWNpYW7gAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1vjdplrk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 4
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81208-excel-primary-care.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stage Spotlight
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
While I understand that repeat prescriptions are expected to be ordered 7 days in advance, the surgery’s current opening hours of 8:30am–12:30pm make this extremely difficult for many patients. It is often not possible to call during these hours, and when I do manage to call, I am frequently left waiting on hold for a very long time before anyone answers. On this occasion, when I called to request that my prescription be put through as an emergency due to the circumstances, the member of staff I spoke to responded by saying, “Well you do know you’re meant to order it 7 days before.” Baring in mind that i did call 7 days in advance but couldn’t get through as the line was too busy and obviously it is closed on Saturday and Sunday so to have the assumption that I never when you don’t know whats going on in peoples lives is not on. I found this response to be unprofessional and dismissive. I was already aware of the policy, but the issue is that the limited opening hours and long waiting times make it very difficult to manage prescriptions smoothly. I would appreciate it if this feedback could be taken on board, both in terms of staff communication with patients and the accessibility of the prescription ordering system. Patients should feel supported when they are trying to resolve an issue, rather than made to feel criticised. I hope this can be looked into so that the process becomes easier and more patient-friendly in the future.
Practice response date: 4 days ago
Practice response:
Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback regarding your recent experience when requesting your prescription. We are sorry to hear that you found it difficult to get through to the surgery by telephone and that the interaction you had left you feeling dismissed. This is certainly not the experience we aim to provide, and we appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Your comments regarding staff communication will be shared with the team so that we can continue to improve the way we support our patients. We do ask that repeat prescriptions are ordered approximately 7 days in advance to allow sufficient processing time. However, we do understand that contacting the practice during busy periods can sometimes be challenging. For future requests, you may find it easier to order repeat prescriptions online via the NHS App which is available 24 hours a day and allows requests to be sent directly to the practice without needing to call. We value patient feedback as it helps us review our processes and improve our services. Thank you again for taking the time to contact us. Excel Primary Care

Author: Peter DD Bradley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My wife and I attended for our flu ‘jabs’ this morning - we were in and out within 5 minutes!! Excellent service from booking on the phone to receiving the injections! THANK YOU.

Author: Cecilia Fairhurst
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I heard what PM said about a Doctor in your pocket. Excel can't even manage to maintain the log in system which would help reception, as they use it like every other flat surface in waiting room to look very untidy with bits of paper stuck to it. I fail to see how Excel will manage A I as they seem vert haphazard about booking system I ask who I am seeing and between Reception and consulting room u am seeing a different person. I would end up with Doctors Nurses HCAs and Paramedics in my pocket The booking in system os broken. You press 1 to ger call back but that doesn't always happen. Excel reception appears to be permenanr chaos
Practice response date: 8 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback Cecilia, I have looked into your complaint regarding the phone system. We did call you back however your voicemail was on and no facility to leave a message to say we returned your call. I’m not too sure about your other issues however if this is pressing please contact the surgery and ask to speak with a manager who will be happy to discuss these with you. Thanks Excel Primary Care

Author: Radoslawa Perzanowska
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I got an appointment for today for a cytology test, I came with my child. I was on time and even before, I go into the office and the nurse says that she won't do the test today!!!!! I have to wait!!!!Very unpleasant experience, you have to wait a long time for each visit. With a child to the pediatrician for several months, who has been complaining of abdominal pain for several months and is only 2 years old!!!! Drama!!!
Practice response date: 10 months ago
Practice response:
We are sorry for you feeling like this was an unpleasant experience and as the nurse explained that your sample would be rejected as you are not due until September. The nurse also apologised for your wasted journey. The system recalls patients for cervical smears and due to the previous surgery’s data input you flagged us as due we have amended this now. Please can you contact the hospital admissions for your child’s appointments we are unable to see their booking system.

Author: kaitlin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang up and was waiting for a letter for exam arrangements. Rang up maybe 20 times over the span of 6 weeks, getting the excuse that “the doctor is out of office” for 6 weeks straight. All this just to get a message telling me I wasn’t being provided with the exam arrangements I was owed (I have ADHD) …. Waste of time and only maybe twice was there someone polite enough on the other end of the phone to ease my worries….. Appalling Not to mention getting a private concert by Oasis is probably easier than getting an appointment at this office.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Hi Kaitlin, we are sorry for your frustration. I have printed out a letter for you to present to school stating that it’s not a GP’s responsibility to issue these letters. Hopefully they can read this and take action themselves to support you in this. This will be at Mathew Ryder Clinic for you today. Thanks

Author: Pete Baker
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Pete Baker4 reviewsa year ago

Author: david andersen
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly staff and doctors … totally on the ball .compassionate and patient .cannot understand the negative comments on here …David

Author: Gayle Crompton
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Ridiculous. No pre bookable appointments so you have to ring at 8am. When you ring at exactly 8am, you’re put in a queue and it’s pot luck if you manage to get an appointment before they all go. If you try to get first in the queue and ring at 7.59, the phone lines don’t work. Worst doctors surgery around.

Author: Paul Elliott
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been a patient at this practice for over 50yrs and I’ve never known it be so poor. I completely understand that the demand outstrips there available resources but the attitude and demeanour of the staff on the phone lines is appalling. If you manage to get through to a actual human you’re spoken to like an inconvenience rather than a “customer” which is what we essentially are these days. I was sent for bloods and X-Rays over a month ago and when I called for the results (twice) I was told they didn’t have the bloods and I’d have to contact the hospital direct, and although my X-Ray was within “normal limits” I would need a follow up appointment, this would have to be arranged myself. Ultimately a 15min call with no outcome! The “service” provided was appalling and the staff need some training.

Author: Kelly Williams
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Is anyone actually able to get appointments? It's been months for me, even made a complaint to the NHS
