Practice: HIGHER HEYS SURGERY
Canonical code: P81699
Postcode: BB5 3BP
Google Maps title: Higher Heys Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 24
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Higher+Heys+Surgery/@53.7405863,-2.3970547,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b9f334467efdf:0xbd5e4af2dc212db5!8m2!3d53.7405832!4d-2.3944744!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fxxwltcc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81699-higher-heys-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Wendy Knight
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The surgery used to be brilliant but the system they have in place at the moment just doesn't work for some people. Ringing up between 8-9 and only 1 position open online for appointments. I've been trying to get an appointment for months but not allowed to use my phone until break 9.45. I don't know whether it's tendinitis or something else going on in my arm. I've been using a tube bandage and ibuprofen gel but now struggling with bending and straightening my arm and I can't afford to take time off. So here's an update, they can't do basic maths either. Asked for repeat prescriptions but denied. The problem was somebody thought I only took one a day instead of two. Please read people's files before denying them medication they need.

Author: Christopher Staniford
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
They literally have never ever once got my prescriptions right.always something missing.then I call and ask for the missing meds to be sent and they still don’t bother.due to this my mental health is in tatters due to constantly being on them then off them.will be suing

Author: Susan Barrow
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Susan Barrow1 reviewa year ago

Author: Andrew Berry
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly and efficient service. Appointment reminder was helpful. No problems getting in contact to arrange the appointment. Thanks.

Author: Livvy Prior
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been going since I was a baby. Lovely, friendly staff

Author: Margaret Walton
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't ever complain!!!!!

Author: Toni Astley
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Myself and wife Roma always get well looked after by all the Doctors at this Practice and the reception staff. I phoned at 8am and got an appointment for 9.20am same day to see Dr Bhat Senior always a friendly polite helpful doctor treated me over many years. The same goes for his daughter Dr Alya Bhat and locum Dr Pervez Mussaffer. Many thanks for all your help.

Author: Dominic Lang (Dom)
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Great GP l, couldn’t speak higher of her but the rest of the surgery has gone down hill massively, not sure there’s even a practice manager so the surgery is run (from my understanding) by a GP, receptionists are rude 70% of the time, can only get an appointment if you ring at between 8am & 9am but no guarantees, you can’t book an appointment for in the future. Midwives we saw we’re odd & acted like she was from war time. Avoid like covid.

Author: Mel Whitehead
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've heard a lot recently, people complaining about their GP practice - not me, this one should be commended. Wonderful service 👏 …

Author: Ethan hyatt
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I am on propondol for mental health issues besides ringing and talking to rude receptionists and being fobbed off with no straight answer I find this extremely frustrating. Dr bhat has always been a good doctor but the past year or so my prescriptions have never been at the chemist for when I run out of medication. My medication has severe side effects one of them being heart attack!!! I was on mitrazipine for a year or so and that was also the same issue I had to go without them some days or full weekends and it sent me over the edge even more. This makes my mental health 10x worse and I'm getting sick of starting medication to help me then being left with none, even after ringing up 3 times explaining they are running out and I need another box. They say Yeah that's fine your prescription will be there tomorrow.... And it never is. Even the pharmacist said to me he's forever chasing this surgery up for people for the exact same reason. I'm pretty tempted to fill out a registration elsewhere. Also your receptionist Emily is extremely hostile and rude on the phone. Forever being fobbed off its getting beyond a joke now. I have downloaded an app to request my medication if this doesn't work I will be registering elsewhere as I'm sick of it. It's making my mental health worse.
