Practice: DR ALI GUTTRIDGE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81685
Postcode: PR1 6LL
Google Maps title: Dr R.Ali Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+R.Ali+Surgery/@53.7695546,-2.6938902,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b736ffa348fbf:0x3cf7d3f727348e0!8m2!3d53.7695515!4d-2.6913099!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11jr_nrctt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81685-dr-ali-guttridge-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chinnapa Reddy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's like my Family Doctor taking care of my Family members at any given point of time & helps me in giving guidance according to the Health concerns. I am very Glad being a member in this Surgery.

Author: Malaika Kauser
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
For any new patients don’t waste your time by joining with this practice. I’m not one to usually write reviews, however this one is very much needed.This was my first time attending this medical centre. I have recently moved over to Preston as a student nurse. After contacting the surgery on multiple occasions to try and get an appointment for weeks I was constantly met with a rude receptionist who clearly lacked compassion, basic manners, respect and empathy. You would think that both the (telephone-weekday) receptionist and weekend gp would uphold the nhs values and have basic human decency to show some respect in the way they treat and speak to their patients. However this was not the case when I was finally able to see the doctor I was immediately told she can only deal with one problem and if I had another problem to book another appointment. The way I was spoken to, as if I was something off the bottom of her shoe.With no choice I began to discuss the most important issue. I made it clear that my health issue did not need to be seen by the AnE department and that this was something that simply needed to be investigated by having some tests done which the doctor could have easily arranged. Unless there’s a new rule where doctors aren’t allowed to request for the patient to have blood and ecgs done. Instead of showing any sort of compassion, understanding or empathy I was met with an extremely cold and rude response. I was repeatedly told that it just seems like anxiety/panic attacks and that this is what she would put down on the system as my diagnosis without any further tests, despite me repeatedly saying I know my body and I know that it is not what you are saying. The gp became rude extremely dismissive and said there is nothing more she could do. My question to that gp is how on earth can someone go into a job role which requires you to A have a heart and B show basic human compassion all whilst knowing you do not hold those skills/attitudes. It is crazy how a problem that the gp could have simply resolved by doing some basic tests ended up in me being told I just need to go to AnE and put more strain on them as if they are not busy enough dealing with more serious health issues. It’s doctors like these who cause more strain on the AnE departments by sending in patients who do not require AnE attention/ care. All in all I would avoid going here all together.

Author: Farhin Pathan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very bad experience today I booked appointment 12:30 when I reached gp staff said you haven’t any appointment today and other staff member said sorry I forget to book your appointment .this happens is not only one time before 4 time I have had bad experience specially staff .if your job for booking appointment how could you forget??? Unbelievable . Worse services with patients specially receptionist staff

Author: tia farrow
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I thought it was just me with these doctors until I read the reviews! I am not one to leave a negative review but my treatment from this GP is disgusting!!! I found I had a life condition and they didn’t even have the respect to ring and book me an appointment to tell me (found out through the NHS app) when I rang demanding an appointment to discus what it was! What was my future! They sent me a message with what it said on Google!!! Not even the consideration of a phone call in case I wanted to ask questions! I hardly go the doctors but recently I found a lump in my neck that has been there a good while but I feel they didn’t care felt it and said it was a lymph node and looked at me as if I was stupid!!! Then I go to the hospital to try get some answers and guess what a NHS doctor who works at this doctors who dismissed my lump again and practically told me it was fine! This is why people find out things to late who are young people bc doctors make you feel stupid just like the first time when they made me feel as though my periods was normal because some girls just have a “heavier flow” I know something was wrong and I was indeed correct and when I found out what I have wrong with me after going and going to push for answers they don’t even call me or give me an appointment to tell me!!! I had to find out on a bloody nhs app (btw once I seen it I waited a two week to see if they would call me about my results) but guess what I had to call them! This doctors has gone majorly down hill!! & if anyone knows how to report my experience higher up I would much appreciate it 😢

Author: Sarb Saini
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a appointment at 8am and i went there 10m before it was raining till 8:10 there is no one's came to open the doors really bad experience.

Author: Greeshma Nair
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
On multiple occasions ,have felt the worst attitude coming across from the receptionist. After an hour long of wait , just being spoken to so dismissively is heart breaking. Courteousness has to be two sided.Hardly on 2 ocassions over a period of 6 years have i seen the Dr. The onky reason i am still stuck with this surgery is Ms. PATEL, who has been absouletely amazing. Worst experience from this GP , and the receptionist need to respect the patients too. This place is not even 1 star.

Author: Nainesh Chhohan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Spoken to the Dr Ail Surgery receptionist on Friday 10th Oct around 9am, most awful service and she was most lazy get ever come across. Very unhelpful, you referred me to Liverpool hospital to see a specialist, they asked for more bloods to be done by you, but you refuse to follow up and respond back to the letter with the results, by looking at other reviews your front of house is letting your Surgery down its about time you take some action.

Author: Patel Saleha
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ohk so start with reception staff picking the call after 2 pm...the lady in morning so polite but after 2 pm I would not call at all. The way they talks to you just so disrespect.If someone calling it's obvious they'll or either there child is not well...atleast can talk politely not like always degrading or shouting...don't recommend this surgery at all.and yes I'll have option to give no star I'll give that

Author: tina cartmel
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Turned up for b12 injection with my elderly mum who has dementia for 1.30 appointment and to collect paperwork required for father's blood test to find surgery closed for staff training hope the training involves informing your patients of changes to appointments

Author: SAMCREE18
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Similar to Halima
