Practice: GUTTERIDGE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P81647
Postcode: PR1 6LL
Google Maps title: Guttridge Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Guttridge+Medical+Centre/@53.7694482,-2.6938575,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b726af74f853b:0xa460f928f752d453!8m2!3d53.7694451!4d-2.6912772!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c1vkqjq1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81647-gutteridge-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Olga M
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I would give it 0 if possible.

Author: Tasneem D
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the worst and most useless GP practice in Preston. I strongly advise people not to register here, and I genuinely hope it gets shut down. Doctors often fail to call for scheduled telephone appointments, and during face-to-face appointments they rush patients out of the door instead of properly listening or providing care. The doctors are extremely irresponsible — blood tests that were supposed to be completed were not done, and as a patient it should not be my responsibility to chase these things up, yet I was forced to do so. The reception staff are just as careless. On one occasion, a receptionist gave me someone else’s urine sample bottle without checking the label — completely unacceptable. When I needed important documents added to my medical record, this was also not done. Overall, this practice shows a serious lack of professionalism and concern for patient safety. I've now moved surgeries and I'm glad.

Author: Ambika Sah
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Rizwan, Thanks for helpful support. I appreciate his honesty and support for me in GP.

Author: Anita Tahir-Parker
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I switched to this GP in March and had my first appointment yesterday — and it will be my last. The receptionist was unfriendly and rude. With no self check-in screen, I had to speak to her, and it felt like I was an inconvenience. The doctor didn’t listen. I explained — twice — that I’d tried this medication before, from low dose to high dose, three separate times, with no improvement. He still prescribed it again, ignoring my concerns. I refused the prescription and left frustrated. I’ve already registered with a new GP further away but with far better ratings. Note: That 1 star goes to the receptionist that answered my call for an appointment a day before.

Author: Shaik
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shit service, they will make people wait almost an hour. What’s the use of giving appointments and after that they ask you to collect your prescription from the far away pharmacy!!!

Author: chinwe sunshine
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP so far as I'm concerned. The,doctors, nurses are top notch

Author: Philip Ottey
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
closes 20 minutes early!!! I was having an emergency at the time and needed immediate assistance. I arrive to find they had closed their doors earlier than stated!! disgraceful quite frankly. Luckily someone helped me get a taxi to the nearest practice open at that time. This is not right considering you're supposed to be helping people!!

Author: Barbara Barter
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is true the receptionists are like little gods who decide if they put on the list for a doctor to phone. You have to keep phoning to see if the doctor is going to call. Four times they did not bother putting my name down for a call and twice now after phoning I eventually got a call a few minutes before they closed and the receptionist happily pointed out that they are waiting to go home. They also appear to be physic they know who is calling without asking anything. I rarely go to the surgery as I have trouble walking. But it would be nice to be able to actually talk to a doctor and not a receptionist who seems to thing that they are so highly qualified that they can decide who gets a call and who is left by the wayside. I am being to wonder if they discriminate against elderly white females and don't think we are worth the time. This surgery use to be good but they have now sunk so low that only the receptionists run the place and it is their decision as to who can speak to a doctor.

Author: Yola K
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If your not of their race expect the worst. Disgusting behaviour from Dr R K yerra. Waited on an important letter for over 2 weeks because he was on holiday he gets back and has no clue what's happening. The old receptionist is always rude and unhelpful. Honestly let this review save you from wasting so much time with this surgery. I saw the rating and ignored it because it's close by but my biggest regret is joining this GP. Hands down the worst GP practice I've ever been to and I moved around alot. Receptionist all give you different answers, one day I call and they say you can't book appointments in advance You can only book on the day you want the appointment then called on that day and they said they were booked up for 3 days 😂. Just an example of the many bad experiences since being here. Disorganised dysfunctional.

Author: Umar Zaka
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic GP surgery. The doctors, nurses, and reception staff are all caring, professional, and efficient. Always had a great experience here. Highly recommend.
