Practice: NORTH SHORE SURGERY
Canonical code: P81681
Postcode: FY2 0JG
Google Maps title: North Shore Surgery
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/North+Shore+Surgery/@53.8486209,-3.0374567,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b4367e713881d:0xf798915254d3f50d!8m2!3d53.8486178!4d-3.0348764!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4wjksf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81681-north-shore-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: sean egan
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always found North Shore Surgery (NSS) to provide a good service. The reception staff are professional and efficient. The doctors are knowledgeable, understanding, and experienced. Thank you to NSS and to the NHS.

Author: clare Louise slavin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting treatment from this surgery , they treat you with little respect but demand it back My daughter as for the last 3 months been passed off regarding her skin and passed to nurses and gps ( trainee) and left with severe depression due to them not helping and just passing her off all the time. Made appointments via the GP herself after an appointment on the11th Feb and made for 1 weeks time (18th ) we turned up and they said it’s next week not 18th we had the card , My daughter stood there trying her best not to cry and the receptionist had no customer care what so ever , she said could do 11am as we was there , my daughter and I said we had other appointments to go too and was not sure and while we was trying to sort the receptionist let the appointment go ( or so she said ) My daughter stood there distraught as they have done nothing to help her all this time and now again left . ThisGP needs to be cqc checked urgent

Author: Amy Gaskins
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Good Morning, On Tuesday 16th September, I made an appointment for my daughter Àlora Smith due to her stopping breathing and not being herself. I was seen to by Dr Kosi Onuorah who checked over my 8 week old baby and informed me that there was nothing wrong and I was being over sensitive. She did not form observation on her other then temp and listening to chest which she confirmed was fine. I expressed I still didn’t feel something was right and was informed to “keep an eye on her”. Later that evening I got a phone call from the surgery saying that due to my daughter being under the age of 3 months I need to take her to the children’s assessment unit which yes I’m thankful for the referral but I’m also not happy with the fact I was informed by a trusted doctor there was nothing wrong. When arriving at the assessment unit my child was rushed into a room to be put onto oxygen and antibiotics due to being on a Sepsis pathway. I’d like to say that the Dr who seen my child has robbed me off and needs action taken on her own actions for dismissing a child who was severely poorly to the point she could not leave the hospital for further 5 days. The evidence I had on my phone of Alora struggling to breath and head bobbing was enough for the CAU to take action so why did your doctor not take action? Regards

Author: Garrison
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP in the UK.

Author: Simon
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always friendly and professional staff, from the receptionists to the nurses and doctors. Thank you for continually providing an excellent service.

Author: David Palmer
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I find it absolutely amazing that you pull North shore surgery out of extended access, that allows you to refer patient's for things that your clinic does not provide, just because it saves you money. I thought the idea of running a doctors was so you could provide a service to your patients that they require, seems it's more money focused than patient care.

Author: joy miller
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
joy miller1 review8 months ago

Author: LP
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
LPLocal Guide · 19 reviews · 4 photos8 months ago

Author: Renee Hickson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Carla and all the staff at North shore surgery are so polite and well organised. Always happy to help and solve any issues

Author: Jennifer Elle
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Looks like anyone can be a physiotherapist these days. Just print some exercises off, give as limited as possible advice and send the patient on their way. How anyone is expected to treat back and neck injuries alone with a print out and a ball is utterly beyond me. What next, self surgery? Does anyone actually help patients anymore?
