Practice: DILL HALL SURGERY
Canonical code: P81711
Postcode: BB5 1RT
Google Maps title: Dill Hall Acorn Centre Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 18
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dill+Hall+Acorn+Centre+Surgery/@53.7524612,-2.3874377,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b98d50ba09003:0x7c1458e5132cd435!8m2!3d53.7524581!4d-2.3848574!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tyt46?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.667
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P81711-dill-hall-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mark Coulson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jenifer is really helpful with letting the doctor know what I need to be telling him

Author: Sue Saxon
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was very apprehensive at joining this new surgery, after our fab experience at Ilex View in Rawtenstall, where we had been happy for many years. I had even started being part of the Patient Participation Group there. So after we moved house, we joined this " new" practice fearing the worst. Fast forward to 2025. We are so glad we moved. Even the fabulous reception girl came from Ilex View! How very God is that? And now we are getting our very own X Ray department & Minor Injuries Unit. ( just like Ilex View!) Merry Christmas 🎅 🎄 and happy new year for 2025

Author: Helen Aston
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Caring, compassionate and supportive The new GP (Dr Mc) at Dill Hall is the most wonderful Doctor my mum has had caring for her. Mum has complex heath needs and in order to avoid hospital admission whilst acutely unwell, her GP and community team cared for her in her own home. This fully supported mums request and advance care plans. The GP has continued to follow up her care whilst in respite and has the patience of a saint. We as a family are forever grateful, he's a true Family Doctor, quite a rarity these days. The reception team are also amazing and very supportive. We recognise how busy demand on the service is, so it has been wonderful for mum to get the care and support she so desperately needs.

Author: Jemma Dearden (SimplyDefective)
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Had the displeasure of attending with my other half. The appointment was rushed from the beginning, he was not listened to and the doctor just ticked through a questionnaire she found on Google, she turned around and said “yeah it’s normal”. He literally stops breathing in his sleep, I have to wake him up to get him to breathe, but apparently it’s normal! Happens to everyone! If nothing is done, I’ll make sure he follows the complaint procedure and then get him to put in a negligence claim. It was bad enough before when they were giving him antibiotics for anything and everything. I didn’t think it was possible, but it’s gotten worse and worse at this practice. Receptionist was lovely and really helpful though.

Author: Sarah Kenyon
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Why are these drs still trying to avoid seeing patients 2 years after Covid? Why does a certain receptionist have to be so rude and abrupt when you phone up? Why did they have to close the whole surgery for training on Thursday afternoon? Why do the Dr’s not listen to you or smirk when you finally get an appt, you are there as you feel you or a family member have a problem? Can someone advise me of a decent surgery locally?

Author: Sue Donlon
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist always polite and friendly, either on phone or at the surgery. Very helpful on all requests and got an appointment without too much wait. Dr Joseph was very helpful.

Author: Neil Williams
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
(Dr Bello) I simply cannot understand how inept this surgery is run, cannot get through on the phone. Only an hour window to request a repeat prescription (and they cannot even get that right), I use the app to order and have them sent to chemist (with that they either send it elsewhere or print it and forget about it). I don't think they understand we request medication because WE NEED IT, I just had to chase a prescription as the doctor had printed it and left it on his desk. Now looking for a different GP, as this is totally unacceptable. I also think a report to the GMB is in order, they seriously need a wake up call.

Author: xubidoo
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
Easy to walk in and make appointments, but actually seeing the Dr is a whole other matter, still in hiding like the last 2 yrs+

Author: Aisha Ahmed
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Trust my luck to get the rude and blunt receptionist AGAIN. Yesterday I spoke to my GP who told me he wasn’t going to give me any antibiotics for my throat infection/ tonsillitis (he can’t pin point what it is because they’re STILL not seeing people face to face). So last night we had some antibiotics delivered to our house which I was confused about as I was told I wasn’t getting any. I then rang the pharmacy and they told me my GP had prescribed them. I then rang the surgery this morning just to confirm they weren’t prescribed in error. I don’t want to be taking antibiotics or any medication if I’m not supposed to. The rude woman answered the phone sounding like she hated her job. I was halfway through explaining why I was calling when she interrupted me and asked for my name. She didn’t hear what I had to say entirely. I gave her all the relevant details. All she had to say was ‘if he has prescribed them then you’re meant to take them’. So I’m meant to take medication that I was told I didn’t need and that I shouldn’t be taking (as explained by my GP). This receptionist is so rude and the surgery is a joke. I am calling for my safety as sometimes mistakes are made so I was just trying to make sure I was okay to take them.

Author: Andrew Catlow
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Needs to retire no interest in what your trying to say.
