Practice: KILDONAN HOUSE
Canonical code: P82003
Postcode: BL6 5NW
Google Maps title: Kildonan House Medical Practice
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 500
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kildonan+House+Medical+Practice/@53.5947093,-2.5479563,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b09ae6c45f45f:0x719daf0942f8cf09!8m2!3d53.5947061!4d-2.545376!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdh3dc9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P82003-kildonan-house.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Pamela Olway
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I always have a good time at this doctors. The receptionists are particularly helpful even though they are very busy. Thanks everyone 😁 …

Author: Lynne Duckworth
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Lynne Duckworth1 reviewa month ago

Author: Maurice Halton
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Although there used to be some very nasty people at this place, in recent years the doctors and nurses at Kildonan House Medical Practice are now professional, courteous, and very efficient.

Author: Christine
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
One Dr, Naveed Raman. Upset me a lot, he kept asking what the dates of my appointments were, I couldn't remember. He was losing his temper and shouting me down, this was about the 16th December. I wanted information about my thyroid functioning. He couldn't say really and I have difficulty understanding him. All I know is that the thyroid has grown, at one point he mentioned cancer which scared and upset me. I was in tears, this condition with my thyroid is exhausting, I can't think straight. My mind is foggy, my left eye aches and I'm very depressed right now. I'm not eating. "I'm not sure of the spelling of the Dr's name?" Dr Raman has made me feel as if I'm going to die soon. He has no patience with me, he's not interested in my problems at all. Therefore please allow me to see a Dr who cares next time. Preferably a lady if possible. Kind Regards, Christine Cronnolley.

Author: Deborah Watson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have no words to express my distress at the treatment I received on two separate occasions by (what sounded like the same ) woman who answered my phone call to Kildonan house in the mist of my medical emergency. I have bi polar and have a monthly script of quetiapine. It has run out. I called Kildonan house and explained that I urgently needed my quetiapine as I am bi polar and have run out of my script. I believe I also informed her that I had recently been assaulted by my flat mate and had left for the safety of Chesterfield where I live. I explained that I urgently needed the meds to be sent to a pharmacy in chesterfield. She said she could not help, but would refer me to a pharmacist. I asked for the pharmacists number. She refused to give it to me. She also refused to say when the script would be available. I asked her give me some indication as I needed to go to London to get an emergency passport. She said she could not help. I got agitated and my cousin took the phone, apologised and said I had been in and out of hospital and needed the medication. She said I believe that it may be ready that afternoon. I had to catch my train so could not wait. I phoned a few days later and asked that the script be sent to a London pharmacy. The lady who answered appeared to know the matter ( which is why I presume it is the same receptionist) . She flatly refused to help and said all I could do was get it from Peak Chemist in Chesterfield - where it had apparently been sent as some stage. I phoned Peak and within 5 minutes the kind receptionist had put my prescription “back on the spine” is the term I believe she used is. Which means I can get it from any pharmacy in the UK. Shame on you lady who was so rude, unsympathetic and unhelpful at Kildonan house. May I remind you that you are paid to do a job with my tax money, as well as the others you no doubt treat so badly. Thank you Peak pharmacy in Chesterfield- you are the bomb!

Author: paul davies
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
5 min wait and l was with the doctor

Author: Gareth Hill
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful, mess you around with repeat prescriptions with getting medication wrong or not sending them through to the pharmacy when needed leaving your health at risk possibly, Doctors “well mine” has to google symptoms to try and diagnose illness, Utter embarrassment to NHS…. Don’t join, I will be reporting them to the NHS England services! They don’t deserve 1 star but have to give 1 so a review can be left.

Author: Gareth Smyth
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful surgery. Poor communication, lack of accountability when there are issues and generally poorly managed it seems.

Author: Tommy Sweeney
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Zero stars if I could! I have never experienced anything like the treatment I have had from Kildonan House Medical Practice. I attended repeatedly with the same serious stomach symptoms over a long period and was told more than once that an urgent gastro referral had been sent when it had not. I later found out it was still not done, despite being assured it was. I had to chase by phone and email for months, was repeatedly promised call backs that never happened, and was given contradictory information by different staff members. The referral was only sent after many visits and a lot of pressure, by which point I had been left unwell and unable to eat normally without severe heartburn, sickness and constant bloating. When I raised a formal complaint about the standard of care and the lack of communication, I received vague responses that did not explain what went wrong or how it would be prevented in future. After I said I would take my experience to the press if I continued to get no response, I was telephoned by a practice partner who told me she was calling the police because she felt threatened by my email. In that same call I was told I was being removed from the practice list. I am still dealing with ongoing health issues and have been left without a GP because I raised concerns. I feel dismissed, ignored, and treated unfairly throughout this process. No patient should have to fight this hard to be listened to, and nobody should be removed from a surgery simply for complaining about serious delays and poor treatment. I would not recommend this practice.

Author: David Evitts
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been trying to get a prescription from this practice which was put together by ‘Bolton Diabetes Centre’ first they said they had not received this hence I went back to BDC to retrieve this request and took it by hand to Kildonian- the receptionist greeted me with ‘ Oh I’ve got a copy of this 🤪’ They then confirmed that I was getting a call from the duty doctor yesterday 5th Oct -this never happened!! I was due this injection yesterday ( but this doesn’t seem to matter !!) and confirmed this to Kildonian- I still HAVE NOT received the go ahead from Kildonian to pick up the prescription and am still awaiting a phone call from ‘The Duty Doctor’ to confirm this !! Never ever done a review in my life ! But I am helpless with this ‘ Situation’ Please can someone help me with’ this !! Absolutely Ridiculous state of affairs! David Evitts 6 Oct 25
