Practice: BEECH HILL MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: P92010
Postcode: WN6 7PD
Google Maps title: Beech Hill Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Beech+Hill+Medical+Practice/@53.5556058,-2.6467478,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b0f9f83d219a5:0x6949cf431523b5e0!8m2!3d53.5556026!4d-2.6441675!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgfw4zt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/P92010-beech-hill-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Daniel
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Had the displeasure of speaking on the phone with the rudest receptionist/secretary I’ve ever encountered, Bernadette. I spent years in customer service on the phones and if she was my worker she’d immediately be put on a performance plan. The amount of times she dismissed me, spoke over me and was blunt was unreal. She even lied on the phone and when I corrected her she got really defensive. It says a lot about the character of a person when they can act in such a horrid manner when the customer is being calm and patient. She’s a bully. I hope the practice manager at this practice can see this message and give words of advice to Bernadette, as I imagine I’m not the only one who’s raised bad feedback about her.

Author: Lisa Brown
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Lisa BrownLocal Guide · 68 reviews · 26 photosa month ago

Author: Shelley Halliwell
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Every 3 weeks its a battle to get my medication, I put it in early and get told that I have ordered too early, I put it in 2 days before its due and they tell me it will take 72 hours, currently sat waiting for them to issue it to get it delivered tomorrow im autistic have cptsd from childhood SSA and live with chronic back pain. If it isn't done in the next few hours I will be left all weekend in pain, its like they don't care

Author: Karen Bishop
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had severe sudden onset arm/shoulder pain for a few weeks not helped by over the counter analgesia- messaged ask my Gp stating in severe pain being kept awake at night- triaged by Dr Wilkinson who just referred me to physio- soonest appointment was 11 days later- didn’t seem to acknowledge my severe pain- so I complained that I wasn’t happy with this response and saw Dr Healy the same day who prescribed stronger painkillers and wanted an X-ray- mix up and delayed X-ray as form not completed correctly initially and sent back to Beechhill for correction- I kept physio appt- was told might be tendons- asked to chase up X-ray myself given some exercises to do Told I had to wait for cortisone injection- this was done a few weeks later( I wasn’t informed of the appointment date until I queried it with nurse reception) I had to contact physio myself for a follow up appointment a month later( due tomorrow) Also since been commenced on blood pressure meds- need kidney function tests took 3 weeks to make my own appointment at Thomas Linacre Centre Messaged GP today stating as I still have arm pain do they need to do any other blood tests whilst I have an appointment as none done since starting with arm pain ? to check if something systemic/inflammatory going on Triaged byDr Barton- who according to receptionist has classed it as non-urgent- with next phone appointment to discuss this being in October !! I said I’m not happy with this response so now I’ve just received a text message to contact GP alliance service It seems like this GP practice are not fit for purpose - I still do not have a diagnosis for my arm pain - no follow up /examination by any doctor and no bloods whatsoever asked for in relation to this pain Not good enough 😡!!

Author: Ninjinn
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Rude and very condescending front office staff especially at the nurse reception. They speak as if they know more than the doctors or nurses and have been known to undermine their instructions and authority. Out of laziness or incompetence, they will not actually leave messages for the medical staff even if it is important; they will make you wait to converse with someone at your next appointment. For those with anxiety, the nurse receptionist will make you feel that your own stressors are an inconvenience to them rather than empathize with you. Their booking system needs to be overhauled and modernized.

Author: Istvan Hadari
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Istvan Hadari2 reviews7 months ago

Author: Jac “Strawbebbies”
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would give zero if I could, had an ambulance out yesterday after suffering a massive panic attack, nearly blacking out several times. Recently lost my mother and having a difficult time grieving the loss, her funeral is today. They advised I get in touch with my gp and speak to a doctor immediately. Rang, the receptionist who answered was as rude as can, not a care just a blunt we've no appointments there's nothing I can do. Explained again that an ambulance had to be called I was so unwell. Can't I speak to a doctor for literally 5 minutes. "we're fully booked, I can't do anything" 24 hours later I'm sat here still suffering with palpations and the feeling of another panic attack creeping up. Guess what? There's no appointments today either.

Author: Jillian Simm
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
You've more chance of winning the lottery than getting an appointment at this place. Everytime you ask for an appointment it's triaged to a phone call appointment but there isn't any??? Have to wait 6 weeks for a call. You have to worry for 6 weeks to get abnormal results ??? Seriously how do they get away with this. Wouldn't mind but it's empty eveytime you go in

Author: Kathryn Fairhurst
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with the practice since I was a baby always been great until the last twelve months absolute shambles and don't care about how you feel no help at all. Rude staff will definitely be considering moving in next few weeks

Author: Joanne Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Can’t get appointment with a named GP, even when it’s mental health. Rude and disinterested receptionists. Nothing like the service used to be. Wouldn’t care but every time I drive past, no cars outside like in the past and more doctors listed than ever before! You could die waiting for an appointment! Ask for a GP and you get a nurse or physio!! I’m seriously thinking of paying to go private though it is against all my principles!
