Practice: TAY COURT SURGERY
Canonical code: S11058
Postcode: DD1 1PF
Google Maps title: Tay Court Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 148
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tay+Court+Surgery/@56.4591594,-2.9800227,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48865cc09eaeb553:0xbfdf1e0e1a4df9cf!8m2!3d56.4591565!4d-2.9774424!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v8x1rwq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11058-tay-court-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Katrina Dolan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Katrina Dolan2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Kayleigh
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Have being with this doctors for years and now you can never get threw to them on the phone even phoning bang on 8 if you do there is never any appointments left so why send a letter for my young child to phone and make an appointment very frustrating will be moving

Author: Colin Garbutt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Cannot get an appointment, can't get through on the phone and the online service does not allow me to register?

Author: Jane Thomson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jane Thomson2 months ago

Author: Claire
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Claire1 review2 months ago

Author: Isabelle
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The doctor I see here is great and probably one of the best I’ve seen. On top of that, there is a lovely receptionist who is always so kind, helpful and friendly to me.

Author: lou woollard
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I used to have a really great doctor here. But she retired a long time ago. This year I have required help for my physical and mental health and have been given inappropriate prescriptions, had symptoms ignored, and been invalidated and minimised. It's dangerous. Their system for making appointments, and their phone system in general has always been awful, they have changed it a few times, each time was just a new shade of awful. There are good doctors here, there are lovely reception staff. But the general treatment from GP to public, by the looks of the rest of the reviews here, on reddit and through talking to people living in dundee, is dangerously poor. Update- arranging an appointment this past week, and speaking to a doctor was really easy to arrange. The doctor I have been communicating with has been attentive and not once made me feel minimised and ashamed for having phoned. I can't say of this means the surgery is on an upward trajectory on a whole. But twice I have had no trouble making an appointment, i have been treated very well by reception and the doctor, so it feels like a shift change.

Author: Emma Robson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I’ve been with the GP for over 4 years now. The doctors and nurses have always been great with no issue at all with them. Reception was always a big problem with the no answer on the phone and massive queues. It’s clear they’ve put effort into fixing these problems and it’s better now.

Author: Ayush Nair
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ayush Nair1 review4 months ago

Author: C
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The service has never been great. Constantly calling over and over for an appointment for over an hour. A few days ago was the worst its been. The first hour was the usual try, hang up, try again. I finally joined the queue as number 20. I waited another hour and it hung up on me. I called again and rejoined. As number 20. At this point I requested a callback and a receptionist explained there were no appointments because there were no doctors in that day. This is something that could have been easily communicated with a recorded message at the beginning of the phone process to stop myself and others from wasting their time. I tried again the next day another hour and went down there. The receptionist, who was extemely annoyed at having to look up from her phone, pointed me towards a screen on the wall where I signed in myself and walked into an empty waiting room. Its unacceptable. People are ill, stressed and forced to jump through these insane hoops. The doctors and other medical staff are amazing in this place but you'd never know because of the rude receptionists and the insanely bad phone system. This has been going on for nearly a decade at this point. Sort it out!
