Practice: TAYBANK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S11128
Postcode: DD4 6EL
Google Maps title: Taybank Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Taybank+Medical+Centre/@56.4676786,-2.959404,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48865cf1cb2c954d:0xb6b3aef235047ac8!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTAYBANK+MEDICAL+CENTRE+DD4+6EL!3m8!1s0x48865cf03242f36d:0xa979d3093c732f39!8m2!3d56.4676966!4d-2.956882!9m1!1b1!15sCh5UQVlCQU5LIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIERENCA2RUySAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11dyzl6qgk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11128-taybank-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: James
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No change as of 2026......infact progressively worse. The receptionists at this practice are rude and make you feel like you are an inconvenience to their day. Poor communication and Appallingly managed. This has been like this long before covid came into our lives. 3 particular female receptionists are so dismissive and condescending that it really makes trying to get medical help stressful and occasionally makes you think twice about calling and having to face the Gestapo at reception..the practice manager is clearly an incompetent or else they are just as uncaring as the people they allow to work at the reception. It is disgusting that these women are allowed to conduct themselves in such a manner blatently abusing patients basic right to being treated with common courtesy and decency. They obviously believe they are above reproach, which is rather fool hardy considering each person they condescend and treat like a sub human inconvenience is only too well aware of exactly who they are. Each one of those ladies and especially the practice manager for allowing this conduct to go on for so long, should be investigated and removed. Looking at other reviews and knowing of actual complaints from family and friends on this very issue that have gone in make it very clear that there are serious mismanagement and staffing issues within that once great health centre. Sadly now it seems they are perfectly happy to allow these women at reception to treat sick and in need vulnerable people with disrespect and contempt. I for one have put a formal complaint into the scottish health board and will be taking matter as far as i have to , even if it involves the newspapers to have those receptionists and especially the practice manager, held accountable and hopefully removed from post for the consistant ongoing Appalling treatment patients are recieving . I have even had to change my name for this review in fear of spiteful repercussions from those receptionists as i have had such Appalling treatment from them in the past. The GPS present at this practice are not much better sadly, they too are dismissive, unsympathetic and have on numerous occasions failed to follow through on even the basic of communications. They seem reluctant to follow up or treat your concerns appropriately choosing to obsticate or deflect from doing any thorough investigation treating every prolonged ongoing illness as the patient over exaggerating. Not all but a good number of the GPS there are apathetic and uninterested past a quick Google search of your symptoms. They do not treat any ailment or need for medical assistance with any sense of urgency regardless of symptoms. There seems to be a general contempt towards patients. This has been experienced by more than just myself. I could name the main culprits on the practioner team but if you've attended this surgery you will be fully aware of who they are. It's long past time the health board acted on the numerous complaints about the running and conduct of this centre before they are the direct cause of serious health repercussions for a patient that could be easily be avoided with care, compassion, motivation and professionalism. Thankfully the nurse team at taybank are the light in the darkness there. The nurses are highly professional, approachable & caring. Sadly the rest of the staff at the practice are abhorrent

Author: Amanda Cowan
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
It is almost now when a doctor doesn’t know what to do with you they just keep referring you to other services and now you can’t bring up one issue yiur told to make another appointment for that as they are really sticking to their 10 mins i am lucky my doctor doesn’t. How ever the earlier part sticks im passing out almost on a daily basis and had every scan going but because they have come back clear all investigations have stopped now been shipped off to a dietitian like they will have the answers i have been referred to numerous people and they tell them they cant help not heard from my neurologist for months and months. So surely the GP should be looking into other ilnesses that wouldn’t show on these scans or back in touch with my neurologist looking at what the next steps I’m this has been going on for two years and i still have no answers but no one seems interested anymore apart from my CPN. I had asked my GP to give her a call which was promised would happen that week but 4 weeks later and still no call. I am at the end now as no one is listening and I can’t keep living like this.

Author: Patrick Morrell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Frist class

Author: Sufdar Hussain
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Met Dr Nairn today is not only a model professional but above all a lovely person. Thankyou for your care. A.H.

Author: Joyce Devlin
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been a patient at this practice for MANY years and have always found the doctors willing to listen and take appropriate action. The only person who can get blood out of me without too much fuss is Louise

Author: Patrick Morrell
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with this practice since the amalgamation and have been the best to my self and my late wife, Dr, Summers,Dr, Taylor, where and are exceptional in treatment they gave her, to myself I have no complaints, Doctor and staff do good job, well done to all.

Author: Derek Wood
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a good practice. Airways been treated fairly and with respect. Waiting times to see a doctor has increased but not any worse than other practices in Dundee

Author: Yadma Najm
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
You are the best. I am very happy with you

Author: KHOKON KHAN
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
KHOKON KHANLocal Guide · 2 reviews · 30 photosa year ago

Author: Tabby
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with this practice as long as I can remember it changed over time, Very rude and not understanding I struggled with my mental health for a long time as a teenager and was completely ignored, was even told “I wasn’t bad enough” by a Doctors as a 15/16 year old, this lead me too getting very unwell having to switch doctors
