Practice: COLDSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S11166
Postcode: DD3 8DB
Google Maps title: Coldside Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 99
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Coldside+Medical+Practice/@56.4758285,-2.9838196,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48865cdeab3bf52f:0xcc2e14a910973d67!8m2!3d56.4758256!4d-2.9812393!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wh4ffbs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11166-coldside-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: *
Date: Edited 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
😡😡😡😡This practice is a joke, reception are so rude , condescending and think they have medical degrees, Dr's dont give a dam as I was told the pain im in there's no more can be done and I'd have to live with it, I went with an ear infection which they told me there was nothing wrong with me after looking in my ears, so after another 4 days of pain and deafness I booked an appointment at the Perth boots hearing specialist as that was the quickest appointment I could get and turns out I had a really bad infection in my 2 ears, so had to go all the way to Perth for that, wouldn't trust these jokers with my dogs health wouldn't even trust them too pick up its turd, im never at dr I dont like to bother them but here we are again on a Monday morning after being on phone for 35 minutes and then told there's no appointments , this enrages me as I say im never at Dr I let things get bad before I phone for appointment and here again left with no appointment and excruciating pain and numbness in my left arm , so angry, been with these jokers for about 14 years after moving house but it's time to say goodbye to these bunch of unprofessional clowns, ps everytime I have been with ailments of severe pain I always seemed to walk out with a prescription for new anti depressants like my pain isn't real and that prescription should shut me up, im no hypochondriac and very rarely there but nothing ever gets done, bunch of hopeless clowns, 😡😡😡😡😡😡👊🏻

Author: Andy Barrie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I waited 7 months for an appointment letter from Ninewells which would never arrive after a referral in July 2025, I only found this out after contacting appointments that it was rejected on the same day, no correspondence to notify me of this, absolutely shocking, apparently nothing more can be done with my condition even though they've not sent me to other departments for investigation or any sort of scans, totally unsympathetic and dismissed/rude phonecall with no apology, don't waste your time signing up with this practice the doctor's are truly bizzare and unhelpful.

Author: ronald stewart
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
ronald stewartLocal Guide · 97 reviews · 51 photos2 months ago

Author: tanbir ahamed
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
tanbir ahamedEdited 3 months ago

Author: Sam Lockett
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Was in today seeing Michelle one of the nurses and can't complain. Both reception and the nurse were friendly and welcoming, and was seen within ten minutes of my appointment time. Seen a lot if negative reviews on here so happy that I can post something very positive.

Author: Andrzej Zinko
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A very negative experience with this clinic. The receptionist was extremely rude and unhelpful – it felt like every patient was just a burden to her. No empathy, no basic courtesy. What’s especially frustrating is that this is a publicly funded facility, operating with taxpayers’ money, and yet the service is far from what should be expected. Patients deserve to be treated with respect and professionalism, but sadly, both are lacking here. I definitely do not recommend this pla

Author: Muhammad Irfan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Received letter to give a call about the blood test!!! Have to wait for 40 minutes for the call to be answered. Was told Dr will give me call , waited for whole day. No call was made. Dropped them an email twice but it was not actioned. Now a days it getting very difficult to get hold of GPs resulting human’s life at risk. Shouldn’t been dealing like this being a taxpayer.

Author: Lyndzy Pinzy
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great staff, very helpful: all of the doctors I’ve seen have been wonderful.

Author: Matthew
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrendous GP, receptionists are rude, and they couldn't give less of a toss about people.

Author: Abdellah Mecid
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible gp
