Practice: HAWKHILL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S11363
Postcode: DD1 5LA
Google Maps title: Hawkhill Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hawkhill+Medical+Centre/@56.4572364,-2.9941341,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48865cb63890698f:0x211c2d2379b61efb!8m2!3d56.4572335!4d-2.9915538!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vvdtsr9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11363-hawkhill-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Wayne Gibb
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
My doctors. People at the desk should always help people who come in or on the phone be helpful and polite and be helpful.

Author: anonymous
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This gp surgery has to be one of the worst gp surgery’s in dundee, the reception staffs lack of care is astounding considering the nature of the job they work in, happily letting patients go without very important medication, anytime i have tried to get an appointment it is “we are fully booked phone back tomorrow at 8am” and i do that still no appointments available. I understand they are under alot of pressure but there lack of wilingness to even attempt to help you is just so so poor.

Author: D N
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wonder how many hospital admissions could be avoided if Hawkhill MC were providing timely appointments. I really empathise with the elderly and those with long term conditions at this practice. It’s absolute chaos and we can’t use covid as an excuse anymore. I’ve only met one rude doctor, I believe most are doing their best. The problems seem to come with administration/organisation. I’ve used private GPs but begrudge having to effectively pay twice for medical help.

Author: Evelyn Gardiner
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Getting an appointment is ridiculous, I sympathise with the patient reviews I have read who have had negative experiences. The Dr's I have seen are very helpful and understanding but it is getting the appointment with the Dr that can be very stressful especially if you need to explain what your problem is as you do not always wish to share this information with a stranger over the phone. My latest appt was slightly alarming though, to be told that I could only talk about 1 issue and that if there was something else I wanted to ask about then I had to make another appt to see a Dr as she had patients waiting......this came as a shock and felt a bit uncaring....It seems to me that it is 1 issue and a 10 minute slot then you are shown the door.🤔

Author: Simon Bath
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Simon BathLocal Guide · 53 reviews · 345 photos4 months ago

Author: Rachel Freeman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service. I have been trying to get an appointment for 3 days now, you can only phone first thing in the morning for appointments, but are instantly put in a queue of about 30 people, on hold for at least half an hour to speak to someone, only to be rudely told there are no appointments left for today or the following week and to try again first thing tomorrow. I have tried turning up in person to book an appointment to be told to phone in the morning, I have explained even though I phone at 8am i can’t get through until at least 8:30 by which time all appointments are gone. I’m in a cycle of doing the same thing each morning and getting no where. For someone who has been recommended by a pharmacist to see a doctor urgently, this feels like negligence. Everyone has a right to access the care system as we all pay for this service but for whatever reason Hawkhill have completely failed in their duty of care.

Author: Robbie Graham
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This is a review of the onboarding, appointment booking service only. Phoned around 11am to set up two non-urgent appointments for a date in the future (i.e. not needing to be seen that day). After explaining this, the receptionist told me to phone back at 8am tomorrow as they were full today. I explained I don't need to be seen today. I suggested an appointment a month from now. They told me firmly that they don't book appointments that far out. I then had to ask if it was at all possible to book an appointment for any time in the future. For example, any time from tomorrow to a month out. Only then did they (it felt like) begrudgingly offer an appointment for a few days time. I had two things to talk about, but was only offered one appointment for one of my issues. I guess I need to phone a second time to book a second appointment. It feels like the phone staff have been given instructions to make efforts to avoid having people make appointments. At every point of the process they are only reacting to my requests, and never pro-actively suggest solutions. It's a culture of "the computer says no", and compared to my dentist, or any other business that I have to arrange appointments with, I feel like they really don't want to see me at all. A poor service.

Author: Amy Kenyon
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have just moved away from Hawkhill after years of being dismissed and invalidated. After years of being in pain and suffering from a variety of debilitating symptoms, I "cut off from any future testing" I went to a different GP within the surgery and after more years of pushing for answers I found that I have Endometriosis alongside some other chronic health issues- I was not referred to appropriate services due to my pain being blamed on my mental health (its unsurprising that my mental health suffered after years of medical negligence and gaslighting) it has taken me 19 years to find answers due to their lack of care and my quality of life and trust in the health care system has suffered substantially. They refused to treat my underactive thyroid, symptoms of hypermobility or any other health issues that I was experiencing until I brought in an advocacy worker. Whilst this helped, it shouldn't have been necessary and as soon as the advocacy worker discharged me, I was back to being dismissed and having my health issues ignored which is why I finally decided to move. This has had a huge impact on my mental and physical health. The reception staff, particularly the practice manager are rude and condescending. I am annoyed at myself that I put up with this treatment for so long, including being laughed at by the practice manager down the phone when I was distressed. The list of ways in which this surgery has let me down is too lengthy to note down. I put in a complaint but they didn't even have the courtesy to address my issues and suggested that I take it to the Ombudsman. I stayed in the hope things would get bet- things only got worse. I can see them being shut down in the future as they are too overwhelmed to function and they don't treat people with the level of respect and dignity that they deserve. It will take me years to recover from this experience if I ever will. Do yourself a favour and register elsewhere.

Author: M
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was denied a signature for SMI (severe mental imparment) tax discount from doctor Zafar. I have Autism which effects my social imparment permanently ontop of mental illness of trauma that has had a life long impact on me. I am on the waiting list for PTSD, and had a detailed mental health assessment from a mental health nurse at university. I'm disgusted with the treatment this doctor that rejected me when I am unemployed (cannot find work because of my social and mental health) I am financially now struggling to pay for food left after my rent, utility bills, and £161 tax I now pay every month. With only £100 or less a month for food. This has caused me more mental health issues.

Author: YandA Gmail
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
YandA Gmail2 reviews7 months ago
