Practice: ERSKINE PRACTICE
Canonical code: S11486
Postcode: DD4 6QY
Google Maps title: Erskine Practice, Arthurstone Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 49
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Erskine+Practice,+Arthurstone+Medical+Centre/@56.4691935,-2.9634792,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48865cef93fc7707:0xd8bf3e531edccfbb!8m2!3d56.4691906!4d-2.9608989!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tggn6pf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11486-erskine-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: reejiii
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. Last year this practice was top notch. Idk what happened. I was telling the person at the front of my condition asking for help since I was not able to breathe and having rapid heart palpitations. Really bad ones. And she goes like anything we can do is have phone consultations which will take a few weeks. I asked her that even if its regarding my heart? She said yes even if its your heart its a few weeks. If its a few weeks why are you guys open? Whats the point if we are not able to even GET THE DR to CALL us in order to be considered worthy of a 1o1 appointment? What is the point of calling yourself a medical practice? I believe if I am still alive and kicking after a few weeks your doctor can call me. Just coming back again to add they still suck. Took my ultrasound in February and are calling me back since. Oh boy if I could sue them for malpractice.

Author: Kieran Noorani - Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
they've been great with me:)

Author: alba gu brath
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
patient care ??? don't make me laugh!! the treatment you receive when trying to arrange a telephone consultation is just horrendous and beyond a joke . phoned 5 times over ther last 3 weeks to ask for phone consultation only to be fobbed off to call back as doctor is in holiday, doctor is on day off, doctor phone consultation fully booked and I need to call earlier even when i waited in phone cue for 1hr and 37 minutes after placing call at 0730hrs in the morning. and than to be told the phone consultation will be in the 2nd quarter of October is just ludicrous, especially when this could have been arranged at my first call 3 weeks ago. the only treatment you'll receive is being treated with " couldn't care less" attitude.

Author: Clare Brownlie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP practice they do not care about patients. They neglect patients for example I had tonsillitis but got accused of possibly eating something as to why my throat has white spots. After a trip to kings Cross hospital turns out I had tonsillitis all along and was prescribed antibiotics. The doctors and some nurses are quick enough to give you medication rather than get to the bottom of it as a quick fix. As soon as you say you are depressed or anxiety its therr you go take that..not lets get you some help They also are quick enough to diagnosis patients on the phone its shocking the lack of care and Empathy towards patients. I have moved from this practice and now receive the best care at my new practice. This practice should not be running and should be investigated for the failings of patients! Thankfully I left here this review is so show others who may register here not to do it.

Author: David Magliari
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Got told by a replacement GP to go back to my country to get treatment from the doctor who originally ran the tests (despite me working and paying taxes here). Complained and all I got back was a letter saying they "didn't mean it that way". Also got told my exams looked good despite not having handed in my samples yet! Worrying.

Author: Darren McRitchie
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice has terribly gone down hill very rude and unhelpful. Gone down hill after Dr Slane retired pathetic, I have a fractured and dislocated elbow and reception wouldn't alow me to even talk with a doctor as I wait 3 weeks for MRI results horrible...

Author: Ryszard Knopik
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have tried many times to make an appointment with a doctor to examine my child when he was very sick. They always say that someone will call you back. Even if you say it is serious, they still don't care. It wasn't like that before. In most clinics, there are no such problems with making an appointment.Calling from the moment they open and being the first or third in line not getting an appointment. What do doctors actually do there.

Author: Mrs Bungle
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst medical negligence I've ever experienced. I was in a life threatening situation. I was suffering from a throat abscess and it got so big it started to crush my food pipe and airways. I couldn't swallow anything (food, water, pain killers, not even my own saliva). I phone asking for an emergency appointment. I was struggling to talk so had to repeat myself so many times, but I finally managed to explain that I couldn't breath properly or swallow anything. The doctor (Dr. Carol Earl) was so unhelpful. She refused to give me an appointment and told me I had tonsillitis without even looking at my throat. To diagnose someone over a phone call is the height of negligence and insanity. I told her it's not tonsillitis because I had experienced that several times before. She repeatedly said in a demeaning tone "Who's the doctor? Who's the doctor?? Eat toast to push the pus down, take paracetamol and sleep it off." Then she hung up while I tried to respond. Within an hour of this conversation I was in ninewells getting emergency surgery to drain the abscess. It was so big that the doctor at ninewells mentioned it was the biggest she had ever seen. She said if I had slept I wouldn't have made it through the night. So grateful to the staff at ninewells. They saved my life. But erskine practice is a mess. I have to note that there are some really good doctors at erskine practice (Dr Shaw for example), but, one bad grape will spoil the bunch. It's a shame.

Author: Morag Nenchev
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went to join practice and receptionist could not have been more helpful

Author: Shirley and Tammy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying to get an appointment since 2021, still no joy and it's almost 2025. Absolutely disgusted by this. The receptionists definitely need to be trained on how to talk to people with respect, the attitude you get is awful.
