Practice: DOWNFIELD SURGERY
Canonical code: S11823
Postcode: DD3 8NE
Google Maps title: Downfield Surgery
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 37
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Downfield+Surgery/@56.4873583,-2.9949054,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48865d2f3d758293:0xf20df1c8dbec7929!8m2!3d56.4873554!4d-2.9923251!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thbw6yl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11823-downfield-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lee Jackson
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible receptionists. Every single one is rude. Its like theyre trained to be uptight and horrible to people with ill health. Ridiculous attitude.

Author: Jim
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Customer service is non existent

Author: Scott Robertson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery makes it impossible to be seen by a doctor. Many friendly doctors and nurses yet it's policies are horrible. Constantly arguing with you over the phone not allowing you to speak. Constantly interrupting you. What happened to patient care and confidentiality. I was refused a doctor's call back because I wanted to keep the details off why I need an appointment for my son confidential. I asked for an appointment for a nurse instead and was told the receptionist needs to know why I need to see the nurse. This tells me a nurse is available but I can't get to talk to one or see one. Given that the nurse has dealt with my son's condition before. This place is horrendous and it's no wonder people are frustrated trying to see a doctor. You wait in a telephone cue for ages to be told no appointments and we can't see you today. They offer you a pre booked appointment days later. The last time I complained I had a locum doctor who was 20 minutes late for seeing my son. I complained to the doctor as the surgery was empty however they still delayed seeing my son for over 20 mins. My son was treated by the doctor to only be given a prescription for medicine that I couldn't get in any chemist as it was discontinued. Several chemists couldn't understand why a doctor prescribed what they had as the doctors and chemists share the same database for medicines. The hassle you get trying to see someone for medical care is horrendous.

Author: Natasha Clarkson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The nurses very kindly still took me for my appointment despite me being late due to the bad weather. Truly appreciate the understanding and still getting my procedure done.

Author: Joseph Burugu
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good services and Excellent service at Downfield surgery! The doctors and nurses were super professional and caring. Special shoutout to the Department/Staff Members for being so attentive. Highly recommend for anyone seeking quality healthcare 🌟👏" …

Author: Mark Brough
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely fantastic practice, from the reception staff to the fantastic doctors. I went in the other day hardly able to walk and within 4 hours up and about again. They've never let me down over the years and their service has always been outstanding.

Author: Shakektbf
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
By far the most poorly ran surgery there is. Absolutely zero compassion from any of the doctors, the receptionists are worse. more chance of winning the lottery than an appointment with this lot. 28 minutes on hold to be called back from a RECEPTIONIST to tell me a slip disc is not worthy of an appointment

Author: Honey Wasp
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
i struggle to phone GPs and this surgery has only made it worse- i no longer feel comfortable phoning up after multiple issues being ignored or that they "cant help as its cosmetic" . i sent a complaint in about half a year ago about the receptionist blatant dismissal (despite pains for weeks) only to be told this was standard practice in a rather rude tone. i now wish to phone again but why bother if its just gonna be on the phone or be told they wont help. or worse yet have an unqualified receptionist without the full knowledge of whats wrong tell me to take paracetamol and hope for the best...

Author: T C
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
useless

Author: Maggie Harty
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Maggie HartyLocal Guide · 5 reviews7 months ago
