Practice: MARYFIELD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S11931
Postcode: DD4 7AA
Google Maps title: Maryfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 82
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Maryfield+Medical+Centre/@56.4772162,-2.9613132,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48865cfb234a503f:0x57cd7d1e599552a9!8m2!3d56.4772133!4d-2.9587329!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v2gd9yk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S11931-maryfield-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Oliver Brough (Bubblesquash11)
Date: a day ago
Rating: 1 star
All medical services have an insane weight put on them by our underfunded NHS, but the staff on reception in this practise are absolutely abysmal. I called 3 separate times this morning from 8am while at work. When I got to the front of the queue the first 2 times, the receptionist hung up on my straight off the bat, and the 3rd time (8:35 by the time I got through to them) they told me they had no appointments, i'd have to call back Monday before they suddenly couldn't hear me again and hung up. Every time I have had to call this office, the way the receptionists speak to you is rude and condescending, and they don't appear to be at all interested in helping the practice's patients with anything. I will be looking at moving myself from that GP, avoid at all cost

Author: Tolutope Osinulu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
If there were a zero-star rating, I would give it. This service is absolute rubbish. The receptionists always repeat the same thing, saying there's no doctor available. Imagine calling as early as a minute before 8am, and I had to wait for 21 mins on the call, and being told there's no doctor on the ground. If I were okay with the pharmacist, would I have placed a call to you guys? Please close down this service. It's useless to people.

Author: claire grainger
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Switched to Maryfield from Ryehill and very impressed so far. Recently sent a healthcare survey which covered several aspects of one's health to then receive an email from a GP suggesting a follow-up appointment to discuss a particular issue, WITH the actual appointment already made for me. Quite unheard of I suspect, in local GPs. Reception staff are way friendlier than previously encountered too, this practice is definitely pushing the boat out.

Author: Annonymous
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Just about to leave the practice after 50 odd years. Its become near impossible to get an appointment. Always get told to call every morning at 8. Do they not realise that people have lives too and sometimes you just can't phone at 8. They only offer limited advance appointments when you phone on a Monday. Its an absolute joke of a system! Even if you see the GP and they want you to come back a few weeks later, you still have to go through the whole process again of trying to phone every morning at 8am. No wonder people are going to A and E. Never thought I would be leaving the practice that I've been with all my life. Dr Moore in particular is extremely rude, interrupts you and is completely dismissive! The surgery has completely gone downhill especially over the past few years.

Author: Samantha Jenkins
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Made me better

Author: M McManus
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Moore was awful. Would not take my chronic pain seriously, refused to do any scans of my knees because we were "trying to prove a bias", tried to blame my pain and worsening condition on my body "being more physically sensitive", quoted hamlet to try to prove his point? He was absolutely useless and left me feeling defeated and ignored, do not go to him unless you want to be gaslit and beat down on.

Author: Mr A Chalmers
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception staff were very helpful, no complaints to give. Doctors and nurses were helpful and supportive, and reception staff were lovely and understanding! Had no issues getting appointments the same day or the following day

Author: Rashad Jabar
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just signed up with them as a patient. Wife & Kids are with the Mill practice, and I thought I'd try a surgery closer to home. Was a little apprehensive looking at the reviews, phoned up prior to visiting, my questions were answered honestly and to the point. Helpful staff all round, from the person answering the phone, to the other 2 members of staff I met in person. They explained how the appointment system works, as well as mistakes made by some patients in making assumptions with regards to the volume of patients in the queue ahead of them. Best thing is to wait it out, even if it says position number 40. First impression, excellent so far, looking forward to my welcome pack and finally getting around to getting checked up by a G.P for all the niggles & symptoms I've been ignoring. Will update accordingly.

Author: No Name
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst doctors surgeries in Dundee. Unhelpful and snootie receptionists, useless doctors coming and going because they can't keep their staff. Do not join this place because they will always screw up your prescriptions. I have honestly had enough of this place. They never do their jobs right. Write notes on your patient info but that info is NEVER passed to patient. They screw about with repeat prescriptions all the time, cancelling them, not informing patients until patient reorders and expects them but doesn't get them, and they don't inform the patient. Hard to get an appointment as they have far too many patients vs doctors. At one point there was only 2 doctors to serve 6000 patients (a doctor spilled some secrets about this place as she was quitting because of how bad the place was, she was the one of 2). Medical information missing from patient file, doctors not updating patient files, doctors not referring you for things that only they can refer you for. One of the worst doctors surgeries in Dundee.

Author: Sajid Karim
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Need to visit the centre a couple of times for my son's immunisations. The staff were friendly, and the establishment looked clean and spacious. Did not have to wait too long for our slot. Satisfied with their service.
