Practice: THE LADE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S13975
Postcode: PH1 5PD
Google Maps title: THE LADE MEDICAL PRACTICE PH1 5PD
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bridgewater+Medical+Centre/@55.9046015,-4.4503163,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48884e637a8d12bd:0xb5ed4a7652bbf882!8m2!3d55.9045985!4d-4.447736!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1jffzy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S13975-the-lade-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: John Mcsharry
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent practice. Had a few health problems and feeling a lot better with doctors and nurses help. Thank you

Author: Julie Wilson
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling service provided by GP. My Mother had a nasty fall and as a result had rib injuries. She requested an urgent appointment to request analgesia to ease her extreme pain but was told she could not only get an appointment but would need to wait three days for a prescription! An elderly lady left in so much pain she was bed ridden! Even when I called to explain on day two that she was really suffering and ask for the prescription to be urgently issued, absolutely nothing was done! Place needs investigated. Patient care? Absolutely not! *For the record, the reception and nursing staff are very good. * update; my Mother was admitted to hospital for pneumonia, three fractured ribs, partial lung collapse and fluid in the lungs. The medical staff were absolutely appalled that she hadn't been seen by the GP despite asking for weeks. This outcome could have been much worse than a week in hospital! Get your act together Bridgewater!

Author: Pan Solo
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Being highly dependant on Hospital & GP support, the thought of a post-code-enforced transfer from a large multi-practitioner health centre to a small practice with limited resources, was an obvious source of concern, especially at a time when all GP practices are under severe pressure & receiving heavy criticism. Thankfully, since joining the Bridgewater surgery last December, I have received consistently outstanding support, both from the GP himself, & on a more frequent basis, the friendly & ever helpful office staff whose patience I have frequently tested as they helped pull together & improve my healthcare package - (FYI, they have always passed, but I will no doubt keep testing - sorry! :-P) My sincere thanks to the whole team at Bridgewater for your ongoing support.

Author: Chris Dowson
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Since leaving the forces 2 years ago and moving home have had nothing but trouble with this surgery culminating in them loosing all of my medical history then refusing a gp call back post an RTA having been told by the receptionist “if something is broken go to hospital”. It’s not all that was required was a call back to have it on record should it cause issues down the line wouldn’t say that’s a difficult task. Turns out yes it is receptionist refused to do anything with the information despite me saying I wasn’t going to waste a hospitals time. So much for use your GP before going to a hospital

Author: Bashar Helmi
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bashar Helmi2 reviews3 years ago

Author: Kevin Kean
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
It always seems a pain to them to come to the window ,it's like "I'm busy what do you want "look on their face or if the phone goes its annoying to them to have to answer ,we're an intrusion in their day

Author: Albert Hutchison
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have always found Dr Hajnal professional knowledgeable. Diagnosed long term knee problem at first visit

Author: Lynsay Welsh
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
With this practice for many years. At last appointment, (need to have a review monthly due to chronic illness) I was told to join new practice in new area and that would be my last appointment with them and they could no longer treat me. I tried to explain that I was only moving out the area Temporarily and that I had NOT moved yet and would not be moving for a further fortnight!! Not that they had a right to do this anyway as my rights are that they could NOT officially stop seeing me as a patient because although not in there area, I was only Temporarily moving out the area. So basically they left me in great pain for almost 4 weeks by the time I got registered with another practice and inbetween this I was moving house with 4 young children and I'm in a wheelchair. I understand there predicament of being full time bursting however the way I was treated was pretty disgusting and I believe there should be a patient policy in place to prevent this happening to anyone else!! I suggest, maybe a time limit for someome like myself to move practice after moving from the area. The last thing someone needs whilst moving over a few days is having to worry that the day they get their keys to a new house, that they have to source a local practice that same day and then get round there (depending on someone else for the moving and driving me to practice) and all because my medication is on a 4 weekly prescription that I would not get if in that 2nd half of the month when I moved home, I was unable to register until I had access to my new address and also a difficuky part was to find my Passport and new Utility bill for a house I wasnt even living in yet!! I believed this doctors surgery was there to help me in times of need, but what I got was worse than i could ever have imagined!! In my time of need my already extremely failing mental health at the time only decreased and my anxiety levels were through the roof every day 'just incase' or the 'unknown' was all the worst parts! And ti worry about not getting your vital medication on time or the fact that if I really needed to see a doctor, I couldnt, made my life so much more worrying, extremely so much more stressful but worst if all the stress brought on extreme pain which I was unable to control which in turn made me bed bound for weeks as well as the impact not being able to unpack in my new home or organise where things would go, then had a further impact on my mental health as well as my self esteem and emotions due to the fact I felt a failure among other things due to the fact I was useless in participating in putting my our new home together or worse, not being able to be 'just a mum' because the impact this all had on my mental health! I do believe this Surgery, its Doctor's AND staff together should be more aware if the impact they have on a full family because of their selfish actions!! And to think that the first few years I actually thought this surgery had my health and wellbeing at the forefront. Like 'others' it has become a victim of modernisation with all the good older doctors leaving and all the 'money making' doctors, managers and staff now in their place for this practice to become a 'less hasstl the better' kind of place!! It's a bad day when people who live in this catchment area are going out of there area to get 'a much better practice'. What is worse is that a practice nurse who worked in my new surgery, lived in my old area and REFUSED to become a member here. Instead, opting to drive out of the area by 20 minutes to a neighbouring village because she felt it just was not worth risking her life in such an uncaring and unprofessionally managed practice by both the Doctors, nurses and ALL Desk staff (who seem to think that THEY are the doctors)!!!!!

Author: Christen MacKinnon
Date: 7 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Christen MacKinnon3 reviews · 2 photos7 years ago

Author: Kat Docherty
Date: 8 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff have went above and beyond to help me and I've only been registered a short time. I've been impressed.
