Practice: PERTH CITY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S14291
Postcode: PH2 8HH
Google Maps title: Perth City Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Perth+City+Medical+Centre/@56.3947429,-3.4417593,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48863b15fe75a3a7:0xea8e0e35535dcae5!8m2!3d56.39474!4d-3.439179!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2ywxz6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S14291-perth-city-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: S (Superscotland)
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
S (Superscotland)Local Guide · 65 reviews · 2,222 photos2 days ago New

Author: ๑ ella ๑
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Always late for checking me in to appointments, extremely rude receptionists, and blame me for things that aren't my fault? Never had a positive moment at this GP. Called today because they never called me back for an appointment after they said they would. Was told it was my fault and it "wasn't her problem"

Author: gayan dealwis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
gayan dealwis1 reviewa month ago

Author: Asifa Mukhtar
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Good behaviour

Author: Anjel Bojidarov
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hello, this Clinic does not pay attention to immigrants living in Perth.

Author: Cocker Spaniel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I give this GP practice 5 stars! I'll tell you why. We moved from Perth to a small village in the area six months ago. Therefore, the Yellow Practice we had before could no longer provide care for us. The only place we could go to was Perth City Medical Centre, where we could register with a GP locally. When I read the many negative reviews about this practice, I was a little unsure and afraid. I read their website. Then my husband and I went to the practice in person on a Friday afternoon to register ourselves. That's when we had our first positive experience. The receptionists were smiling and kind. They gave us registration forms right away. They asked if we needed any other help now. We brought the completed registration forms back a week later. They told us that we would be in the system for a few days. They asked if we had any health problems that required care now? We said no, just repeat prescriptions. A few months later, I called the GP surgery a non-urgent problem. When I tried to make a routine appointment at 9 am, they were already full. But the receptionist kindly told me to call again the next day at 9 am. The next day, I successfully got a routine exam appointment with the doctor for 13 days later. At the appointment, a young male doctor examined me. He listened to my complaint, recommended further tests, and gave me medicine for the symptoms. They gave me an appointment for a blood test at the reception. I am satisfied with the workers. Everyone is kind and helpful. I ask the results of my test results by phone in a few weeks. Since then, I have only asked for repeat prescriptions by phone. However, today, due to an unexpected symptom, I called the clinic again for a routine exam. I was the 13th person on the line. I thought I would have no luck today. But the receptionist was very kind and said that they had a few cancellations appointments to give, so I managed to get an appointment for Wednesday for an examination. I am extremely satisfied with this GP practice. I have experience with both English GP and The Yellow Practice. Here, so far, my experience has been much better than average. I really don't think people's negative opinions about this practice are justified. The staff here are very helpful and polite. They deserve respect for their work!

Author: John Halvorsen
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I joined the Practice about 18 months ago. We moved house & changed Practice. It's been a brilliant experience, fantastic care and wonderful staff. I wish I'd found them years ago.

Author: Mark Reid
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Mark Reid1 review6 months ago

Author: Pansilu Polhengoda
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Pansilu Polhengoda8 photos6 months ago

Author: Steve Paul Fox
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After phoning several times and being fobbed off by non-medical reception staff who insisted my throat issues were “probably viral”, I finally managed to see a doctor. She immediately said I needed an urgent referral for scans and blood tests. I left confused about the next steps as the doctor mentioned something about “Dramhar” without explanation. Days later I called the surgery because I hadn’t been given a date for my blood tests. The receptionist told me I had to book it with them – something I was never instructed to do. She booked me in, but the earliest available appointment is 14 days away. By that point it will be 12 weeks since my symptoms first started. When I questioned the delay and mentioned that the doctor had said it was urgent, I was told by the receptionist (again, not a medically trained professional) that “if it was urgent the doctor would have booked it in the surgery.” This practice has been nothing short of disorganised, dismissive, and obstructive. Admin staff repeatedly overstep their role by giving medical opinions, while actual urgent care is delayed. Honestly the worst medical practice I’ve ever dealt with.
