Practice: NHS BORDERS PARAMEDICS
Canonical code: S16480
Postcode: TD6 9BS
Google Maps title: Borders General Hospital
Google rating: 4.2
Google review count: 182
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Borders+General+Hospital/@55.5954535,-2.7447271,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488783073a9aeb77:0xeb61a43f5a24220a!8m2!3d55.5954505!4d-2.7421468!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fm%2F02pswsv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S16480-nhs-borders-paramedics.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Melissa Campbell
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
This I have gallstones and have been in excruciating pain. I have 3 children under 2 and (twins and a daughter ) a 7 year old son. I pass out due to these attacks, vomit and can’t keep food down. I lay on the floor for 3 hours at a time. When my husband isn’t home I have to make sure my babies are safe at all times incase an attack happens. I have been to my GP multiple times, phoned 3 ambulances and been to A and E twice. I was in the ambulatory unit last week due to a gallbladder attack. I was left sitting alone for 2 hours. Had bloods taken ( done wrong ) and my arms are black and blue. No one spoke to me bar one lovley blonde nurse. No one communicated with me, then o get the surgeon who comes in and tells me the hospital is full of sick people and they can’t help me. I need my gallbladder removed for the safety of my children who I have to be healthy to look after. I highlight this over and over and no one cares. Also it is imperative to have communication skills and be caring in a hospital. I have been yet again sent home and ignored and left in pain with my children still in danger if I have another attack: it is utterly disgusting and shocking. And I could write another review about my grandmothers experience when she spent her last 8 days in A and E dep. Thankfully Margret Kerr was a very very good place with competent nurses. Also in response to below, I too was sent home in labour and had my daughter at the side of the road 12 hours later after being in 3x that week and told it was in my head. Disgusting !!

Author: Yvonne Magrath
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Yvonne MagrathLocal Guide · 150 reviews · 41 photos5 days ago New

Author: Nightwing Hears
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 3 stars
Could not get a disabled parking space so had a very long walk right from the back of the car park. But a&e was very quick.

Author: Vui Nguyễn
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Dear Sir/Madam, I am writing to formally raise a serious concern regarding the maternity care my wife received at Borders General Hospital. My wife’s due date was on the 8th. On the 10th, she began experiencing clear signs of labour. She was already 4 cm dilated, had discharge with unusual colour, and was suffering from very painful and frequent contractions. Naturally, we were extremely worried and went to the hospital for examination and support. However, after being assessed, the nurses advised my wife to return home and wait another 3–4 days before coming back. We were not given a clear or sufficient explanation for this decision. Given that she was already past her due date, 4 cm dilated, and in significant pain, we felt this advice was unsafe and very concerning. Because we were not reassured and feared for the safety of both mother and baby, I decided to take my wife to a hospital in Edinburgh. Within one day of being admitted there, she safely delivered our baby. This outcome has left us confused and deeply concerned about the judgment and decision-making at Borders General Hospital. If we had followed the advice to wait several more days, I fear the consequences could have been serious. We are an Asian family, and while I sincerely hope that this situation was not influenced by discrimination, the lack of clear explanation and the dismissal of my wife’s condition has caused us to question whether we were treated fairly and with the same level of care as other patients. We are not writing this complaint to create conflict, but to seek clarity and accountability. We respectfully request a full explanation of why my wife was sent home despite being 4 cm dilated, past her due date, and in severe pain. We also hope the hospital will review its procedures to ensure that no other family experiences similar distress. We look forward to your response.

Author: Anne
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always prompt efficient care in outpatients. Staff appear very happy and kind. Thank you

Author: Ailsa Stratton
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
Ailsa StrattonLocal Guide · 19 reviews · 10 photosa month ago

Author: Helen Bradwell
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Helen BradwellLocal Guide · 163 reviews · 124 photosa month ago

Author: Duncan Smith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service & assistance provided by the MRI team. From arrival, examination to departure, all staff were exceptional.

Author: Ruth Smith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Went with Husband, after his G.P advised that A&E were saying he HAD to go ASAP...We also got call from them sayin same thing.My husband is highly anxiuso especially re Hopitals and given we had had, I think 3 calls from Dr and Hospital that's understandable. We live half an hour away,(not too bad, and appreciate the Dr's care/concern) Waited approx 6hrs which was a surprise as we'd been told they expected us) Honestly was nt that busy,am retired Nurse..diff discipline though) We were terribly concerned for some patients, especially 1 lass how was violently vomiting for approx an hour/2 hrs PLUS,( took a while for us to notice) poor girls colour was horrendous, she was like porcelain, blue /white. Tthere was at least 1 guy who they NEW was "at it"( I spoke to him, he had been all over the place trying to get attention and clearly needed mental advice) She had NO privacy, could barely stand etc.but was left to basically sit on floor vomiting...lack of dignity/privacy was horrendous for her . After hrs saw Dr.He was ONLY Dr on qualified for the issue and was running between A&E and ward...Lovely Dr...but place falling apart. P.S this was approx 1 yr ago

Author: Stephen Hillary
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very caring and empathetic. Kind and considerate staff.
