Practice: LOCKERBIE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S18644
Postcode: DG11 2BJ
Google Maps title: Lockerbie Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 32
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lockerbie+Medical+Practice/@55.1221032,-3.359671,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487d484dccb2588b:0x2558261bbde8e595!8m2!3d55.1221002!4d-3.3570907!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w9y0ns1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S18644-lockerbie-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Anna Bulinska
Date: a week ago
Rating: 2 stars
When I was once (early 2025)I had a fear of something (that wasn't normal)and the doctor said "it will go away soon" and still to this day my fear hasn't gone

Author: Roslyn Crolla
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Could not have received better care and treatment from doctors to receptionist, came away feeling confident that my future health needs are being very well looked after, took time to listen and explain treatments, very pleased, a good team indeed, thank you.

Author: Pearl
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practise is honestly such a joke. They told me they tested me for the thing I thought i had, but to my surprise, they never tested me and just sent me on my way with antibiotics. When i called to get my test results, they full on lied to me and told me that i had been tested when i hadn’t. I’m still suffering and they won’t do anything about it. I’m dead serious when i say this practise is dangerous and needs to be shut down. Please do not register here, there are plenty of alternatives nearby. This place is dangerous for your health, and the health of your loved ones.

Author: Betty Cruickshank
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Updated review. Since my last review I felt things had improved greatly, good communications and now even contacting you to arrange reviews. However, very dissappointed today after calling to discuss a prescription not dispensed in a week and to order another medication to be asked to call back after 9.30am as, in their words " its a very busy time " so does that mean that my situation is less important? They are also assuming I have the time and the ability to call back. Never heard anything like it from a GP surgery. Was it not a waste of time in any case to answer the phone, let me describe what happened and then ask me to call back? They had put a note on their desk asking for people to leave a good review if they felt they could to help them recruit staff but they are not doing themselves any favours with this kind of thing. The system they use is not fit for purpose. Call for appt. Tell them what's wrong choice of GP in 2 weeks time or nurse in 1 weeks time. Chose the nurse only to be told she can't help and I need to see a ANP or a GP. Told at reception can call at 8 each morning to get same day appt. Or take appt.for 9 days away. Call at 8 next day, no answer for 15 mins, finally get through at 8.30 to be asked again what's wrong. Explained what happened and told that they need to assess whether I need to see a GP same day and then told no apps available that day or even the next day !!!! So anyone phoning at 8 the next day has no chance of appt. Now the 1st available appt is for another 8 days away so since my 1st call I would have waited a total of 3 weeks to see a GP. Not much use if my symptoms are the sign of something more serious going on. I get why they ask what's wrong but what I do not agree with is them making the decisions on who you see and how urgent it is. If it turns out that I have something serious going on and it affects me long term then I will take it further especially if it could have been treated earlier.

Author: Jo Nayar
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really excellent fast efficient service. I moved to Lockerbie 2 years ago and have been hugely impressed and reassured by the service here. Recently my mother visited from Jersey and had a suspected Deep Vein Thrombosis. Even as a visitor to Lockerbie they saw her within an hour and arranged an urgent ultrasound at the hospital plus issued a prescription which we got immediately. Thank you so much for your prompt action which probably saved my mums life.

Author: Scottish Lass
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception woman had a terrible manners when I called about about a a important medicine then told me I had to Go up and collect the tablets knowing I am half disable but the medication had been at the chemist so she was making me walk up there for nothing imo that reception lady should not be a receptionist she has a cold attitude terrible manners

Author: Edward Elizabeth Hitler
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They NEVER issue prescriptions on time, the practice manager DOES NOT address complaints, receptionist "jill" just accuses everyone who questions anything of "raising their voice" or "being abusive", the only decent Dr there isn't there often and when they forget to do your prescription (even when you're a diabetic 5 year old), their default is to blame the pharmacies. Currently looking into legal action for negligence. Edited as it's got worse. Even after a problem has been identified they still blame the patient, because apparently smoking cannabis a few months ago causes a large tumour 20 years before...

Author: Ant Steel
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Much improved since new management/doctors. Thanks.

Author: Ouroboros Motorbike
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctor essentially blamed me for my abdominal pain. DGRI found a 5cm tumour. Dr still wouldn't prescribe pain relief even after multiple hospital departments recommend it, *including the pain clinic*. Spent my last Christmas before major surgery in my bed crying in agony instead of enjoying, what could be my last, Christmas with my wife and son. I'm currently seeking a house elsewhere so I can change my doctor instead of being stuck here.

Author: Iain Graham
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since the practice was taken over the service has improved so much.Myself and my partner have been seen a lot in the last month and the practice cant be faulted.Thanks.
