Practice: MUIREDGE SURGERY
Canonical code: S20108
Postcode: KY8 1HJ
Google Maps title: Muiredge Surgery
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Muiredge+Surgery/@56.1756226,-3.0410346,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48864cd060c9ffdf:0xd889880362d3ac08!8m2!3d56.1756196!4d-3.0384543!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vc6czr8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S20108-muiredge-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Clara Fernandez-Luque
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Clara Fernandez-LuqueLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 5 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: Jerry Foley
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been going to Muiredge surgery for almost 7 yrs, and have always found everyone who works there very helpful and friendly. I would give 10 stars if I could. I dont think people appreciate how fortunate we all are to have this excellent service on our doorstep. Imagine trying to get this level of service in America, where the first questions are about health insurance, and how you're going to pay. I would like lots more 5 star reviews to let the staff at muiredge know they are appreciated .

Author: Natalija Grisanovica
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Natalija GrisanovicaLocal Guide · 5 reviews · 70 photos2 months ago

Author: scharn thomas
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Have to call bang on 8am. Can take up to 30 minutes to get through. Not ideal if working and not allowed phones in workplace. Advance appointments refused and told advance appointments for emergency only, unless doctor okays an appointment...but that's only if you're lucky enough to get to see a doctor in the first place. So my experience, unable to call surgery and wait around for 30 minutes to get through and unable to get call back as phones not allowed in work place so have to actually take a holiday off work to be able to call and get an appointment. This is why hospitals are now so busy because it is impossible to see a doctor, yet doctors waiting rooms are empy when i have been lucky enough to in. Nhs should be reading these reviews and get this sorted.

Author: Daniel Evans
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
i cant understand why only 2.6 on reviews,i moved from england and signed up,i have been very ill recently so rang up and got emergency appointment 2 hours later,still poorly rang up again a week later and got another appointment within 3hours, so i rang up twice, and was seen twice and helping me recover from covid as i have new covid or new flu,i have only been twice but both times straight in,all help and meds needed, my doctor who is dr Sullivan has been amazing, thoroughly brilliant and cant recommend less than 5*, in england you cant even get a call back let alone 2 emergency appointments especially on a monday morning.i have nothing but praise for this surgery. if i was in england i would no doubt be in hospital. thank you doctor Sullivan ♥️

Author: Lisa Brown
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient at Muiredge for 7 years now and I have never had a bad experience. From the reception staff, nurses, practitioners and doctors they have always had my best interests at heart. They are always busy but take the time to explain everything. Feel very grateful for all they do

Author: Esther Grace
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honest review I seriously do not know why there is negative reviews of this surgery. Me and my family moved to the wemyss area five years ago and we all go here. Staff and friendly and helpful always polite and will help where they can. The doctors are excellent and lovely nurses are lovey and so caring . The call back system is fantastic. I’ve always got a appointment when needed one only thing I’d say is the place it totally run down and needs a good refurbishment I think the staff working there are fantastic it’s not the most appealing building inside and they all do so well to make it work and run it well. Honestly don’t get the negative reviews this is one of the nicest surgeries I’ve even been in and it’s all because of the staff.

Author: Maureen Page
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m a bit confused as to why there’s a sign up saying they won’t tolerate any abuse. It’s a pity they don’t practice what they preach.

Author: Pamela Pate
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The most uncaring and uncommunicative surgery I have ever come across, would definitely not recommend this surgery to anyone

Author: Aiden Duncan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's not good
