Practice: HOSPITAL HILL SURGERY
Canonical code: S20471
Postcode: KY11 3BA
Google Maps title: Hospital Hill Surgery
Google rating: 1.7
Google review count: 94
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hospital+Hill+Surgery/@56.061363,-3.4490532,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887d1f6a6a1e729:0x78cb8384282771e2!8m2!3d56.06136!4d-3.4464729!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc209wj9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S20471-hospital-hill-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Darren Gray
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Feel like I am slowly dying. I can't h breath properly. They put me on three high blood pressure tablets on Friday, take them together. Got a bit of a tickly throat / runny nose but everytime i cough can't clear my lunge, blacking out all the time, nose choked & can not clear flem. I di not no if it is serious eenoughfor999.

Author: Duncan Maclaren
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Duncan MaclarenLocal Guide · 36 reviews · 48 photosa month ago

Author: Richard Morrison
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Contacting anyone at this surgery has to be the most frustrating exercise known to man. There's literally no logic to it. You call daily on the chime of 8am and are greeted with a patronising do this do that message followed by a high demand message then you aren't even placed in a queue. They won't allow you to make an appointment in person. Its an absolute shambles.

Author: Faisal Farzand
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I hope the people managing this place realise what an embarrassing job they are doing. All of the professionals here should be penalised and reported. Shameful.

Author: SIXTY-SEVEN
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
SIXTY-SEVENLocal Guide · 9 reviews · 2 photos4 months ago

Author: anne gilmartin
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been with this practice for over 30 years and have always been treated well. However just recently the care has been an abomination. Phoned triage and actually managed to get through. Was told that my symptoms needed a doctor and to phone back tomorrow. How bizarre is that. So disappointed.

Author: Jo Ward
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I really struggle every time I need to contact this practice and regret registering here. Other GP surgeries seem to manage their demand much more effectively. Unfortunately, this one still relies on the outdated system of calling at 8 a.m., with limited phone lines and no option to queue, request a call-back, book ahead, or select a nurse appointment. By 9 a.m., appointments are usually gone, and you’re told to try again the next day. It’s an extremely frustrating system — especially for vulnerable or elderly patients, and for anyone working who can’t spend the morning repeatedly calling. It feels like no steps have been taken to modernise or improve access, and the current setup simply doesn’t work for patients.

Author: sagar bhandari
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Services too poor

Author: K L
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
GPs change without any notice to patients, then suddenly you're refused a repeat prescription of several years without any reason given. Also only found out through my specialist, nobody contacted me personally about this matter. Still in utter disbelief that important medical decisions are being made without consulting the person affected by them. Shocking way to treat a patient and caused a week of horrible anxiety. I should not have to check the website routinely on the off chance the GP I was with has left and I was assigned someone new who won't continue prescribing as usual and then having to go via the practice manager to find out the reason because it's impossible to speak to a GP in the first place unless you have time to phone 57 times in the morning. Added a star as the practice manager was very swift to give a clear reason and concise steps to resolve the issue. It shouldn't ever have come that far though!

Author: Margaret Cockburn
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After days of trying to phone I eventually blew a fuse and stormed into a virtually empty surgery and not once did I hear the phone ringing. Luckily that morning I got through first time only to be told via recorded message that no appointments were available. Hence the frustration kicking in and me driving there. To quote "only emergency appointments that day. What do you define as an emergency. It's not what we define but what you define. I said that their surgery is a disgrace to the profession and I'd never experienced a surgery like it. Then walked out. I got into my car and phoned. The usual message, so I stayed on the phone. Got through after about 10 minutes and said I wanted to make an emergency appointment. Asked to describe my symptoms, I was then told it wasn't classed as an emergency. I then went on to quote what I'd just been told just 10 minutes before. I was told I might not hear before 6pm but after a short time I got a call back with an appointment that dat at 9.15am. Not exactly proud of my assertive behaviour, but so glad I persevered and stood my ground.
