Practice: NEW PARK MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S20466
Postcode: KY12 0BL
Google Maps title: New Park Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 74
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/New+Park+Medical+Practice/@56.0824242,-3.4356476,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887d209496ad775:0x4ef30a5af1f7df5e!8m2!3d56.0824212!4d-3.4330673!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hm45jvkk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S20466-new-park-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Duncan Maclaren
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are polite and a pleasure to deal with

Author: Mandy Stephen
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting level of service. Phoning for 3 days in a row to make an advance appointment, calling over 100 times each day to try get through. Then call one afternoon to speak to receptionist to try to resolve to keep being told by the receptionist ‘it’s not my problem’. Keep trying. I advised her that the comment wasn’t what patients needed to hear for her to say again several times. I needed help to get an appointment or just a phone call with a GP. It’s very rude to keep saying it’s not my problem

Author: Victoria Millar
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called 6/10 was left listening to music then ringing then music then ringing for 45 minutes. Needing a urgent prescription, I drove to the drs and it was closed! Why was there no message left on answer machine to tell me. Then today 7/10 I called continuously from 0759 and got engaged tone till 0850, at that time there was a message saying all appointments taken for today , because I needed the urgent prescription I decided to call in at 0915. I told the receptionist I had called 224 times this morning and about yesterday. She told me I wont get the prescription today and that up until 10 minutes ago (which would have been 0905) there were lots of appointments left. Having about 10 people behind me i didn't want to embarras her for lying to my face. Why is it impossible to get through ? I think this doctor surgery needs to get more people available to answer the phone or add a second line in order that people can get an urgent appointment when needed. No impressed at all.

Author: Lewis harley
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are usually lovely, the booking system is horrid. Several weeks running i have been met with line busy and before 9 the appointments are allocated.

Author: Chelsea-Paige Taylor
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Complete and utter mess. Receptionists are rude when you tell them you don’t want to discuss what’s wrong with you and doctors don’t listen.

Author: Pam Moor
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a great experience at the surgery today. The Phlebotomist, Chelsea, could see I was anxious so she chatted to me for a few minutes before taking my blood. I didn't feel the needle at all and her lovely, caring manner made me feel so much calmer. She is an absolute asset to Newpark surgery and I'm so glad I met her. I, then, had to make an appointment with my GP which proved a bit trickier but the receptionist took time to explain the appointment system and the best time to call or go in. I'm very grateful for the way Chelsea and the receptionist helped me this morning, as I left the surgery a lot happier than when I went in. Thank you both for your excellent service.

Author: Denise M Houston
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful doctors surgery, ask everyone to call in at 8am for a same day appointment and then give you a 4 hour gap. Missed the call, listened to the voicemail asking to call back, called back and told that doctor has finished for the day (before 2pm) and that no other doctors are available. How many people can hang by a phone for 4 hours waiting for a call? And what a stupid system that everyone needs to phone at the same time. Tried to call again today July 2025, started at 8am and 125 calls and no apps left today. Ridiculous.

Author: Kenneth McLuskey
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m so grateful for their help and support. I must admit that the booking system needs to be reviewed because you have to keep trying to get through on the phone. In spite of that, I’m so thankful for their care.

Author: Jeanette Stewart
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I am so getting fed up with the appointments bookings system. I spoke to a Dr yesterday about my health problems (2 of them). She asked me to call reception after I put the phone down to book an "advanced appointment" for a Face to face. I explained about the hassle involved on the booking system 8-9.30am and that's why she said about the advanced appointment system which you don't have to do this at 8am. Phone during the day. I called after speaking to her and got the receptionist. She told me to call back next day. Did that the next day about 11am, and explained yet again that the Dr had asked me to book the advanced appointment. She said, I'll need to speak to the Dr, I'll phone you back. Which she did about 5 minutes later. I was told that I needed to call between 8-9.30am in the morning. Told her this is not what the Dr said to me all I needed was the advanced appointment. She (receptionist) was adamant that I wasn't getting an advanced appointment. I got ratty with her and told her not to bother. Considering its a bowel problem and that's why I was to get an advanced appointment what do I have to do now, jump through more hoops or do I give up now. Does the practice look at these reviews? Really, all the GP's in the practice need to get this appointment system sorted. You have a Duty of Care to your patients. Will I get a call back, I doubt it. The Dr I spoke to yesterday was so nice and understanding too. Pity!!! I'm so disappointed in this practice now. Used to be a great practice too. Used to call up for a non emergency appointment in 2-3 weeks. Any time I'm in getting bloods done there's only ever 5 people in the waiting room. And that's including myself!!! 😡😢💩💔

Author: Cheryl Housto
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned over 126 times today for an automated message to say all appointments have gone for the day! At 8-10am. My daughter has to have another medication review last one was 2 months ago, it’s taken her 2 weeks to build up the courage to make this appointment to not actually get to speak to a human being, she needs a prescription as she’s no medication left, why do the doctors insist on so many medication reviews when there clearly is not enough appointments. This system is not fit for purpose, and very stressful.
