Practice: LESLIE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S21153
Postcode: KY6 3LQ
Google Maps title: Leslie Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 14
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Leslie+Medical+Practice/@56.2006567,-3.2208563,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4886357a2c6698a7:0x4f0341b4acd7cd7e!8m2!3d56.2006537!4d-3.218276!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc5wqvl6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S21153-leslie-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michelle M
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor service & attitude… I have family at Glenwood Health Centre & although they have the same limitations in terms of pressures & finances within the NHS service. Their attitude & manner is second to none. The amount of times I & other patients I know have gone into the practice & stood without a simple acknowledgement, while staff stand blathering, is appalling. I have found the training lacking as at times have gotten differing answers to the same questions or been given conflicting information. Unable to get an appointment in advance, on the day only, if you manage to get through on the phone. The cost to get a simple stamp, signature & a few boxes ticked for a claim form for an airline form (due to being ill & unable to fly), was astronomical & made it impossible to do the claim. I have since moved practice to Glasgow, what a difference. Friendly, helpful, appointments available to book, professional manner. I thought the NHS had just gotten so bad that in general this was how most practices operated. Not the case at all, restored my faith in the system.

Author: Terry Stubbs
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling medical practice. I've recently called to get a medical for a dvla licence renewal. LMP charge double the price of every other medical practice in Fife at 130.00 GBP. The service from this medical practice and their GP's can best be described as 'barely adequate'. Getting an appt with a Gp there is setup so as to make it frustrating & extremely difficult. This practice should not be entrusted with health care in the community and I think a clear out of the dead wood there is desperately needed.

Author: sam stewart
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
considering going for private health care tired of the crumbling NHS

Author: Robin Shears
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Utterly incompetent requested my medical records mounths ago only to be continually told they would call me back when I followed it up. They then after around 3 mounths basically told me it wasn't there problem anymore as I had moved. These people should not be trusted with something as important as healthcare if they can't even do basic admin.

Author: Babs S
Date: Edited 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed. My son, albeit a young adult, had an appt with the Nurse (this was suggested by the triage Nurse) as he had a chesty cough, sore throat and ear ache. Covid tests done were all negative. Absolute waste of time. She didn't check him over at all. He was in one minute and out the next. No listening to the chest, checking the throat or ears - nothing! Just got told to get over the counter meds. My son has had cancer twice and they should've been aware of this. His immune system is shot to pieces. A 10yr old could've done this check today!

Author: Gillian Laing
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid this surgery, I went there for years and found some of the doctors attitude very worrying!! One doctor told me if all patients were like me, the health service would go bust!! When I asked advice about my high blood pressure, was told your fine,no very high!!

Author: Ann Cowan
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Ann CowanLocal Guide · 19 reviews5 years ago

Author: Anjelah Timmons
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Medically negligent. I don't have the best mental health and phoned up 2 weeks ago for an appointment with the mental health nurse and was told that the mental health nurse would phone me at 12.20 that Thursday. It's been 2 weeks. So I phoned up. And got put on hold.. FOR AN HOUR AND A HALF. And still haven't got ahold of them. So much for the automated message "your call is important to us." Yeah clearly. Very disappointed in the quality of service. Clearly think the ringing of a phone is music.

Author: Rosie Smith
Date: 7 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having lived in various parts of the UK over many years and experienced many different levels of medical centre services, I can say that Leslie Medical Practice is a surprise and delight in terms of friendliness, ease of getting appointments, interaction with the reception and medical staff and general appearance of the practice itself. It's to be treasured - believe me. We consider ourselves lucky to have found such a practice.

Author: John Standeven
Date: 7 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Being English the triage nurse rang me up having ago as apparently my number was wrong but yet she called me on my phone then had ago at me as my misses forgot to put my meds and conditions on paper but ain’t that what a nhs number is for to look up my medical history I’ve been struggling to breath properly since Friday night and all I needed is my blue ventalin inhaylor and my anxiety meds but when this nurse called me she had such lack of understanding of ppls mental illnesses that she trying to get me struck off there list after only 1 day being on the list and all I said was I’ll go to the f~ing hospital witch ain’t swearing at her her and 2 other doctors surgeries agreed that I wasn’t swearing her aswell I suffer social anxiety and if ppl have ago at me for no reason then I might swear and I guarantee if I was Scottish and said the same I would of been treated differently I’m also taking my kids off there list and my misses will be leaving them too your surgery is a joke I’ve had better service at McDonald’s
