Practice: ALVA MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S25046
Postcode: FK12 5BD
Google Maps title: Alva Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 34
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Alva+Medical+Practice/@56.152315,-3.8068779,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48888750de622ca1:0x9c2978c7e05af75a!8m2!3d56.152312!4d-3.8042976!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg9s87z?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S25046-alva-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarah Allan
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are fantastic, kind and I have always managed to get an appointment or phone consultation when I have need this. Be GP surgery I have used.

Author: Leah Brown
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly a great practice. I don’t go very often, but when I do I’m usually able to get an appointment within the next 2 weeks, the reception team are friendly and professional, and the doctors are very knowledgeable. Thank you :)

Author: Lily Fraser
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Have had excellent service and help since joining this practice. When my husband was ill we always received the help and assistance we needed from doctors, nurses and admin staff. I have also had lot of help through illness this year from all members of the team and Dr Patel in particular has hone out of his way to make sure I had the treatment I needed. Cannot fault the practice in any way.
Practice response date: 2 months ago
Practice response:
Many thanks for your positive feedback. It is much appreciated. We will be sure to share this with those involved in your care.

Author: Ingrid McCormack
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I changed to Alva this year and they have been the best drs so far. Except one new and very frustrating problem that's happening to myself and 2 others I know. If they have a phone appointment, they ring for less than 3 seconds. This morning for instance, dispite having my phone next to my hand and therefore picking it up within 3 seconds, they already stopped calling. It vibrated twice. Their calls are usually this short, it is horrific. Very frustrating.

Author: Callum C
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Such a struggle to even get seen by a doctor and the waiting times are awful. Dr Erin groves is rude, dismissive and uninterested. The doctors I was registered at before this was a breeze in comparison. My partner had a mole which they didn't call back about which turned out it was cancerous and they had to go and get it taken off privately.

Author: O N
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Over the years, I can't fault the receptionists or the doctors I have ever seen. I have seen several nurses. Most were nice however, one recently was SO rude, impatient, implied I was stupid and telling lies. She did not want to listen to anything I had to say. Another one was a bit dismissive too. Why choose a caring profession if you don't a caring nature?

Author: Sandra Forsyth
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t fault the practice. I got an appointment to have a bit of an MOT was having irregular heart beats, couple of dodgy moles and needing blood pressure medication reviewed. Saw Dr Grove who listened carefully, took blood pressure, a vial of blood and checked offending moles. Within a week I had referrals to cardiology and dermatology. Got ecg and an overnight cardiac monitor and a week later I’ve just had a phone call from Dr Grove reassuring me my heart is okay. Bloods are all good and I’m off to have offending mole removed next week. Thank you Alva medical practice and NHS. You get such a lot of bad press, so I hope this helps to balance it out a wee bit. I am very grateful for your care and kindness.
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
Thanks for your very positive review. It is much appreciated. I will be sure to pass your comments on to Dr Grove.

Author: Nourdine Benkhemou
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Not bad.

Author: Kate Richardson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really helpful and friendly. So grateful to them for fixing me up today- I've not needed treatment at a GP for years, so I didn't know what to expect, but they fitted me in quickly and I left relieved and much happier :) I know it can take a while to get through to GP practices on the phone and appointments are limited, but they really do the best with what they have

Author: Luigi
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Edit: After a second opinion I finally managed to talk to a doctor. Waiting times and phone service are still a little bit too slow very often.
