Practice: BRAESVIEW MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: S25455
Postcode: FK2 0XF
Google Maps title: Braesview Medical Group
Google rating: 4.1
Google review count: 11
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Braesview+Medical+Group/@55.9866092,-3.7190491,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488879c94475d7f9:0x3c3e57067db2d805!8m2!3d55.9866062!4d-3.7164688!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc141ytm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S25455-braesview-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Linda Lambie
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great GP. Joined this practice over a year ago and delighted with the great service and care provided. We can always get an appointment to either see a doctor or nurse practitioner when needed. Also called in for yearly blood checks etc. Reception staff lovely, very helpful and professional. Overall we are very happy with this GP. No complaints at all.

Author: KM R
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
So, another occasion to go to the HC. Something fairy minor but needing treatment, otherwise it gets worse. Called this morning, advised to provide a sample. Submitted mid morning and tested and informed of result by 2.30 pm. Prescription written and picked up by 3pm. Exceptional care. Thanks to reception team Carolyn or Caroline not sure of spelling, Siobhain and the lady this afternoon. Sorry not sure of name. Also to Dr Islam for his prompt testing and diagnosis and passing prescription immediately to pharmacy. Thanks also to the lovely pharmacy team, always helpful, professional and smiley! Given they NHS is under so much pressure this is above and beyond. Thank you! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐+ 💗💗💗💗 So had occasion to go to the practice again. Appointment with the Snr Nurse Practitioner, Joyce. Just to say that Joyce was lovely. Extremely thorough checks; took pics; blew them up on the monitor, showed me, explaining and reassuring me that there was nothing to worry about. Really helpful, informative, warm friendly care. Thank you Joyce. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Another visit to the pracice. Soooo.... impressed! A very efficient, professional and friendly young woman on reception. Message passed quickly to the doctor. Very prompt response. Phonecall. Discussion. Information and advice offered - professional, friendly, warm, caring, efficient. I made my informed decision. Prescription in process. How good is that given the current pressures because of COVID. 👏👏👏👏👏🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 Just wanted to express my thanks to all at Braesview Medical Practice in Polmont. A forward - thinking practice offering self check-in; telephone appointments; early morning and later evening appointments; a process for appointments that gives everyone a fair chance; a helpful, responsive and caring service. A pharmacy on site too which is helpful. Clean, modern upbeat and up to date. Thanks again. Applaud the NHS! Adding to this review.....had occasion to be seen by the nurse today....Fiona. Second visit to Braesview recently. As one would expect, COVID procedures - excellent. Fiona was lovely. Made me feel very comfortable. Professional. Caring. Efficient. Warm approach with a dash of sense of humour. Ideal. Also to Dr Mitchell for her thoroughness and prompt feedback. Thanks to all. Thanks also to reception staff. I understand that part of their job is gate-keeping but important to get a balance ie patient focused; observing confidentiality; professional; competent; helpful; friendly; smiling; the first point of contact and the face of the practice. And this morning Friday 12 th November, I experienced all of that and have experienced it previously. Thank you to Katy and all other reception staff who offer this level of service. Five star in my view. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 And yet another thank you to Dr Mitchell for her thoroughness, professionalism and patient-centred care. Second to none.

Author: Haider Jalil Alfadli
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Haider Jalil Alfadli8 months ago

Author: Lewis H
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Got an emergency appointment with Fiona and she went above and beyond to help me with my issue. Best GP/Nurse I’ve had.

Author: Jim Thomson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jim ThomsonLocal Guide · 110 reviews · 2,423 photos2 years ago

Author: Jacqueline Campbell
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff at reception and over the phone are always lovely and very professional..always get an appointment to see a doctor within the week or sooner if urgent..very good medical group

Author: Emma-Louise Barrie
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
So editing my review from a few years ago and things are much much better. Staff are always helpful and go out there way to get things done in the easiest possible way. Is it perfect 100% of the time no but what is ?! As someone who attends and needs medications regularly I find them to great ! They listen and try there best.

Author: Graeme Witherspoon
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
the receptionist that dealt with my enquiry was very professional and couldn't have been more helpful. the attitude of the lady she asked in the office for leaflets on people struggling with alcohol was in by no way professional. its taken me a while to admit my demons and today I felt as if I would take a step forward not a step back. thanks stranger. 😐

Author: craig livingstone
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Wrong info given three times in two days . Told i had an appointment but never. Staff couldn't care less what affect it has. Shocking

Author: Neil Davidson
Date: 8 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Neil Davidson8 years ago
