Practice: TILLICOULTRY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S25544
Postcode: FK13 6AG
Google Maps title: Tillicoultry Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tillicoultry+Medical+Practice/@56.1527452,-3.7493289,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48888084af463f83:0xc0454644f27b1d52!8m2!3d56.1527422!4d-3.7467486!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w2yz0s4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S25544-tillicoultry-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: I'm a Tablet
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Everything here is designed to make it as hard as possible to make appointments, there's never an appointment available. It's always phone back tomorrow, what about us that are actually able to work for a living. Equally as hard to order repeat prescriptions now. I'm reading the instructions but it's farcical. I need additional ID to ensure I'm registered at the practice. HELLO LOOK ME UP ON YOUR COMPUTER.

Author: Christopher Moran
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just wanted to say a massive thank you to Mhairi at Tillicoultry Medical Practise for your quick and efficient service in assisting me to locate my medical notes. My other practice left me to sift through years of medical notes but Mhari located everything that I needed within a few days. You are a star 🌟 Thank you so much 🙏 …

Author: Chris Moran
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have lived all throughout the U.K in my life and have experienced some really awful Doctors and staff with over-run practices that should not be in a position of care. However, I can say that in a few years with Tillicoultry Medical Practice, I have learned that Dr. Campbell is an absolute credit to his profession. He is a gentleman, extremely intelligent and most of all, it is evident from the time that he spends with you that this guy genuinely cares as he makes the time to address all of your issues with an indepth knowledge of his role and he makes it's his stategy to guide you every step of the way through your recovery. Dr. Campbell has been soley responsible for addessing my neuropathic pain issues that has helped my mobility and improved my overall qulity of life. If we had more Doctors like Dr. Campbell in society, eveyone would be in greater health. The staff are all lovely too - Sharon and especially Lorraine. She is a diamond. Dr. King has a wicked sence of humour too. Thank you Tillicoultry Medical Practice. We need more like you 💚

Author: Alistair Weir
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have never had a bad experience at this practice and have always been treated in a very professional and respectful manner from the doctors, nurses and staff.

Author: Eva Manga
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eva MangaLocal Guide · 20 reviews · 87 photos4 months ago

Author: Chantelle
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Chantelle4 reviews7 months ago

Author: Lillian Lay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Lillian LayLocal Guide · 13 reviews · 60 photosa year ago

Author: Jackie Fox
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had no problems with this medical practice, always been great with me after finally getting to the bottom of what was wrong

Author: Kevin Moran
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are an absolute nightmare. If you call you are then placed in a queue, but if the line isn't perfect after waiting almost 45 minutes they hang up. Ridiculous. I was told they couldn't hear me, but when I said call back they said they can't. Funny though she heard me say CALL back.

Author: Aillish Jardine
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff are quite rude and short with you. I arranged an appointment for a time that suited around work (2 weeks in advance) and was sent a text on the morning of the appt to call. I called in and was asked to come in in the next 20 mins! This was not suitable as i was working and when I pressed for a reason I wasn't told and basically had to beg to be seen when I was meant to. This was met with a rather rude response when I tried to say I could not make it any earlier. Staff need better training and need to be understanding that people cannot always come in to the practice with minutes notice. Very disappointed with the person i spoke with today, i will be raising a complaint!
