Practice: ALBA MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: S26015
Postcode: FK7 0HW
Google Maps title: Forth Medical Group - Bannockburn
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Forth+Medical+Group+-+Bannockburn/@56.093863,-3.9247615,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886326e17ed203:0x58f992114f23871b!8m2!3d56.09386!4d-3.9221812!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v44dk67?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S26015-alba-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aurangzaib Chughtai
Date: 11 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Aurangzaib ChughtaiLocal Guide · 3 reviews11 hours ago New

Author: allan waghorn
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
As much good as a chocolate fireguard

Author: DariWithanaye
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Like any surgery there's good and bad, both doctors and medical admin staff. My personal experience with BHC is no different, although I have to say the good far outweighs the bad. This year they have been incredible and I sincerely don't know what I would've done without their help especially when dealing with both my elderly parents. Rachel is a lifeline, a bright shining star amongst many. The help she has given me has been both professional and appreciated beyond words. I've witnessed many patients being abusive, I've also witnessed staff reduced to tears, never have I seen them be disrespectful in return, doubt I could be so dignified in a similar situation so hats off to them. Everybody makes mistakes, its up to you how you deal with it. Thank you for everything you all do.

Author: Diane Mcintosh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Diane McintoshLocal Guide · 3 reviews4 months ago

Author: Janette Millar
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ask for letter from an letter that outside alba from stirling royal community hospital

Author: Craig & Kim
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Strang completed a 6wk post natal check on my baby. I had concerns which were forwarded to obstetricians at hospital. Following their reply, Dr Strang advised me to “keep and eye on it and come back if it didn’t improve”. Naturally I asked how long I should monitor for before returning for further investigation. To which he said, “ah you want an exact date - let’s say 5th of May at 1330”. I was astounded at how patronising, insensitive and extremely unprofessional he was. Absolutely no compassion or care, quite the contrary to what characteristics you’d expect from a GP. Have since moved practice after appalling lack of care.

Author: Jane McCormack
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My elderly father is registered at the Bannockburn Clinic. Unfortunately over the last months his health has deteriorated and as such I have had to make fairly regular contact with the clinic. Its easy to complain about thing but I have to see wholeheartedly that the care, compassion and service we have received has been wonderful. Each time I have called I have been treated with respect , been listened to , been updated and called back with updates. Having dealt with a few members of the team Joanne and Emma they have been both extremely helpful and polite, Emma in particular I feel has gone above and beyond in dealing with my dads situation. Her telephone manner comes across as genuine, caring and empathetic. She has been extremely efficient in dealing with each call I have made and she has been extremely responsive. Recently following a recent discharge from hospital I popped into the clinic and spoke to Emma in person as I was concerned things would not go smooth with his care package - including prescription. Emma listened, noted and responded to each request. She updated us thereafter and everything was put into place. From arranging the prescription service, a home visit (thank you Dr Strang for your care and professionalism) and also district nurse referral. Thank you Emma your help has been very much appreciated and our family cannot thank you enough for your help, support and care. I hope Forth Medical Group appreciate what an asset you are.

Author: Nee Route
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am registered with Bannockburn branch. I have to say that the male receptionist (B) is the worst and most unhelpful receptionist I have ever come across. Unfortunately, I spoke to him on 3 different occasions and he is the most unhelpful person ever. How are all appointments gone when I was number 7 and number 8 and number 5 in the queue first thing in the morning? Are you joking? You’re telling me the people before me took all of the appointments in less than 5 minutes of the surgery being open?! It’s like your health is taken as a joke and you’re encouraged not to book at appointment. How is this helpful to someone who needs medical care and attention? Every single time, he was like this. Berry : the most unhelpful and short receptionist award goes to you. I pray that my call in the morning does not get picked up by you. On a positive - I had a great experience with the female receptionist last month and I was number 5 in the queue and managed to book the appointment. Can you believe it? Wow.

Author: Ouse Mustafa
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good service

Author: Stuart Henderson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Got to say that when you really need help, they are there for you. I just hate the whole 8.30 phone call queue drama.
