Practice: PETERCULTER MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S31244
Postcode: AB14 0RP
Google Maps title: Peterculter Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Peterculter+Medical+Practice/@57.098596,-2.2599381,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4884174194b5f0fd:0xe06c8859671e298b!8m2!3d57.0985931!4d-2.2573578!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc10r3v7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S31244-peterculter-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sandra Andrew
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Having received surgery my consultant asked me to contact my GP to get an appointment with a Practice Nurse to check wound in 10-14 days. I completed the e consultation and received an e mail to say CTAC Hubs deal with this. I called them to be told I would need to go to Bucksburn or Frederick Street - I have no transport and this will involve 2 buses (surgery to my face) then telephoned the Medical Practice to ask it is possible to get a check with one of the nurses to be told the Partners no longer alow this.... disgusting, when you are at your most vulnerable and just want some reassurance that things are healing properly! Pushing everyone to a central point where there are few appointments available!

Author: Sabaa Malik
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sabaa Malik6 reviews · 1 photo4 months ago

Author: Anne MacLeod
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I use the online booking system mostly. The only reason it isn't 5 stars is it's difficult to get through the questions without putting false answers to just get thru the questionnaire. Once you're through the response is amazing... One never waited long to get a response, an appointment and then a resolution completely appropriate and specific. All the staff are fantastic, friendly and knowledgeable

Author: Andrew Bareman
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Andrew BaremanLocal Guide · 16 reviews · 9 photos5 months ago

Author: Robert Thake
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Robert Thakea year ago

Author: John Rankin
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I wanted a blood sample taken to check for prostrate cancer and had a few issues.to possibly get a blood sample taken. I did get the blood test eventually. There used to be a list of the doctors working at the practice on the wall outside, this has been removed.. I got a reply stating that the new agreement not been signed by doctors. I learned that 8000 are on the books. After detailed reply from one of the doctors I revised this feedback from 1 to 4
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Unfortunately, the main fact of the matter here is that practices no longer have responsibility for the subject of this complaint. The 2018 GP contract in Scotland moved to centralising these services as part of the “Primary Care Improvement Plan” or PCIP. Due to a slow rollout, a transitional arrangement remained in place here until the 1st April 2023. The specific service in question here, phlebotomy, falls under “Community Treatment and Care Services” or CTAC. Since the transitional services ended in April 2023, things have been delivered directly by the Health and Social Care Partnership (HSCP) using their own staff, not practice staff. The HSCP provide these services mainly at their hubs but also provide some of the service directly from practices’ premises. The appointments that were rearranged were due to CTAC staff absence, backfill for these absences is not currently provided by the HSCP. If you are unhappy with this strategy and method of service delivery, the best person to discuss this with would be your MSP. In terms of GP lists, virtually no practices in Scotland work with GPs having a “personal list”. This is where one GP is solely responsible for managing a list of patients themselves; this is for very many reasons. We are not aware that our practice has ever worked in this way but can say it hasn’t for 3 decades. Due to various changes in general practice in Scotland over the decades, the overall responsibility for patient care and safety now effectively lies with practices rather than any named GP. Due to the complexity, work involved and changes over time, as well as the fact it makes little or no difference to anything in real terms, these lists tend to be updated 2 to 3 times a year. This has no bearing on patient care. Occasionally the hospital system writes to previous GPs that haven’t been at a practice for many years. We are not sure of the exact mechanism here but it makes no real difference.

Author: Katie Grundy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have medical insurance through my job, so when I became unwell I thought "not to worry, I'm very lucky that I can go private". Well let me tell you, trying to get the support I need privately has been a constant uphill battle with minimal support and countless dead ends. Peterculter medical practice to the rescue - they've been fab, both Kim (advanced nurse practitioner) and Dr Myles. It's a huge relief to have a GP take interest in your illness and work to diagnose and treat it. Peterculter medical practice have my gratitude.

Author: Andrew Moreton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Andrew Moreton2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Jose Ferreyra
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr.Kim Johnston gave me an inyection in my knee and the strong pain that I had has gone. Thank you Kim

Author: Mary Massie
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good
