Practice: SCOTSTOWN MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: S31206
Postcode: AB22 8LD
Google Maps title: Scotstown Medical Group
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 78
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Scotstown+Medical+Group/@57.1808016,-2.1031383,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48840de4a254de5f:0x975ef52f7f816dff!8m2!3d57.1807987!4d-2.100558!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgk05_v?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S31206-scotstown-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: The Shivering Kings
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
To be honest this practice used to be amazing. I grew up in Bridge of Don and this was the family doctor that never put a foot wrong. Fast forward 25 years and it’s a different practice altogether. I’ll start with the reception. These employees don’t give a dam about you, incompetent, abrupt and ignorant. It’s really remarkable that they’ve been employed. People skills are non existent. Several repeat prescriptions that I’ve ordered have been ‘missed’. And you can’t raise your voice if you question them, you’re made to look like the idiot or a thug all while an incompetent person smiles at you.
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Hi Shivering Kings. Sorry that you have had the need to leave a one star review. Please email: gram.scotstownadministrator@nhs.scot with your contact details and a member of the management team will be in touch to discuss your issue further.

Author: george william
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
giving one star as cant give zero waited on call back from doctor on two seperate occasions both time when i spoke the doctor hung up the phone on me simply they dont care.

Author: g dall
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Careless staff. Impossible to get an appointment. Phoned at 8am, was told duty doctor would phone back. Heard nothing. Went down and was told they had no log of the call. No apology, no acknowledgment of the circumstance, was told it would be 48 hours. I am showing symptoms of sceptic arthritis, which i have previously been admitted to hosptial for. Apparently i should wait for it to become serious. This practice is now a joke. The Drs may well be good, but actually getting to see one is challenge. Mismanagement in action.
Practice response date: Edited a month ago
Practice response:
EDIT: 23/01/26. Hi G Dall. Don't believe we've received contact from you. Hi G Dall. Sorry that you have had the need to leave a one star review. Please email: gram.scotstownadministrator@nhs.scot with your contact details for the attention of the Practice Manager and he will be in touch to discuss your issue further. Engage Consult is our preferred means to contact the practice and is as easy as using Amazon, Facebook or Google to write a review. It can be accessed by our website to register: https://www.scotstownmedicalgroup.co.uk This really is the most efficient, effective and user friendly way to request medical support. It is available Monday to Friday 0700-1530 (Subject to operational demands). Your request is then reviewed by the Duty Doctor, no one else. The Duty Doctor reviews your medical request, then decides who would be the most appropriate person to deal with your request. This could be an ANP (Advanced Nurse Practitioner), a PA (Physician Associate), Practice Nurse, Physiotherapist or a Doctor. However, not every patient needs to be seen by a Doctor. They will also decide when you should be seen or called, which could be the same day or in the coming days or longer for routine requirements.

Author: Ruby
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Failed to give medication that I actually need and try to push alternatives on people that don't work. Not helpful. Failed to send a referral on at least one occasion. This is absolutely true. Unsure why my review was removed when it's the truth!

Author: Indej Trading
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
"Your child's medication is too expensive for us to prescribe anymore. have this sub par cheap tablet for your 6 month old instead." Yes okay give a 6 month old with extreme sickness and reflux tablets instead of a 5ml solution. Scotstown medical group priorities are being cheap and cutting costs over providing health care.

Author: Kelly Baby
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Top Notch experience today. Completed the engage online forms for 2 seperate issues i have this was about 930am, had a reply to both within one hour, advised someone would call me to book a routine face to face appointment that was done by lunchtime and have sample kits etc to collect. Very impressed with service could not fault.

Author: Anna Yeats
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only giving one star as I can't give zero. Scotstown Medical Practice has become an absolute disgrace these past few years. Joined here 20+ years ago and had no issues whatsoever. Now when you phone you are in a "que" for about 45mins at least (been up to 1hr40 in the past) even when your 3rd or 4th in the que and the calls would take a couple of minutes maximum. Most of the time they just don't answer the phone. I've had to drive in to actually speak to reception on a few occasions as there is little chance of getting through on the phone. They don't let you make appointments at the reception, you have to stand there and fill out an Econsult!! Baffles me, it is a Doctors reception after all. On this occasion my son has been waiting for a week for blood test results and yes Scotstown received them a week ago today but no one has bothered to look at them. Not good enough!! Terrifying to be a patient here if you were seriously unwell.

Author: Fiona Bruce
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just abig thank you to Scostown medical practice 🫶🙏💗 Just abig thank you to Scotstown medical practice & what ablessing to Aberdeen city from the reception team,to nurses,Doctors ,Emergency doctor teams & the pharmacy team at practice while navigating through physical illness the service is amazing working together with myself & hospital for Emergency Nerology & other concerns a practice that is under tremendous pressure has people who work for there centre who really care about there clients THANK YOU

Author: Kenneth Hutchison
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Good morning Kenneth. . Disappointing to see the 1 star rating. Could you please email: gram.scotstownadministrator@nhs.scot for the attention of the Manager detailing the reason for the rating? This will allow us to look in to this for you. Thanks
Practice response date: 5 months ago
Practice response:
Good morning Kenneth. . Disappointing to see the 1 star rating. Could you please email: gram.scotstownadministrator@nhs.scot for the attention of the Manager detailing the reason for the rating? This will allow us to look in to this for you. Thanks

Author: Natalia Crehan
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Natalia Crehan2 reviews6 months ago
