Practice: SALTOUN SURGERY
Canonical code: S31598
Postcode: AB43 9NH
Google Maps title: Saltoun Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 44
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Saltoun+Surgery/@57.6871547,-2.0227326,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4884813afd771f8d:0xb68fe1df695ef1ee!8m2!3d57.6871519!4d-2.0201523!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tftqnnx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S31598-saltoun-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Natalie Dolcevita
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with this GP practice. I have medical conditions that require urgent treatment, yet my test results have been lost with no explanation. Getting an appointment is nearly impossible – the phone lines are constantly engaged, and when I tried to walk in early in the morning, I was turned away by a receptionist with a very unhelpful and rude attitude. I also rely on prescribed medication to manage my anxiety, but I haven’t been able to access it because of these failures. This lack of care and responsibility is unacceptable for a GP practice. There seems to be no doctors available and no meaningful support for patients who need urgent help. This practice is failing in its duty of care and needs to be reported for investigation. Patients deserve safe, reliable, and respectful healthcare – unfortunately, this place is providing the opposite. I am extremely concerned about the standard of care, triage safety, and access to clinical assessment at this GP practice. I have been suffering from a persistent ear infection for over one month. Two ear swabs were taken and returned “clear” results despite ongoing and worsening symptoms. I was prescribed antifungal medication; however, after a full month there has been no improvement. My condition has deteriorated significantly — I now have discharge from both ears, marked soreness, persistent pain, and fever. This represents clear treatment failure. For the past two weeks I have called at 8:30am when phone lines open. By 9:00am all appointments are routinely unavailable. I recently received a text message asking me to call the practice back. When I did, I was informed that my case had been discussed with a doctor and deemed “not an emergency” — without any physical reassessment. I was offered an appointment on 24/03/2026 and advised to try again the next morning for same-day availability. A decision about clinical urgency was therefore made without examination, despite prolonged infection, systemic symptoms, and failed treatment. Under NHS Scotland standards, patients are entitled to safe, effective, person-centred care and appropriate clinical assessment when conditions deteriorate. The NHS Charter outlines the right to access services based on clinical need. When a prescribed treatment fails and symptoms worsen, there is a professional duty of care to reassess in a timely manner. Persistent bilateral ear discharge with fever is not a minor issue. Delayed or inadequate management of infection carries recognised risk of complications. Triage processes must prioritise patient safety over appointment capacity. It is deeply concerning that access to reassessment in this situation appears to depend on availability rather than clinical risk. I have formally escalated this matter due to concerns regarding: • Safe triage procedures • Failure to reassess following treatment failure • Potential breach of duty of care • Access to clinically necessary review I sincerely hope the practice reviews its systems to ensure patient safety is not compromised.

Author: George Jappy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very helpful receptionists

Author: David
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Contacted the surgery and asked to speak to the Practice Manager on the 13th January, told she was not in the office, left my phone number and asked that she call me, called again on the 15th January and she was again not in the office or so I am told, got a call back with an appointment on the 29th January at 11am, then I had a call that this was not to see the Practice Manager but an appointment to see a Nurse, but I had an appointment to see a Nurse on the 27th January at 16.35, this appointment has now been cancelled and the appointment that I got to see the Practice Manager is not to see her but a change of appointment from the 27th January to the 29th January, left a message again for the Practice Manager to call me again, have not heard from her yet, perhaps she is working from somewhere remotely perhaps in the Caribbean and is unable to call me, as we know many people work remotely from overseas rather than do from here in the UK. Also my GP stated that he would get me the phone number of the secretary of the Consultant that was refusing to give me the operation that was stated I was suitable for in a letter dated April 2021 Now delayed for almost 5 years, I am in a lot of discomfort and now a lot of pain, I then got a phone call stating that I could not get that phone number, so he did not phone them to see what was going on, and I could not get the Phone Number to find out what was going on, so I contacted the Hospital myself and I managed to get the phone number, I was then transferred to a Manager he said he would look into this and phone me back, he has never phoned me back, I could hear he was not interested, and NHS Grampian in now PHS Grampian, Private Health Service, If you pay you can see a Consultant in 2 days and have an operation in about 5 weeks I am told, but because I am an NHS patient then they are not interested, Why should Consultants treat patients for an NHS salary, when they can just pocket that money and just do Private work using the NHS facilities for free, The NHS in Scotland gets £3500.00 per year for every person in Scotland so since I was referred to the NHS in December 2019 now over 6 years, and almost 5 years since they said I was definitely suitable for surgery they have received over £21000.00 for treating me and they have done nothing to help me, this is just a GIANT FRAUD, If they had given me this £21000.00 I could have gone overseas and paid to have this operation done and had a lot of money left, but the NHS would rather give that to Consultants that are doing private work here in the PHS Private Health Service Scotland, This is what the SNP has done to the NHS in Scotland.

Author: Donna
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Donna2 reviewsEdited 5 months ago

Author: Elaine Green
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My mum got told to do a urine sample and bring it back up. Took back up the sample and the reception lady says take to a chemist what a joke ..

Author: alinaaa
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke, impossible to get through to them for an appointment

Author: Tony Montana
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Doctors are fine and never had an issue attending however there always a hassle on the phone when calling up for one reason or another and always get rude responses like I am bothering them.

Author: OgMc4
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
A absolute disgrace of a surgery I have been trying since January calling everyday between 8am-10am and all you get is answering machine, and if you are fortunate enough to speak to a receptionist acting like acting doctors picking and choosing who they feel gets appointments. For a town this small with two surgery's...shouldn't be this hard!

Author: Sine Macdiarmid
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Last Monday I contacted Saltoun Surgery. (I thought I had a DVT). A very kind, polite and patient person at the end of the phone got me an appointment in the p.m. with a very friendly, caring and professional Nurse Practitioner, who immediately made an appointment for me at ARI for the next day. I thank you both for your kindness and professionalism

Author: David Geddes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Difficult to get any appointments, told to phone next day, this repeats every day, the practice needs to be taken into NHS directly, it's not fit for purpose urgent action is required now or they will cost you.
