Practice: INVERURIE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: S32021
Postcode: AB51 3UL
Google Maps title: Inverurie Medical Group
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Inverurie+Medical+Group/@57.2772408,-2.3831139,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48844178e19dc2c1:0x9da0ea5d92e0f735!8m2!3d57.2772379!4d-2.3805336!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11gwmgntwj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S32021-inverurie-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ayobami Dikwal
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ayobami DikwalLocal Guide · 4 reviews2 weeks ago New

Author: Hipercurly12 Veira
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
One star because can’t give 0. I Every time i try to call it seams like the all system is made to dis encourage you to call at all , and when you eventually get trough, you are make fill like you are unwanted and almost taken on a gilt trip, just fir calling abd needing a doctor

Author: Myra Robertson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I know they are struggling but I phoned 111when taking no more calls and they said to phone doctor back. I did in afternoon and again they said to phone 111 back. I pity anyone who is on their last legs. I don’t want to phone 999 I do appreciate that when I am seen I get excellent care and the receptionists and everyone are so nice.

Author: Rod MacInnes
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I’m new to the Practice and have yet to seek an appointment with a GP but have interacted with the Reception Team a number of times and have always found them to be welcoming, very professional and responsive. In addition, have consulted in a face to face with a specialist nurse, who was really excellent. Given my limited knowledge of the practice I’m giving it 4 stars but thus far have been very pleased.

Author: Shaun Jenkins
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusted at how phonecalls are handled and the level of customer service. My partner was instructed to phone the GP surgery but was met with sarcasm and told “if its that serious phone 111” and immediately hung up the phone. This was after being on the phone already with 111 and from waiting on the 1-2pm GP surgery lunch break to finish, trying to line up an appointment.

Author: Joanne Smith
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I, along with the majority of the population, acknowledge the absolute chaos that is the NHS and appreciate how hard it is for those at the sharp end having to deal with the consequences of severe underfunding and total mismanagement by those in charge. On Friday 31 October 2025 I managed to secure one of those once in a blue moon experiences of actually seeing a doctor face to face!! On my arrival I expected the usual hostile reception however was absolutely blown away by the friendly, efficient service I received. Nothing was too much bother and, after seeing Dr Maltin, who was equally as helpful, I left with my faith in humanity restored, at least for a while. It’s all to easy these days to criticise so I’d be grateful if my thanks could be passed on to these 2 amazing ladies.

Author: Mrs Duncan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have to say to all those out there who are against the receptionist at Inverurie Hub, I never want to upset anyone but in my opinion the receptionist are really nice girls & woman there is a couple who are not who I have had the misfortune to get a couple of time so much so that the manager is going to ban myself and my husband from getting the care we have paid for all our lives the trouble is the manager refuses to Liston to there own Tape recording to see On the occasions I have had to comp[lain about will not listen to his own recording when one of his receptionist complains about us people who only want help and not to be treat badly if the Manager had listened to his recordings where he tells us who dont want to upset anyone we are just looking for help not nasty people haveing GO At us…..the odd couple who are nasty makes it bad for the most of the girls who are perfect, and he just takes there side because if he had listen to the two times I have complained he would have known (I did not treat this girl badley ..she and the other couple need to be trained better..i just need to say to all off you that the majority are so nice especially t Claire I only say her name because it the last one I spoke to

Author: astley Hastings
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wait wait wait wait then nothing a usless facility

Author: Mags McWilliam
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying to see a Dr face to face for weeks now due to swelling of neck and trouble swallowing Try at 8am they say, can't get through due to extensive callers. Finally after dialling every few mins put in a queue of 8 just before 10am to get to number 1 then told sorry nothing I can do all appointments today are gone call back tomorrow Bring back econsult or get receptionists trained better to listen to patients and their symptoms

Author: L D
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently moved to the area and was really nervous about making this our doctors practice as the reviews were so terrible but I’ve only experienced really great service from the staff. Sure it takes ages of waiting on the phone line to get through but the people I’ve dealt with on reception have been so helpful and lovely.
