Practice: PORTLETHEN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S32411
Postcode: AB12 4QP
Google Maps title: Portlethen Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 49
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Portlethen+Medical+Centre/@57.0612672,-2.1294009,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sPORTLETHEN+MEDICAL+CENTRE+AB12+4QP!3m8!1s0x48841ac7f776878b:0xe3f31de61172a85f!8m2!3d57.0612082!4d-2.1268653!9m1!1b1!15sCiJQT1JUTEVUSEVOIE1FRElDQUwgQ0VOVFJFIEFCMTIgNFFQkgEGZG9jdG9y4AEA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6kk28q?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S32411-portlethen-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Allan Irvine
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Some doctors couldn’t care less. Two very bad experiences with doctors lack of compassion, only doctor thats decent is dr Margaret Brown, the rest seem to see you as a burden.

Author: John Mitchell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with practice for 7 years doctors nurses and reception staff are very good people and have helped me a lot gret practice

Author: A Q
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Few times needed help rather than using their online form which requires. Both times the staff were somewhat rude and unwilling to help with arranging appointments. Not once did they ask if I was ok with computers or actually have disabilities which prevented me from such. So if you medical assistance via here you need to be able to use a computer and if not buy a printer.

Author: Corinne Ross
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cannot fault all staff at portlethen medical centre always get an appointment quite quick great service and very nice staff

Author: Pi Bi
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Circus...

Author: Chelsea Wilson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could rate 0 stars I would. They're lucky they haven't got more blood on their hands with the lack of mental health help they offer when people reach out for it. Attitude throughout the whole of the surgery is absolutely appalling and I know fine myself, I'd rather die than ask for your help ever again :)

Author: xEx xCx
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
1st appointment. I had an appointment with Dr Bruce, she was very kind understanding and had read my econsult prior to my appointment which meant we could get things dealt with quickly, even though I had further difficulties which were additional to my original appointment request she reassured me and I felt she took everything into consideration and helped me put things in perspective. xEx 03/02/25 2nd appointment. Follow up appointment with Dr Wong. She was absolutely wonderful she was extremely knowledgeable about my condition and seemed genuinely kind and understanding, she is a locum GP. She, like all GPs in every practice was running about 30 minutes late but this doesn’t bother me one bit because in my opinion it shows that they are taking the necessary time with patients rather than rushing one in and out as quickly as possible. Reception staff, I know the administration and reception staff have a hard time when it comes to dealing with the public but I have never had a bad experience, yes it can be frustrating sometimes when one is not well but credit must also be given to these individuals who have a difficult job. I had gone to the chemist to get my prescription but realised I had forgotten to ask for the other medication I need so I went back to the practice which was technically closed. I spoke to a lovely receptionist who popped an emergency request through to another Dr so I can hopefully collect my other medication tomorrow. I tried to do it online but apparently there is a limit as to how many patients can submit forms. All in all I think we are lucky to have such a nice practice and staff team. Keep up the good work I STILL APPRECIATE ALL YOU DO! Thank you all! And for those who moan about the practice and staff maybe try treating others the way you would like to be treated. RESPECT OUR NHS! 💜 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿 xEx 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿💜

Author: yvonne cassell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
yvonne cassellLocal Guide · 53 reviews · 60 photosa year ago

Author: Rudolf Berki
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I recently joined Portlethen Medical Centre in Portlethen (Aberdeen), but I wish I had not. Although the doctors I met seem to be quite friendly, the administration part is hopeless. Some of the staff are helpful, but I find most of them unkind, even quite arrogant. I am off work due to a hand injury and need fit notes, but when it comes to it, it is a terrible nightmare to scramble one from them when needed. They take their time, which should not take more than a few minutes to write, and if you ask questions, they can be quite rude, and they shake you off as if you were nobody. So, unless they improve their attitude toward their patients (to whom they should be grateful that they are in a quite comfortable practice) and are more caring and professional, I do not recommend them.

Author: Diana Hart
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Good reception bad doctors yet again they will never learn to listen to people the doctors here was trying to treat my dads cancer with antibiotics instead of sending him to hospital to get seen to just like when my late hubby was at this practice the kept fobbing him off saying he was fine he died from brain tumours the practice manager don’t care either so anyone reading this and you have a problem keep going back keep calling them every day
