Practice: MARYHILL GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: S32779
Postcode: IV30 1AT
Google Maps title: The Maryhill Practice
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 60
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Maryhill+Practice/@57.6469175,-3.3270239,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48850baaeebcd7fb:0x2f719c58a8f127ef!8m2!3d57.6469147!4d-3.3244436!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v2yyflw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S32779-maryhill-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Irene Dunbar
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Irene Dunbar2 weeks ago New

Author: June Clark
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After being transferred to the Maryhill Practice when Dr Houliston closed his practice, I have been very happy with the doctors, nurses and receptionists here. I have found everyone very helpful and caring.

Author: Phoebe Golightly
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist staff are rude and out of touch. Doctors aren’t any help and just want the appointment over and done with as quickly as possible, recieved no help from Dr Taylor when asked for help for PPD and was told because I take my daughter to baby group once a week I’m clearly fine. I have also just asked if I could get a home visit for my sick child, while I can appreciate they “won’t do a home visit for a 2 year old” I don’t appreciate being told to walk when the snow on paths is a foot deep, I have told them I have a child with a fever and be told “yes walk, some of us had to walk to work this morning”. Completely out of touch and rude and inconsiderate. Used to be a lovely surgery but the reception staff and Stone Age male doctors have ruined it.

Author: k S
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hold line is terrible. I call 5 minutes after its open, states the phone lines are currently busy. Please continue to hold or call again later. Then it hangs up on me, how can i be put on hold and join the que when it automatically ha gs up on me

Author: Katarzyna ben taleb
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely amazing service ,staff ,doctors they are always willing to help you and listen to you carefully . Lots of the problems sort it out on the first visit .Thank you for all staff working so hard to help .

Author: Lynn Sutherland (lyn)
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Before joining the Maryhill Practice I did read the reviews In 100% honesty I can only speak very highly about my one & only appointment. Shona, one of the Practice Nurse Specialists was great. She was polite, warm and friendly. However, more importantly for me, she was professional, her knowledge is obviously current within her scope of practice & has a wide experience in nursing / primary care generally. We had a proper 2 way conversation without any evidence of judgement or impatience on her part. I felt listened to and respected. She was simply very good at her job and a genuine human being I left feeling confident that, if Shona is an example of the clinical staff employed at Maryhill Practice then, should I have any reason to return, I'm likely to be in good hands. I was delighted to hear about the various services available within the Practice and how they endeavour to provide a more holistic healthcare approach I completely agree with how tired and unwelcoming the main waiting area is, I really don't think anyone who works there would disagree it needs a good sprucing up Finally, with regards to the reception staff, I've encountered them 3 times now in person and by telephone & I have nothing positive to say, sadly. If any of the reception managers / Practice manager read these posts maybe a wee supported CPD in emotional intelligence, smiles cost nothing, basic customer service, etc. I'm fully aware of exactly how difficult/challenging their job can be and the many reasons that contribute to those difficulties. However, they choose to do the job so I feel they need to take some responsibility (they are the reason for 4 not 5 stars)

Author: M O
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful service. I’m not sure why this place has 2.8 stars? I believe that’s too high! Wish I could give 0 stars. I know this is a busy surgery but it’s no excuse for their behaviour. All I’ve ever had since I started going here is bad experiences. The waiting times for appointments are insanity. Waiting a whole month just for a general appointment or a follow up to something more serious. It’s absolutely ridiculous. The Drs are mostly dismissive of any issues. Seem to think I’m being “over dramatic” about my pain and they don’t listen. Takes ages and multiple appointments just to get a dr who wants to listen to me. Had my son brushed off when he had an underlying issue just because they believed he was “a bit too young” to have the issue? Ended up getting him diagnosed in the end, thank goodness. But, nevertheless, very ageist staff. Even had an older male Dr try and accuse my son of lying about his condition just to receive stronger medication. Even went as far to ask if he was a drug addict! Absolutely disgusting. Made him very upset. Ended up having to transfer to another surgery. I, and my family, were sick to death of being treated like a nuisance, brushed off, sighed at, disrespected, ignored, rushed along. Absolutely no care or compassion whatsoever. I was so sick of wondering if I should even bother a going to appointments because I was never listened to. I always felt embarrassed after leaving. Even when I was in pain, or my kids were. I felt like I couldn’t help them because the staff just weren’t professional or caring. This is a Drs office. Start making your patients feel like they’re safe and comfortable. The absence of care is appalling. No one should feel ashamed every time they leave an appointment just because they were asking for help. And you shouldn’t be making children and teenagers upset and accusing them of being dramatic. Shameful behaviour. Very happy we all moved.

Author: M R
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Made an appointment due to severe headaches, migraines and a sudden episode of vertigo. Dr didn't examin me in any way, just looked at me and said its a "sinus infection" and prescribed antibiotics for a week. After advocating for myself by requesting a blood test, it turned out it was iron deficiency anemia and B12 deficiency. Shocking negligence! I would go elsewhere if you can, the Drs don't listen, they're very patronising and the receptionists are also rude and patronising.

Author: Dodo George
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dodo George7 months ago

Author: keegan stew
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hang up on me all the time
