Practice: YOKER MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S40525
Postcode: G14 0NT
Google Maps title: Yoker Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Yoker+Medical+Centre/@55.8883914,-4.3821247,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48884f122fc3e123:0x879b40a7713242c6!8m2!3d55.8883884!4d-4.3795444!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11bw476nyw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S40525-yoker-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: deedie
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient at this surgery for many years and have had only good experiences until today. I phoned looking to make a non urgent appointment for myself. I had to sit through the multiple phone options before I got through to the receptionist. I asked to make an appointment and I was asked" what is it for". I explained my issue and was told to go to my local pharmacy, I explained that I had been to my local pharmacy and was a bit concerned that my pain was not any better. I was then asked what pharmacy I had gone to then given a long list of all the local pharmacies where a prescribing pharmacist can be found. I have been to the pharmacy, I work in pharmacy with pharmacists i am now at the point where I need to see my doctor. but instead of an appointment i am going to have to go back to my local pharmacy and have them look at me AGAIN before telling me Again to see my doctor., by which point, no doubt I will be in flipping agony and need to be absent from work. how is this system helping anyone

Author: Smudge
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Got to be the worst Doctors Surgery in Glasgow, can never get an appointment, and receptionists are a disgrace so nosey, Where is my rights to Data Protection as these Receptionists want to know every detail about patients illnesses and making decisions on people’s calls whether they get an appointment, speak to a doctor or not is a very dangerous situation. “Receptionist” !!!!!! the job title is clear

Author: izzy wilson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Changed to yoker medical practice a few years ago ,I find reception staff are always nice & have seen both Dr McCorquindale & Dr McDermott both are really nice & very helpful ,I really like that they listen to you as a patient & I feel like they care as well which is really good too

Author: Dennis mcginley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic experience with yoker medical practice and the NHS in general, phoned at 08.45 for phone appointment, only waited 5 minutes to talk to receptionist, doctor phoned me back at 09.45,asked me to come down and see her at at 10.30, took bloods,organised a x ray at local hospital, got in and out of there in 20 minutes, cannot praise my experience enough.

Author: Menesia Keister
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The website of this surgery is putting fake information they say is open on the site but when you call the answering machine says is closed. Such poor services with clients, I once walk up till the surgery for an appointment even then she couldn't gave me an appointment

Author: James Barr
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP practices in Glasgow, friendly helpful staff and the doctors actually listen to their patients.

Author: Nicola Compton
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really lovely surgery. Staff are all friendly and helpful. In particular Dr McCorkindale and Dr McDermott have been so incredibly kind and helpful when I’ve needed support with anything. Excellent triage system for appointments and have been thankful to speak to the doctor very quickly each time I’ve had to. Practice itself is clean and efficient. Since registering our little boy after he was born they’ve been very helpful, especially if we’re having new parent panics!

Author: Амалия Аббасова
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It was a very unpleasant experience. The doctor ended the conversation without answering all of my questions, simply saying, “Pick up your prescription, have a good day.” This was especially unacceptable given that the matter concerned treatment for my child. It took me three days of trying just to get an appointment, which, unfortunately, is always very difficult. If this situation had not involved my child’s health, I would have preferred not to seek medical help at all.

Author: sheriff mac
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Been coming for 7 years and am so impressed by Doctor Mc Corkindale. Friendly and knowledgeable .She will try her best for you. The receptionists are sometimes curt but, efficient. No complaints from me.

Author: Brian Allan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
People should appreciate the work the medical centre does dr McDermott is the best really makes you feel as if there’s someone at the other end of the phone thanks
