Practice: GAIRBRAID MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S43011
Postcode: G20 8FB
Google Maps title: Gairbraid Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 20
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Gairbraid+Medical+Practice/@55.8899502,-4.2950982,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x488845b3e6821d21:0x814a1b2649ed2f59!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888458cf39ea2cb:0xca381c1ac7d598cc!8m2!3d55.8899472!4d-4.2925179!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h7k9ch26?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S43011-gairbraid-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Brown
Date: Edited 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Sadly like most NHS practises. Completely useless for mental health. I was in Valium for 30 years. Only one increase in first year.Another practise took me off and I went nuts.Had to go back as needed help. I suffer from severe anxiety,depression,agitation and insomnia.So joined this practise. Was told stop boozing to see a psychiatrist. 3 months later ,I stopped drinking.Hard work.. Went back to see the doctors.I was I'll.Doctor said No!!!!!!! Then gave me a lecture on Valium being a highly physically addictive drug with ever increasing doses.He's wrong about everybody on Valium doing that .Note I didn't even ask him for Valium.Valium is a massive crutch.Having them in your pocket meant sanity. Take them off people and you destroy them.GPs don't understand that one bit Moving on..They put me on Sertraline.ever increasing doses.Better than nothing but still very poor. Seen another doctor. She said if the Max dose of sertraline does not help your chronic insomnia.Come back and see us.after 3 days without sleep. I went back to see them .Coukd hardly speak or breathe .Seen Dr Leeper. Managed to say I was there to get help with sleep.She said. ."Pfffffftttytt.... Instant no..I lost my temper and she cancelled the abysmal consultation.Now been on the sertraline for ages.Dr Cameron phoned me up to see how I'm doing on them. I replied. Useless for agitation,not very good for insomnia.Might be helping my anxiety or I improved a bit after my last Doctors practise destroyed me.He said " happy to give you one more prescription for sertraline" come back and see us.As tho one more fortnight us going to make a difference.End of phone call .What next.I'm guessing yet more bits of chalk to get me out if the door.I don't respond to pills. But writing out a bit of paper is all the mental health healing skills doctors have. Zero empathy, zero communication between them.Sadly all GPs are the same.Bits of chalk to get you out of the door. If no good.Tough.go throw yourself out of a window.NHS doesn't do mental health just bits of chalk.Sacked me as a patient after a phone call saying how "Abysmal" they have been..Then sacked me.I recorded the call and put it on YouTube... Feel free to see if as they say I was abusive...I wasent ...They most certainly are.Search Gairbraid on YouTube. They hate the fact its there and the audio only is on a lot of sites.They are a law unto themselves. Trust them at your risk

Author: Paul Lawson
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Sadly the GPs are a law unto themselves. One tells you too do something and next time you go back another one refuses too honour what the original GP said.Untrustworthy practice

Author: John Dennis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
John Dennis1 review2 months ago

Author: Les Mcguire
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Website is an utter disaster. The website has a link to order repeat prescriptions which says i can do it on the website OR by calling up. Neither one works ?? what is the point in having an app to help manage patients requests if patients can’t even request? The instructions on the website are minimal and if they are there they could be doing with being signposted a bit better because i couldn’t find them at all. I have no idea how this website passed any kind of accessibility checks it’s totally tailored towards young people how the older generations are managing i have no idea. When my elderly father phoned up to book an appointment he was met with nothing but condescension and arrogance from a woman called tracy i believe who didn’t have an ounce of patience or compassion when explaining how to access the my gp service. My father was extremely short of breath and was struggling to speak and she kept talking over him and wouldn’t give him a chance to speak. Disgusting service for someone in a public facing role i wouldn’t expect this level of service from a teen working in mcdonald’s never mind actual adults who i presume have had extensive training. Staff really need to be spoken to as this isn’t the first time my father has been spoken to in such a way. Everyone understands they’re stressed the whole NHS is but a little kindness can go a long way.
Practice response date: 3 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your feedback. I'm sorry to hear about your father's experience. We'll certainly look into this. If you'd like to discuss this issue further please call the practice and ask to speak to our practice manager, Lynn Baird. Regarding our new online system, 'AskmyGP', we've found the best way of accessing this is via the banner at the top of our website and clicking on 'Get help online'. https://www.gairbraidmedicalpractice.co.uk/ If anybody has difficulty accessing it we still have a full team of receptionists who will be able to help on the phone, or at our reception desk.

Author: James Blair
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This new system doesn't seem to have improved the service at all Requests made seem to be followed up by receptionist calls defeating the purpose of the system itself ??

Author: Chirstine Mcguire
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is a joke.my partner went with chest pain .seen by yet another different doctor told it was indigestion bear in mind he's had high blood pressure for years.well he had heart attack. Thanks for that 1 Now waiting 12 weeks for a stemp. Thanks again. Ch6

Author: Zosia Kołodziejczyk
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If it were possible, I'd give it a 0. To make an appointment, you have to call at 8:30 a.m., ideally. If not, you won't be able to schedule an appointment even if I need it for the following week. When I was invited for an appointment, the doctor checked my symptoms on the computer, so much so that I could have verified it myself. There's a complete lack of interest in the patient. They misspelled my name, and to fix it, I have to go to the clinic. THIS PLACE IS A JOKE FOR ME. The staff is very rude and unfriendly. I DON'T RECOMMEND IT and I'm looking for a new clinic.

Author: Юра Вишневский
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've had nothing but excellent experiences at Gairbraid Medical Practice. The reception staff are always friendly, professional, and incredibly helpful — they go out of their way to make you feel welcome and supported. I’d especially like to mention Dr. Tiffany, who is compassionate, thorough, and takes the time to really listen and explain things clearly. Today I’ve been to clinic with my sore hand and was diagnosed with the goat, so the doctor helped to make an appointment for an X-Ray the same day. Her care and professionalism have made a real difference in my healthcare experience. Highly recommend this practice to anyone looking for quality, patient-centred care!

Author: Gordon Buchan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely abysmal service to the point it's almost laughable. You never see the same doctor IF your blessed by the ability to see one. Doesn't matter what is wrong with you they just don't want to see you. My last appointment was around 6 months ago and in the waiting room there was myself and maybe 6 refugees all with kids sneezing, coughing and they're mums sat on they're brand new Iphones ignoring the fact they aren't covering mouths etc. It's either our doctor has got extremely lazy after Covid or the heavy influx of refugees is making appointments gold dust. Whatever the case they need to act more like a doc surgery. Disgusted by service. Another thing, having to tell a receptionist who holds no doctor credentials what is wrong with you so you can get an appointment is just wrong

Author: Moona's on mars
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
the staff doesn’t know how to talk to people especially with conditions. Seem like they purposely yell at you over the phone just because they are mean. They ever have an appointment left doesn’t matter what time you call, been in this practice for 4 years and I can tell they are careless. Hope they all get fired. Doctors are actually okay, but again I saw them few times bcs of the mean receptionists.
