Practice: SOUTHBANK SURGERY
Canonical code: S43100
Postcode: G66 1NH
Google Maps title: Southbank Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 29
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Southbank+Surgery/@55.9374464,-4.1575635,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488842c3108b94d9:0xc612fb771a0a515a!8m2!3d55.9374434!4d-4.1549832!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w4vjhsx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S43100-southbank-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent care from Dr Iqbal and Dr Raymond . Surgery, in today's world of cut backs etc , does a sterling job in my view of putting patients first. I'm so grateful!!!!

Author: Mary Mc
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am aware there are some negative comments here but I just want to share my own recent experience. I got an appointment for a time that suited myself ( it wasn't urgent and I could wait a few days, I know this doesn't suit everyone/ every condition). The GP I saw was extremely helpful, explained everything thoroughly and came across as friendly. I only moved to this practice a few years ago, having moved from a different local authority , and so far it has been a great wee practice. Thankfully, I'm not visiting the practice often but when I have had to visit all staff from reception staff, GPs, practice nurses, have all been very helpful.

Author: Lindsay Mackenzie
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless system for booking an appointment. If you are a full time professional with young children - forget it. There’s an incredibly small window of opportunity to book, an overly complicated number of days in advance. Understand there needs to be a way to reduce wasted appointments but this is neither a fair, nor sensible system.

Author: Sandy Nelson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just recently made an appointment with Southbank surgery. Got given an appointment the same day I phoned. I felt the Dr listened well. A whole ream of requests for tests written. I had the results of two within a couple of days. A really positive visit which I am grateful for, hence the five stars.

Author: David Weir
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
The list of staff is way out of date, for example Dr. Debbie Campbell retired at least 2 years ago. What else is wrong/missing?

Author: Paul Wallace
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul WallaceLocal Guide · 3 reviewsa year ago

Author: Stewart Thomson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every GP surgery is hard to obtain an appointment but I called this morning at 0815 and got an appointment for 0915. Staff great as are the doctors. The issue of appointments is across the NHS.

Author: Eileen Wilkinson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have an ongoing medical complaint and the frustration of acquiring an appointment defeats me. This morning I phoned at 8.13 lines closed, at 8.14, lines closed, 8.15 elevator music then you are currently (42) in the queue! That’s a record it’s usually 20 odds. I held for 45 mins! Call answered by Dr Law I requested an appointment to be told there were none left! I’d been calling all week and on learning each call I was 20 something I gave up waiting! I asked doctor why there were not enough appointments explaining my attempts. Not once did she ask why I needed to see a doctor. She went on to tell me that all practices are the same and that she herself couldn’t get an appointment with her GP!!! She told me of the influx of newly registered patients approx no 8,000! I asked why they registered new patients when already so stretched. She blamed it on the new house building causing a high demand!!! She then moaned that she was really sick with a bad cold and ( probably) shouldn’t even be in work all week! YA THINK? An exchange of me questioning the practice management and she said” I did have a couple of free appointments and was going to offer you one but they’re gone now”! She then complained that I had wasted 8 Minuit of her time! I was cross and asked why she didn’t offer me those other doctors and she began waffling again and I said whatever and was about to ask her to give me the appointment for Monday 8/4/24 to which she said three times I’m ending this call and did!! No appointment oh and she told me there were no other appointments available for next day and that I’d have to phone after 8.15 for availability?! The practice gets a yearly stipend for each patient regardless of whether they are seen or not. 8.000 registered patients should enable them to hire more doctors I imagine. They are so inefficient and indifferent to patient needs.

Author: Libby Jamieson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with the practice for many years as have my elderly parents, I have always had great service from both clinical staff and admin staff . Their job is not an easy one but credit where credit is due , I find them to be a lovely ,helpful and compassionate bunch ❤️ I know some people give bad reviews but I think that may be down to the expectation of the patient in relation to how they THINK the GP system SHOULD work as opposed the the reality of what the system actually provides .Keep up the good work !

Author: Irene Watson
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful treatment. Phoned to try get an appointment with doctor in the afternoon. Was really unwell. So they put me through to speak to the doctor on emergency calls. Was told to come to surgery so she could check me over. When I get there all she kept saying was that I should of phoned in the morning to get an appointment. I told her I didn't waken till late as I could not sleep during the night. Then she said, do you not keep your phone beside your bed? As soon as you woke you should of phoned. She was so irate and more interested in berating me and quickly checked me over and said that she could not find anything wrong with me. Yet I've been suffering severe neck pain, pain around my ears, breathlessness for over a year and now I felt I had swollen glands in my neck and genuinely felt terrible and weak. I got sent home and told i wasn't dying. This was just before Christmas. They have not listened to a word I said and I will never return as they truly affected my wellbeing and made me feel worthless. I also requested my medical notes as I've been with them a very long time. You know what? It looks like they just write whatever they want. No wonder if you see another doctor in the practise they don't see on your notes what you were in for the last time you seen a doctor. Thankfully I had written down every appointment and what I was there for this last year and none of it was recorded properly on my medical notes. I will never return to that Surgery.
