Practice: MARYHILL RED PRACTICE
Canonical code: S43311
Postcode: G20 8FB
Google Maps title: The Maryhill Red Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 9
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Maryhill+Red+Practice/@55.8900883,-4.2951343,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x488845b3e6821d21:0x5621ee0dfd4b28a7!4m8!3m7!1s0x488845b3540621b1:0x64be2864d530b63a!8m2!3d55.8900853!4d-4.292554!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11ftynr_9r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 9
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S43311-maryhill-red-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carolé Grelou
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Genuinely, honest to god, worst doctors reception I've ever had experience with. I'm a most of the year healthy person, so no need to be irritated by me as if I take up too much time. Never asked too much or been a pain. Once you get through reception - the doctors themselves (the ones I've had anyway) are lovely and great, but the battle at reception is enough to make you not want to get your health seen to - and just let yourself wither away from whatever makes you sick. This combined with the absolute mayhem you go through trying to make an appointment, eg; You try and make a regular appointment: "Just call in the morning." then you call in the morning and get told "Well that's not really an emergency, is it?". Nobody WANTS to be at the doctors. They have to go. Reception needs a complete staff re-haul before someone ends up so sick from avoiding this horrible place - and not getting to see the doctor - that they end up not recovering from it.

Author: Liz Thomson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always find the receptionists very helpful, been with the practice for 44 yrs. and been very satisfied with the practice.

Author: Malachi Rooney
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Don't know why there's so many negative reviews, I've only ever had good experiences here. Staff are nice and understanding.

Author: gintautas zaleckis
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
gintautas zaleckis6 reviews10 months ago

Author: Amélie May
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Had nothing but horrible experiences with this GP surgery since moving to university nearby. Every time I have called the reception staff have been consistently rude, dismissive and unhelpful. Every time I order my prescriptions to a local pharmacy they never arrive and I, or the pharmacist, have had to chase them up multiple times. This has often meant I go without important medication, even though I order them with plenty of time. An exception is Dr Jessica Lynas, who when I saw her was lovely - extremely understanding and receptive to my issues, listened to everything I had to say and discussed solutions in depth with me. However, I was made to feel extremely uncomfortable by one of the male GP’s I previously saw and his comments to me. He repeatedly asked me if I needed birth control and asked about my sexual activity though it was completely unrelated to my problem and denied at the beginning of the appointment. As a 19-year-old girl, this seemed very inappropriate and understandably made me uncomfortable leaving me very confused and angry. Overall a poorly run and insensitive practice which provides less than the basic standard of care and human respect and needs an extensive review. A wholly unpleasant experience which has caused me to switch surgery.

Author: Miscarriage of justice
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service Doc left practice and no one told me

Author: M M
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had an extremely frustrating experience with the reception team. The team seems completely uninterested in addressing the root cause of any issue. My situation was that the repeat prescription system was not functioning properly, leading to my prescription being lost for three months before I could even trace its whereabouts. Despite explaining the issue multiple times, I was assured that my medication would be ready for collection at the Buyers Road location. After numerous phone calls, I took the time off work to visit in person—only to find out that my prescription had been sent to the pharmacy at the Practice instead. The lack of communication, accountability, and willingness to help is truly disappointing. The reception team clearly needs a lot more training on what customer service looks like. Shame!

Author: osayerwmer johnson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
osayerwmer johnsona year ago

Author: Carl Peter
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
First visit to maryhill red practice and must say I'm well pleased. staff at reception very helpful and polite and helped me to register to use online services. If I could rate 10 stars I certainly would.
