Practice: GLENMILL MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S46057
Postcode: G33 1EY
Google Maps title: Glenmill Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Glenmill+Medical+Practice/@55.8786215,-4.1963944,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488843c262219fe7:0xff887ff662f670dd!8m2!3d55.8786185!4d-4.1938141!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ts3kstm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S46057-glenmill-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stephen Dickson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My first time visiting this practice today and I'm not surprised their ratings are so low, the assigned doctor wouldn't listen to a word I had to say and sent me for an X-ray that he said to my face would come back clear because it wouldn't pick up what was wrong with me. He refused to send me for a CAT scan that I had already been told on multiple occasions from other professionals was necessary and instead offered me fatigue-inducing pain killers that prevent me from carrying out my full-time job instead of looking for a genuine solution to fix the problem once and for all. When I phoned up the reception to mark on my file that I didn't want him to be my assigned doctor, the operator replied "I don't really know what you want me to do" - as if anybody else is capable of marking that on my file. No idea why receptionist staff for the NHS feel like they can speak to you like utter crap, as though it's not their job to take your call and that you are putting them out by contacting them the only way you're allowed to. 3 months on from the injury I suffered and the trip to the doctors today felt like it was the first time I was visiting anybody about it. The doctor sat with a full written history of what has occurred with this injury and spoke to me as though it happened yesterday, as if nobody has advised me of anything, treated me or given me any timescales within which I should see improvement (we have long since passed this timescale).

Author: Gerald McCoy
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Most of the staff are really nice and good at their job, but Dr Samir Shukla really shouldn't be working in his profession. 1. told my dad who was complaining about pain in two different areas "can only deal with one thing at a time" 2. had a kidney infection couple year ago and told me there was nothing that can be done and he didn't know what it was (still waiting on the urine sample) went to my local chemist who recommended i go to A&E at the royal, something Shukla could've done in all his years as a Doctor, though calling him a Doctor feels overly generous. 3. spoke to him about potential hair loss treatment and he just thobbed me of by not listening. His attitude reeks of "I would rather be doing anything other than helping you, but i suppose i'm paid to at least say something." Update: a while back I went for an appointment there, asked not to see Shukla and the receptionist's tone sounded almost offended, who then told me that Shukla no longer works there anymore, despite his LinkedIn still registering him as being there and letters from the practice still having his name attached. Either the reception staff's standards have dropped to match Shukla's or there's a massive issue that's not been raised with them.

Author: larraine irvine
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always find the staff very helpful. Phone calls get answered quickly. Doctors, nurses and reception staff are great.

Author: Quiet guy
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
AVOID please please listen to me

Author: Nico Balducci
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They gave me a prescription dated 18.11.25 i dont even take those tablets anymore. Spoken to like trash when i arrived. Verbally abused twice. My script chucked at me and told i was lucky someone was there to sign it. Do not come to this surgery. I have removed my 5* review.

Author: Emily li
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
That’s totally terrible GP. I registered , need to book appointment with doctor. I waked up at 8:45 and wait until 9am. When they answered my call, refused to give me any appointments to meet the doctor. She asked me to go to hospital instead. So , why do we need to register GP? How can they refuse to provide any appointments.

Author: Stacie Boale
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always lovely staff and doctors are really nice they actually listen to you .

Author: iHappySlap
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Always a bad experience, THEY DONT KNOW WHAT THEY ARE DOING.

Author: billy bhoy
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice just keeps getting worse. They have made it impossible to get an appointment by phone or in person.

Author: Stephen Mccormick
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Registered with this local GP after being in a RTC and was advised that I was to come round at 9am following morning, I called the practice 45 times to get threw to 1 cheeky receptionist 'jackie' to be precise! Stating that I wouldn't be seen until endof day after being advised I would be seen first thing as it was a RTC and when I replied I'd be better going to A&E I was told AYE that's what to do! Then told I didn't call also! Place is a joke and no compassion from staff who are working with people who are ill or suffering some sort of medical issue!! I have reported to SPSO and would advise that any local people avoid this practice as it isn't public friendly. Call log attached
