Practice: TOWNHEAD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S46019
Postcode: G31 2ES
Google Maps title: Townhead Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 91
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Townhead+Medical+Practice/@55.8654761,-4.2344627,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTOWNHEAD+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+G31+2ES!3m8!1s0x4888415617fd0cc3:0xb075195ee2ef77eb!8m2!3d55.8655535!4d-4.2309251!9m1!1b1!15sCiFUT1dOSEVBRCBNRURJQ0FMIFBSQUNUSUNFIEczMSAyRVOSAQZkb2N0b3LgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4bxz01?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S46019-townhead-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Fernando Rodriguez.
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Okay I was worried poeple may have been too exaggerated in the reviews. But ever since this became my local GP way too many bad experiences I've had here. Attention is far from acceptable.

Author: Donnie Bain
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been with this surgery since the beginning of November and they've never successfully delivered my prescription to me on the first attempt even once.

Author: Evelyne
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wanted to book an appointment, saited 5min to get through. Once I said 'I would like to book a GP appointment ' the person on the other side just hung up.. and I can tell it was on purpose..witjout saying anything! Ridiculous. And I am being rippped off my salary every month for this??

Author: Donald Wright
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very friendly and helpful staff, who went out of their way to ask other colleagues for more information about questions I had. Google maps doesn't seem to be very helpful for directions to the practice. Take the Alexandra Parade entrance into the Queen Elizabeth building and go down a floor. Then once you pass the Townhead pharmacy take a right, go through some doors, and turn right again, go along a corridor and you'll reach the practice.

Author: jason weir
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Over the last 2 years I have seen Dr Thomas twice. I've been suffering from chronic fatigue and pain in my joints. The first time I saw Dr Thomas I explained my situation and his answer was "what are you wanting from this appointment? "......erm for you to try and find me a diagnosis and treatment. I was made to feel like I was faking it and I ended up leaving feeling like an idiot and doubting myself. I was only capable for working 3 days a week for nearly 2 years and suffer extreme pain . I did get another appointment with Dr Swan who was amazing and compassionate, I think she could see i was struggling and at breaking point. She got me painkillers, xrays and physio appointments and I left her appointment feeling alot better about myself. I saw Dr Thomas for something else unrelated and the appointment was just as bad as the first one stating that I just need to stop smoking weed which 100% wasn't the issue . After 2 years I've finally been diagnosed by a Dr from a different clinic who diagnosed me with Ehlers Danlos Syndrome which causes pain in joints and heavy fatigue . Dr Thomas should be ashamed, his posture and demeanor both times I've seen him screams that he doesn't care and he just wants you gone as soon as he can. Dr Swan on the other hand is a wee gem. I hope she's still there as it's been a while but that's who I'll be asking for next time.

Author: eliana alpert
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
eliana alpert1 review5 months ago

Author: Wioleta Wieczorek
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After being registered at this clinic for 12 years, I feel compelled to share my thoughts based on my experiences with the receptionists and doctors. The reception area is where someone without any medical training has the authority to decide whether you're sick enough to see a doctor. It's a place where you can feel belittled and insignificant, regardless of whether you're being rude, polite, or shy. Those who should be treating you with dignity, respect, and empathy often leave you feeling frustrated and undervalued. If you know your rights and the relevant laws, there's a risk that they might threaten to report you to the manager or remove you from their list of patients. Answering patient calls seems to be a challenge for them, as they're often preoccupied with chatting with colleagues or on their phones. I've witnessed this situation numerous times. Throughout my years here, I’ve only encountered one male receptionist who made me feel valued and prioritized my health—well done to him. As for the doctors, while you can usually get any medication you want, don’t expect a proper diagnosis or a genuine passion for patient care. Just a reminder, pain is not a normal condition; it always has a cause. There’s a reason behind why you feel unwell, and it’s important to recognize that. Ps.Im not register with this clinic anymore, as I value myself enough to leave.

Author: John Cleeve
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have Been coming to townhead medical practice now for 12 years, everyone is nice and pleasant l always find l get my appointments to see doctors or nurses fairly quickly and receptionists are very nice and polite.

Author: Shivaniba Ahirwar
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shivaniba AhirwarLocal Guide · 8 reviews7 months ago

Author: Aneesha Anand
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such lovely and kind staff - both clinical and the reception team! I wish there was a way to provide compliments/ thanks to specific staff via their website.
