Practice: CARNTYNE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S46146
Postcode: G32 6JP
Google Maps title: Carntyne Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 41
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Carntyne+Medical+Centre/@55.8592138,-4.1978462,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888415c2f22ef3f:0x2cb12dbb11b41a73!8m2!3d55.8592108!4d-4.1952659!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc74n17y?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S46146-carntyne-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carolann Cunningham
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A great Medical Centre the ladies on reception are amazing so helpful and always happy to help on phone great centre.

Author: Kristina Benedetto
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since my last post was removed I will re post it Stay clear at all costs from this medical practice if you care about your health. I joined this practice 2 months ago due to moving house my last gp couldn’t keep me on due to the postcode change unfortunately .I am currently 8 month pregnant and have been suffering with a flu/viral infection for over 6 weeks due to having this flu jab and whopping cough jab that had been offered to me for my pregnancy. being pregnant I was very concerned about my self and my own unborn baby when I started to get flu like symptoms that gradually got worse so I reached out to this gp practice for help. When I seen the gp they never gave me any sort of medication or even any sympathy whatsoever or care I ended up going to the out of hours gp as I couldn’t handle it any longer, which then the out of ours gp prescribed me a course of antibiotic as my symptoms were very bad they where very shocked to learn that not just one but 4 gps that I had seen in this practice did nothing to help me. Even my midwife advised me to change practices asap as this gp didn’t not care or want to help. Am so thankful that I voice recorded every session I had with each gp that I seen in this practice to show how incompetent and how ignorant they were to my situation it’s very dangerous to have the flu/viral infection for more than 5 weeks especially when your pregnant and this gp just did not care I told the last gp that I seen in the practice that not only was it effecting me physically but also mentally and I was feeling suicidal due to the impact on my health and emotions from being pregnant and suffering with this illness and the gp replied she couldn’t help me and to go speak to a mental health team and ended the consultation. I did them speak to my mental health provider and again there were shocked the gp let me go especially when I spoke about my mental health as the gp still has a duty of care for patients that are struggling mentally. thank god I recorded her and will be making a formal complaint against the practice and it’s gps. I hope no one ever experiences what i did especially only being there for two month an i can say the gps there did not know anything and had to google everything which made me feel even more concerned about my health and wellbeing complete totally incompetence Carntyne medical centre should be ashamed of there Self I hope they care reflect and change them selfs so another person doesn’t suffer like I did. And to add more insult to injury I had my very last prescription made by this practice which had my monthly medication which when I went to the pharmacy they told me that Carntyne medical centre had cancelled it so I couldn’t get it how petty they really are but thankfully I have moved to the forge medical practice and what a difference night to day makes. Think twice before joining this practice please!!!!

Author: Pedro Fernandez agudo
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They should change the people in reception they don’t listen and put in risk the health of the patients l ask for my prescriptions carefully to order all the items I need and again and again is some item missing is my medication for the heart transplant not food order those receptionist dont care about the patients it seem that they only care about the money at the end of the month and that’s it that people should be changed for competitive professionals and don’t waste more money from the N.H.S

Author: Charles Docherty
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff very rude , they should practice better phone manners to patients , no wonder they have only one doctor working .

Author: atanas dyakov
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife and I had been registered with this practice for the past 5 years and it has been a constant disappointment. I can’t begin to describe the amount of hassle we’ve had with rude and ignorant receptionists, the amount of time wasted in pointless consultations with GPs which lead to nothing. We had our daughter a couple of months ago and the negligence of GPs at this practice has led to health issues with our baby. For whatever reason I was under the impression that we couldn’t register elsewhere but 2 weeks ago we registered with Lightburn Medical Centre and the difference is night and day. If you’re a parent or simply care about your health - DO NOT REGISTER AT CARNTYNE MEDICAL CENTRE.

Author: Helen Mitchell
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great practice and lovely helpful staff. I am really grateful particularly for the care the team give to my elderly father; nothing is ever too much trouble.

Author: Karen
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had a shocking experience with this practice but they seem to have removed my review .receptionists , rude , unhelpful no empathy for sick people . It took me to move practices to get diagnosed with a terminal condition . Please change practices people this place is not going to change

Author: ali abbod
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
ali abbod1 review · 1 photoa year ago

Author: Andrew Mulligan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Docs are amazing - especially Wilde. Helped me so much over the past year. but the receptionists lie which can tech can put your life at risk of you need certain medication. Tried to get a call back and was told my medication is on repeat so call back at half 10. Called them and said it wasn't on repeat and to call the next day after 4.....well if I knew that I would have still asked for a call back coz I've to call back the next day after 4 to see if it's ready. My tablets were running out and that night and wouldn't be able to get them again for atleast 2days and after telling the receptionist, they never seemed bothered about it. 'Just ask someone else'.....that is not always an option and I work on the other side of the bloody city using public transport!

Author: Connor O'Hara
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is at breaking point. Avoid. Staff hate their jobs. Trying to cut back. You are asked to phone at 8.30am for GP appointments, placed in a queue of 30/40/50 people and told by 8.35am there are no appointments available call back tomorrow…then you are told the same thing.
