Practice: WESTMUIR MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S46339
Postcode: G31 5RA
Google Maps title: Westmuir Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 40
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Westmuir+Medical+Centre/@55.8502667,-4.1932348,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888414270da5557:0x4ba94e90d39e6e46!8m2!3d55.8502637!4d-4.1906545!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c2kgt43j?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S46339-westmuir-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bekka
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently contacted the GP practice and was disappointed during the call. The staff member I spoke with was unfamiliar with terms such as “open referral,” which I believe is fairly standard in healthcare and insurance processes (its a shame) Staff should better be trained/updated on such basic terminology to ensure patients receive accurate and efficient support. Also we understand GP practises are very busy but would appreciate if the staff can be bit more polite and supportive during the calls.

Author: Jessica
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently joined this practice and have been thoroughly impressed by the entire team. From the reception staff to the nurses and doctors, everyone has been incredibly warm and approachable. It's clear that there is a strong ethos of providing a high standard of patient care, and I have felt well taken care of since day one. Thank you, Westmuir Street Medical Practice, for making my experience so positive. I truly appreciate all that you do!

Author: Tosin Akinkugbe
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I called for my prescription and they have an answering machine where you are to leave what you want. Called back an hour after, and the lady I called said I should call back the next day to see if they have got what I requested on the answering machine. She did not even ask for my details or ask what I wanted. They are just going to listen the nest day Then when will I get my medication? Terrible

Author: Albatool Albazoni
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Its like they want 'rude and unhelpful' on the cv of their receptionists. I haven't gotten and appointment in years and they arent considerate of their patients circumstances at all, god forbid someone is at work and isn't able to get an appointment from an 8am call that has a waiting time of a million hours with that stupid song they play on repeat. Mind u the one time I managed to get an appointment for a family member th3 doctors said they've been seeing the same group of people for weeks, so like is there a damn points system we arent aware of? More points = more visits ig And if I could make this a minus review then I would bc u dont even deserve 1 star

Author: Momosun
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible place, inefficient and rude! The reception is a joke

Author: benny boy
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking I'm making a formal complaint went in with mental health problems wich btw was not easy took a total melt down infront ov the doctor who seid he would prescribe me a sleeping tablet short term (diazepam) so i could get a sleep because iv had 3 or 4 hours sleep each night for the past 2 week and have 5 children seid he would call at end ov the day but didn't get the call called today to be told there is no notes made to feel like some sort ov junkie and i don't even take drugs there answer to everything is antidepressants wich I'M NOT taking I'm not depressed i need to fix the problem just just become a zombie and numb my feelings i will be making a formal complaint this is pure negligence not even sure if they have referred to me the mental health team like they claimed because iv heard nothing from them no wonder people take there own life they go asking for help and get made to feel humiliated not sure how to change practice but i will be for sure

Author: Celine Thornton
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been on call since this morning yet still waiting to talk to someone at 10:44am! Also asked 111 to call back as this GP seems never to pick up their phones when someone is in dire need of their help. Im really not happy.

Author: Helen Graham
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had a bad experience in this practice.Dr cathcart is amazing always ask for her.Nurses are extremely helpful as is reception staff.You can have a long wait to get through but it's a very busy practice.The Male Doctors are also good but i prefer going to Dr Cathcart have been going to her for years.And Lynn the nurse has recently left I miss her she was just lovely.The New nurse is so nice as is Sarah .

Author: Ryan Devine
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Westmuir death centre more like ☠️☠️☠️

Author: paul Maplonker
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking service ,constantly ignored ,waiting ages to get thru for appointments,staff rather be on their phones or having coffee than to ther jobs
