Practice: THE MUIRSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S46305
Postcode: G69 7AD
Google Maps title: Muirside Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Muirside+Practice/@55.8495303,-4.1186685,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488841e6176db8bf:0x7e781a9aa7f582fc!8m2!3d55.8495273!4d-4.1160882!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1q6n2tn7l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S46305-the-muirside-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Taylor Mcdevitt
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Taylor Mcdevitt3 reviews3 weeks ago New

Author: Adele Innes
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent receptionists who work tirelessly but don't always get the recognition they deserve. The extra volume of patients due to the ever growing area must be exceptionally hard work for everyone involved. When you don't get an answer, it's not because the staff are sitting doing nothing, they are answering other calls and often from challenging callers. Clearly the NHS are looking at ways to reduce appointment requests, and some changes have helped -like minor ailments and pharmacists able to prescribe (in certain conditions) It can't be easy handling these calls each day as everyone thinks their needs are the greatest. The speed of processing prescription requests is impressive, often done in just one day. I'm glad they display the number on 'no-shows' - large number of patients getting an appointment but not bothering to turn up or cancel - shameful! The doctors and nurses also do a great job, all under challenging circumstances. I think we should appreciate the positives rather than always focus on the negatives. We're very fortunate to have the NHS and it must be a very hard job. Thank you all. Well deserved 5*

Author: Michelle Bruke
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Paulina, Don't waist you time going to him!!! A horrible little creep he speaks to ppl like crap,

Author: Kirsty Mceachern
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Been with this practice since the days of drs Scott, McKinnon and Harper. In the past five years I’ve had various serious illnesses and cannot fault the doctors at all. Special mention to Liam. The guy is great. Friendly, knowledgeable and always pleasant

Author: Katie Strawhorn
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I wouldn't recommend the practice at all, ive been in 3 times in the past week no help whatsoever ill definitely be moving practice or going private.

Author: Natalie “Tally” M
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful practice. They make false accusations about patients and mistreat them. They have a zero tolerance for bad behaviour but have zero understanding of mental illness that causes challenging behaviour. They discriminate and stigmatise often. They claim they are all uncomfortable and feel manipulated by me but I never did anything except beg for help in crisis. Yes, I'd challenging behaviour but that was due to being the victim of a significant crime (SA and domestic violence and attempted murder) so yeah, I wasn't doing too good. They've blacklisted me due to my crises and I'm disgusted. I'm glad I'm not a patient here. Disgraceful. I've absolutely no faith or trust for this practice and/or a new practice. Don't bother registering here if you've mental health challenges. They'll accuse you of abusive behaviour if you've a meltdown or a crisis because they don't have a clue how to deal with it. Victim blaming is what I believe it is. What an absolute disgrace and let down this is. Mental health services are just as difficult. I've zero faith in the NHS. no wonder people with mental health problems don't ask for help. Accusations thrown at you because you aren't coping. Karma will come for them. Please consider all this if you've mental health problems. They don't wanna know and don't care.

Author: Paul Casey
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with practice 56 years when it was in Brachinne road Dr Scot and Mc Kinnon . Now moved from garrowhill to barlanark don’t cover but area but do Shettleston cover G69 well that goes out as far kirkintilock ?

Author: E
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I am in the process of leaving this practice because I've had enough. Phone appointments are strictly 8.30am. No concessions for those of us who commute, have the school run, or work early mornings. I missed my phone call because the GP phoned earlier than expected. Next appointment is in 2 weeks time for a 5 minute phone call. Additionally, some (not all) of the receptionists have a shockingly rude attitude. If you phone for a same day appointment, you are brusquely told that you have reached the "emergency line". You are left grappling to justify why you need an "emergency" same day appointment, instead of waiting for 3 or 4 weeks for the next available one. I have no doubt that the job is stressful however I personally worked for NHS24 as a call handler throughout the whole of covid with hundreds of patients in the queue and waiting times of over 2hrs, and if I spoke to patients the way some of these receptionists do then I would have been fired. On a separate occasion I waited 1hr and 40 minutes to get through book a routine appointment. When I eventually got through, I was hung up on. No one called me back. I cannot find any details of how to make an official complaint, aside from “contact the practise manager” but good luck in getting through to reception to find out the details.

Author: Brian T
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
What I fail to understand is why the service provided has become significantly worse since the pandemic. The wait time for appointments and prescriptions have gone up (understandable during the pandemic) but never returned to pre-pandemic levels. Even the available hours, closing on English bank holidays etc, didn't happen before COVID and I see no reason to accept it now. My own view is that people appear willing to put up with this sub standard and not raise objection to it. The simple question ought to be "why can't they provide the same, or better, service as they did in 2019" now that we are well past the pandemic...

Author: chris tonky
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to call the surgery! Forget about it. Been in position 9 for 2 days now. Worst surgery in the uk. Tried calling at 16:00, closed!! Hopeless!
