Practice: PRACTICE B
Canonical code: S49041
Postcode: G42 7DR
Google Maps title: Practice B Govanhill Health Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 26
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Practice+B+Govanhill+Health+Centre/@55.837312,-4.2609941,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x488846ecf8a9c143:0xb0172be90a40a93a!4m8!3m7!1s0x488846ec569497af:0x85a804530d9d09b3!8m2!3d55.837309!4d-4.2584138!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc31q8vk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S49041-practice-b.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Inness Yeoman
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
Despite the practice and internal pharmacy being extremely over-crowded, my recent experience with my doctor here has been positive compared to previous doctors. This time, they actually listened a despite stigmas surrounding my health condition, they prescribed me a 'safe supply' trusting me to use my prescription as prescribed which I have indeed done so. However, at my last practice in Pollokshields I was able to get an appointment within three days max, and they would actually go out their way to try see if they could squeeze me in the same day if someone had cancelled. Instead here YOU WILL WAIT UP TO 2.5 WEEKS for an appointment. If you phone for an emergency appointment you will be interrogated over the phone instead of simply being asked your symptoms. They ask you to go extremely deep into the explanation of your symptoms as if you may be trying to trick them into getting a same-day appointment. Being sleep deprived for days is apparently not a good enough reason for them to give you an emergency appointment. This, despite the receptionists being nice on their good day is inherintely unsafe and a real let-down.

Author: Pat Gallagher
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Pat GallagherLocal Guide · 47 reviews · 67 photosa month ago

Author: Dani
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My most recent opinion, September 2025 1 star: If you can pick other practice please do. Practice B Govanhill is becoming worse and worse! On the wall, they literally have a paper saying "one patient per appointment, one problem, 10 minutes". I was there for 5 minutes and the doctor gave me this number to call to book bloods. The number is also confusing because it starts with "this line is to discuss appointments only and not to book blood tests", what wasn't told to me was that the doctor had already requested the bloods so the only thing it was to be done was book a date/time. But why couldn't the doctor have booked this if there was still time left on the appointment she had with me? I understand that the NHS has lack of funds but this is not even completing their job... How can people trust to speak about their concerns when there's no faith on the doctors here?... Previous review May 2025 3 stars: As someone mentioned before, it's a complete mixed bag. You have professionals here that know how to treat and handle with people and others that are there because it is a job. I had extremely nice nurses taking my bloods and others less sympathetic but still professional, receptionists were the same, especial attention to Laura, she is fab! But doctors... I cannot stress enough how Dr. Pirret made me question her credibility based on the phone appointment I had with her. She seemed distracted and that didn't want to be there. I requested to get the call log back to see what she had written on my file and she hadn't written important key words (even if it was) regarding my concerns. Now... I am very careful to not question doctors as they are the ones with the degrees and not me with my Google search. But people in general are hearing so many bad diagnoses cases, where situations get worse unnecessarily, that we have to force for a second opinion that I don't know... it made lose a bit of faith in the system. For this situation, I've requested a different appointment to go through the same issue, was given an appointment 14 days after and Dr Baryah was excellent. Went through properly the issue, listened to the symptoms I told.

Author: Mohamed Farook
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
"In my experience practice A, is a caring & efficient service."

Author: Karen Stewart
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Karen Stewart8 reviews7 months ago

Author: C B
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
C BLocal Guide · 89 reviews · 13 photos8 months ago

Author: A A
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible. Practice manager called Pamela just shut down a complaint threatened to terminate practice. She said she was unwilling to investigate her staff member misconduct as its her pal and threatened to remove me. G.P practice managers refusing to investigate concerns11

Author: Jackie Chan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed going out from hospital call on phone do order prescription last week Wednesday today got Tuesday and looks reception it’s not guilty I wait still for call from gp inform me prescription ready this is really big joke GP don’t care about patients !!! It’s very bad experience at all

Author: Natalie Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very friendly receptionists, quick to get appointments and exceptionally kind doctors and nurses who really pay attention and listen to concerns.

Author: gringlor
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
mixed bag.
