Practice: BUTTERBIGGINS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S49267
Postcode: G42 7AF
Google Maps title: Butterbiggins Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 63
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Butterbiggins+Medical+Centre/@55.8405979,-4.2635047,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48884692d6822cef:0xbf0ce40918728211!8m2!3d55.8405949!4d-4.2609244!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vl9r1s4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S49267-butterbiggins-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sally Clegg
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Sally CleggLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 10 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: Jan Sproul
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice is a shambles from start to finish phlebotomist tell lies via text stating they don't do bloods at practice while in with my husband getting his blood pressure & bloods done DOH wait 12 Doctors working days for beta blockers & according to a receptionist they have over 5 thousand patients God help anyone at this practice No STARS FROM ME As this surgery records all phone calls I would advise patients to record all phone calls to & from this practice Just read its one of the worst 13 practices in Glasgow in 2025 The Truth is in the surveys

Author: mjchristie100
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you plan to phone this practice to check whether your prescription is ready, think again. They do not like answering calls to confirm prescription status. As a result, patients are often forced to travel in person with no guarantee that their prescription will actually be ready. This has been made “practice policy” by management, supposedly due to “overworked staff,” although in my experience the practice often appears quiet when I attend. This attitude shows a serious lack of respect for patients’ time, health, and basic needs. It is a system that puts convenience for management above patient care, and it urgently needs to change. Anyone considering joining this practice should take this into account. My experience with pain management at this practice was especially poor. Getting appointments has become increasingly difficult, with phone lines only open for a very short window. Today I called at 11:22 a.m. and there was no one available to answer or offer an appointment. I had to GP practice because I have had enough. I formally raised these issues and they were ignored. Clinical minimisation and fob-offs are becoming more common, and I am relieved to have left. NHS patients deserve respect too — not just NHS staff. Because of the failures in care, I was eventually left in such severe pain that I had to rely on the out-of-hours GP. I was then referred the same day to an emergency orthopaedic specialist, who correctly diagnosed me with spondylosis — not a muscle spasm, as this practice had repeatedly claimed. In my view, this practise operates under a clinical model of what I would term communal narcissism.

Author: Ann Martin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient of this surgery since it was in Bowman Street and then to Butterbiggins Medical Centre I have never ever in all my time there had a problem with any of the receptionists or the GP’s they have always been very nice caring and helpful with me My GP is Dr Sarah Sanaghan who has always went above and beyond her call of duty with me She is so patient kind and understanding and so easy to talk to This REMARKABLE LADY was there for me when I was at my lowest and that has been many many times in the past and always kept in contact with me I owe MY LIFE to Dr Sanaghan and when my partner passed away she was there for me ALWAYS and as for the receptionists they are extremely nice I have been dealing with a young receptionists a few times very recently called CANDY I ame in awe of this young lady she was so lovely kind and understanding and got my problem fixed out in 10mins I think that some of the patients giving bad reviews should maybe look at themselves first and ask themselves maybe it’s MY ATTITUDE that’s causing Receptionists Nurses and Gp’s to have an attitude because as far as I am concerned if this is true ( which I don’t believe for one minute the person they are dealing with has obviously been rude or obnoxious in one way or another

Author: Stacey Campbell
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff go above and beyond ! I was a new patient and they helped sort my medication and signed me up with a local chemist to even collect it from the practice , the girls on reception were fantastic and I really appreciate them all .

Author: Jack Willison
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff have always been polite and helpful when I've been in touch for GP appointments.

Author: William Macleod
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff and doctors were exceptionally efficient and friendly, would strongly recommend this medical centre

Author: Nina Donnelly
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Genuinely one of the most horrific GP's in Glasgow. The phone system is a sick joke and the receptionists are always the most awful, rude, unhelpful people. Called in to get blood tests done and two weeks go by with no results. Am obviously very anxious and concerned about the results so I call asking about them. The receptionists bluntly replies that there's no tests been sent in, despite me physically going in to give the test. Someone has obviously messed up. No apology though, and no attempt to help. Switching asap

Author: Emma McNeill
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just had a great experience with a reception staff member. They were so kind, friendly and got me sorted quickly. Just wish I'd caught her name!

Author: Kaba B
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Kaba B6 months ago
