Practice: THE VILLAGE PRACTICE - THORNLIEBANK
Canonical code: S52255
Postcode: G46 8NY
Google Maps title: McColl Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 21
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/McColl+Medical+Practice/@55.8076109,-4.3206692,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488847d0345a6fd1:0x6a1fd993ed302536!8m2!3d55.8076079!4d-4.3180889!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1txy1xw8?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S52255-the-village-practice-thornliebank.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sebastian Kamphaus
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sebastian Kamphaus3 reviews · 3 photos3 months ago

Author: Courtney Healy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This Practice is dangerous. Please, stay away. Dr Mcglauglin, does not care about his patients--only in keeping his practice open. They are pill pushers, and have no interest in patient well-being. They also, sent me s letter of missed appointments, threatening to ''remove'' me from the practice, when it was their doing that. They left me in so much pain with PCOS, that I can't eat and often can't leave my bed. My cousin died last year, 27 with a baby girl. She had a auto-immune disease, they knew this, they also knew that she was prone to blood clots. The GP SENT HER TO DERMATOLOGY. THE GP PRACTICE CAN'T TELL THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN BLOOD CLOTS AND A SKIN CONDITION. Our family could tell the difference, however, and no one believed us until we went to the hospital, and dermatology were furious that someone with blood clots was sent there. DERMATOLOGY helped get her to the right place, not that sham of a clinic. I'm not one for superstition, or poetic descriptions but, they are truly--as i see it--''Angels of Death.''

Author: abid hafeez
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the service at this practice. Appointments & Calls – It is nearly impossible to get through to the reception. Calls are put on hold for up to 2 hours, which makes it very difficult for patients to book appointments or get timely help. Serious Administrative Error – I was once given another patient’s blood test results, which turned out to be of someone suffering from cancer. This was shocking and extremely distressing. Fortunately, I carefully checked the details myself and realised the mistake, but such errors could have devastating consequences. Sample Mismanagement – My own samples were misplaced, and I had to give them twice. This not only wasted my time but also delayed important medical checks. Overall, this has been the worst experience I have ever had with a GP practice in the UK. The lack of care, poor administration, and serious errors raise major concerns about patient safety.

Author: Suzanne Martin
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Don't usually do reviews but I am just so impressed with Dr Conor. Was extremely bad with anxiety when I arrived and he was so kind and compassionate with me. He asked me questions that I'd forgotten about and really made me feel calmer and listened to. I really hope he becomes a permanent member of the team 🙏🏼 …

Author: garry harkness
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting practice, was told by the receptionist that they dont care if I can get sick and die, horrible practice horrible people, won’t recommend to anyone

Author: Neal Johnson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Neal Johnsona year ago

Author: Miranda McCarron
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Couldn’t be more helpful they are brilliant

Author: Tracy Morrison
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had Dr mclaughlin for years he has helped me through many a bad times could not ask for a better doctor I hold him to the highest standard to add to that he is a lovely kind man takes time to listen,plus the reception staff are lovely to.

Author: stuart totten
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
stuart totten3 years ago

Author: Ameen Gulzar (Meenho)
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely fantastic GP practise. Always happy to help and are super friendly. They get to know their patients which is super nice.
