Practice: CILL CHUIMEIN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S55732
Postcode: PH32 4BH
Google Maps title: Cill Chuimein Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 10
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cill+Chuimein+Medical+Centre/@57.1433698,-4.6852456,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488f217dce99b363:0x43c309771933a014!8m2!3d57.1433669!4d-4.6826653!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc15g5ms?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S55732-cill-chuimein-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarah Mcclements
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible . Completely dismissed any concerns I had about my child . Cant seem to access records so cannot help us its been four months . Rude staff . As I was trying to relay my concerns I was talk over or told to be quiet whilst my child spoke. I was trying to advocate for him. Refused to listen to concerns about physical health . What exactly is there job?!

Author: Mischa Pereira
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm a tourist visiting lovely Scotland and Fort Augustus/Loch Ness. Unfortunately my daughter became rather ill on the bus ride from Edinburgh. She was coughing badly and was an asthmatic and had started to break down in tears so I was concerned. We googled and followed the directions to the clinic. Unfortunately and sadly, the receptionist/assistant was extremely dismissive. She informed me that the doctor was out to lunch. When I asked if I could put my daughter's name down to see him at 2pm, she checked reluctantly and told me that the earliest my daughter could be seen was 3pm. She then proceeded to dismiss my daughter's symptoms, informing me that my daughter should go to the hospital if indeed she was suffering from an asthma attack. She also suggested that my daughter had covid, and then proceeded to tell me she was heading for lunch. I'm not sure why and where all these assumptions came from and I can only hope that it was not because we were Asians. While I'm sure that this review will have no bearing on the business of medicine, I'd like to express my disappointment at the service of this establishment especially since in the last week I have met many lovely people from Scotland who have been warm and friendly. It is unfortunate that given the opportunity to represent her country with kindness and compassion, she represented Scotland with rudeness and dismissiveness. Should she ever find herself in need if ever she was in Singapore, I can almost guarantee that she would have been treated with respect and kindness, especially when it came to someone who was unwell.

Author: Paul S
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My review does not relate to the treatment I receive, but to the fact that they are very uncontactable. There is no available email address, NOR, IS THERE A POSTBOX!!!

Author: W
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
We have been waiting to write this review. This is undoubtedly the worst surgery we have ever been unfortunate to use. The staff are combative with their approach and that's not just the receptionists who seem to think they are god. Getting past the Receptionists is a challenge within itself. Each time I had to call the surgery they were just negative and combative. In the end, I took it personally. The receptionist M would just lie about appointment availability even though I could blatantly see an empty surgery. Also I had on occasions sat there for up to 40 mins after my appointment time and not a soul would walk in. I could hear the receptionists whispering etc at times. When I asked why I had not been called in, I would be told "they know you're there". No apology, nothing. My time is just as important as the GPs. My most recent encounter with this surgery was with Ev where she threatened to sit on transferring my medical files to my new GP as she communicated she had a deadline time to do this and if she wanted to be awkward, she could wait until last minute to do it. I asked her to repeat what she said and put her on loud speaker so that my husband could hear. This was regardless of me stressing that I needed my urgent medication which couldn't be prescribed by my new GP until my historical files had been received. They had even been contacted by the new GP requesting this. On another occasion I had to wait weeks for my smear test to be carried out only due to the incompetence of the nurse, GP and another GP. In the end I was asked to wait until they obtained a particular device. I have and always had a tilted pelvis but this is the first GP/ Nurse I have come across who struggled to get this done. Fortunately, after waiting a month longer my final result was clear. I could continue to write so much more but I don't wish to spend too much of my time thinking about this place which gave me anxiety at every encounter with them. My penultimate comment has to be documented because I found it disgusting. I was refused my repeat prescription which should have been adjusted on a patient by patient basis according to symptoms. The NICE guidelines say exactly this. In the end I had to go private to get this prescription because the pharmacist for this clinic said "now I'm not prescribing anything because I know you'll use more than what the NHS Highland guidelines say". Let me be specific, I am referring to estrogen hrt patches which are body identical and should be prescribed after a consultation with the patient to discuss symptoms. It is documented as so by the NICE guidelines. It should not be on the GP or pharmacists personal interpretation. She literally left me with nothing and as a punishment stopped the prescription altogether. When I told the GP what their pharmacist said to me, her response was "you must have misunderstood what was being said'. She basically gaslit me. The GP approached the pharmacist to clarify what was said she realised what I said was accurate, nevertheless she proceeded to defend what was said instead of apologising. Lastly, when we first moved to this area, my husband had to do a stool sample test. The receptionist refused to take the sample saying it was in the wrong bag. We complained to the GP who apologised and said it was not in the wrong bag and that my husband should do another one. My husband works offshore so there was a 3 week delay before he could get another sample to them. This was a typical example of the Receptionists playing god. They are not medically trained so how dare they take such a risk. Thankfully, the second sample was negative. We now have another GP in an area outside of the Highlands and I can honestly say, the care, attention and service is AAA. In my opinion Dr La and the staff need more training. What a disappointment. I must say though, the male GP is very good. I'm also sending a copy of this to the Highland Health Board.

Author: thom macdonald
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I just wonder how many hours they charge the NHS for, and how many they actually do... wonder why the NHS is in trouble now eh?

Author: Jane Osman
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jane Osman6 reviewsEdited 3 years ago

Author: Fiona Ward
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Popped in to the surgery to temporary register as we needed our medication while we are travelling around Scotland. The receptionist was so helpful, friendy, cheerful and efficient. Our request was sorted by the afternoon. Excellent service. The only disappointment, we were only issued 7 days medication instead of a months supply which we normally get. Thank you 😁

Author: Mark Dewis
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, staff open late and even though no one was there as a patient they refused to see my wife. We were visiting from the USA and they said to go to the pharmacy. She had an ear infection and a drum perforated. Total joke.

Author: Hairy Highlander
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
Dont expect to much from this place !! There not the best !!

Author: heather booth
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great medical centre , staff helpful and lovely. Doctors are pleasant friendly help in all ways.
