Practice: BURNFIELD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S55889
Postcode: IV2 3PF
Google Maps title: Burnfield Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Burnfield+Medical+Practice/@57.4648071,-4.204647,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488f71475a5325b3:0x118d006220ae3639!8m2!3d57.4648042!4d-4.2020667!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdxkg5d?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S55889-burnfield-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bibi Cameron
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this medical practice for 13 years (also all my family), and I can honestly say that the level of care and kindness from everyone there is outstanding. From the reception team to the doctors, everyone is incredibly friendly, approachable. When you are unwell, they always try their best to offer a same-day appointment, and when something is outside their scope, they guide you in the right direction. I would especially like to acknowledge Lucy Storey, who has been absolutely amazing and supportive. Her care, attention, and willingness to help truly stand out. She is exceptional. I would also like to mention Liga Zommere (Nurse) she is kind, professional, and always very reassuring and she made blood testing a breeze. Even my autistic daughter let her do her bloods and Liga was very patient with her phobia to needles. That said all the nurses there are very nice and professional. Fiona is also fantastic, and all the doctors I have seen, including Dr Von Delft, have been consistently professional and compassionate. He can be quite direct in his communication and at times a bit blunt, but I do value his honesty and I like it. I also recognise his expertise. He also provides reassurance and helps understand what options are available. I have had some disagreements over the years regarding my long-term iron deficiency. While this has been frustrating and has impacted my health, I do understand that this is often due to NHS processes and limitations rather than the practice itself. Last but not least big thanks to Lydia Wright (councillor) been consistently professional, helpful and insightful. I would like to acknowledge your support and hard work.

Author: Derek Alexander
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't know what the Doctors are like these days as I never made it past the receptionists. Absolutely awful...

Author: Shona MacArthur
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Usually easy to get an appointment quickly and staff are helpful and knowledgeable. Communicate well with txt updates about results or ongoing issues

Author: Jenny Forbes
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
There have been a number of good practitioners at Burnfield and I understand the strain under which so many are having to work makes the job difficult. However, I went to Burnfield after having had a tick bite that developed an Erythema Migrans rash in 2021. I was seen by a GP (who is also a partner of the practice) and I had to convince him to give me antibiotics for the bite. 4 years on and I have been very unwell with confirmed Lyme Disease (bed bound at worst). I was given the wrong dose of Amoxicillin at the time, resulting in little effect. Before the diagnosis, I went back to Burnfield explaining my debilitating symptoms and was told by a senior nurse practitioner "to drink more water". She took one look at my file to see I was a mother of two young children and decided I was "just stressed". No consideration for my symptoms, which were severe at that point. I understand this is an issue with the entire health system but to be so ignored has caused me years of unnecessary ill health. I have since changed to a different practice.

Author: Samia
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Samia10 months ago

Author: Patrycja
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
they treat me disrespectfully

Author: Scott Crossett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really good practice

Author: Rodney Wilson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Every time I've had to see a doctor I've been left feeling like they are not listening to me

Author: Shona Mac
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Shona Mac4 reviews2 years ago

Author: Slaw B
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Nono hapy. hapy practic.
