Practice: CROWN MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S55893
Postcode: IV2 3NF
Google Maps title: Crown Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Crown+Medical+Practice/@57.4786504,-4.2215792,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488f714c36d702e3:0x633e95343168a5a5!8m2!3d57.4786475!4d-4.2189989!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thxkndw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S55893-crown-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Margaret Morrison
Date: 14 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Gibson's consulting style was paternalistic, not a good choice. The appointment went on longer than necessary. I felt I knew what would help given my limited options. I'm extremely resilient despite everything. I've coped with my struggles for 50+ years yet she didn't seem to appreciate that. Could have got the appointment completed in under 5 minutes but she proceeded to press me on my reasons for wanting my Summary Care Record. She did not respect my boundaries when I told her my reason for requiring my Summary Care Record wasn't any of her business, just her way of asserting control and gathering information. Yet, she still pressed me multiple times for further details, not respecting patient boundaries. This further antagonised me and given that the reason I required the Summary Care Record was due to multiple dismissals for a diagnosis now privately acquired it didn't go down well. She's dismissed me in the past when I was perimenopausal, progesterone intolerant which I didn't realise at the time, and undiagnosed ADHD. I was refused any hrt input at the appointment, she dismissed my concerns as being down to "anxiety not hormones". 🤔🙄. Give me strength. I was early 50s with no hrt, progesterone intolerant and undiagnosed ADHD. The issue was most certainly hormones as I later discovered I was progesterone intolerant. Five stars for the ability to antagonise the patient so badly it impacts their mental health.

Author: Em Harrison
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Em HarrisonLocal Guide · 16 reviews · 17 photos2 months ago

Author: Indranil Banerjee
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Indranil Banerjee1 review2 months ago

Author: Rizwan Riz
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
What a quick service very professional doctor,very thankful.

Author: Elizabeth Crawford
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
This is the second time I have seen Dr Gibb and both times she has been professional and empathetic. Today was a difficult day as I was also dealing with some bad news. Thank you for your care. Elizabeth

Author: Kelsey Wood
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had a terrible experience. Suffering multiple UTIs and now kidney infection. I awaited a urine sample from labs which I put in on 19/06/25 I heard nothing so then called on the 25/06/25 hearing nothing and they said “aw your test did not work you will need to put in another one” therefore if I did not call I wouldn’t have known this. I then put one in on the 25/06/25 waited for over a week while suffering ended up in out of hours on 26/06/25 with a kidney infection being sick, sore muscles and in agony with my kidneys. I finally got phoned on 2/07/25 by reception saying “doctor asked if you still have symptoms” and that the antibiotics I had been taking for past 5 days was not the right one and won’t work for the type of infection. I then never got called by the doctor to discuss my results or what kind of infection I have. I then phoned again to be told the doctor had put a prescription in for another antibiotic. Never spoke to me never explained anything. Again if I didn’t call I wouldn’t have known. Basically treated as though this is nothing. Pathetic service. What do they get paid for?. I’m now on more antibiotics and have no clue what infection I actually had so had to ask the pharmacist and google it. Still no closer to knowing why I am consistently getting these. One receptionist is lovely however the one working on the 25/06/25 attitude was absolutely horrible. Major attitude problem which is NOT acceptable. This place needs to start taking patients seriously. I work as part of the NHS and I find all of this completely embarrassing.

Author: Gregor Grahame
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Martin UNPROFESSIONAL Smirking constantly whilst rambling on about why some people do these things on purpose. Not me but some people…. Never left a GP feeling worse about myself and my situation. I gave everything he needed to talk and discuss options so it was simple/straightforward. Completely disregarded everything. Email sent days ahead of time, there to be used to go through and discuss each problem I was facing. Didn’t discuss any of it and basically just referred me to a mental assessment which was the only positive outcome. I had to basically beg for an assessment. His best description of it was it’s not a blood test …. 0 advice or support. So smart he’s forgotten how to communicate and do his job properly. Lost all his humanity. If you’re looking for someone who really cares and isn’t there just for the pay check, don’t go to this GP. You were warned

Author: Dave Foster
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I was registered with this surgery since birth at a postcode just outside of town. After a serious accident recently (being critical, 7 spinal fractures, most of my left hand side rib cage broken, then bleeding on the lung thereafter) my address was updated by the hospital. The new address is a 2minute walk from my birth address and I have been told I need to move surgery. I emailed a kindly worded email, suggesting this may not be the most practical time to switch doctors, but given the reply from the surgery manager, it seems the postcode rule is more important than a patient working through trauma. I now need to find a new surgery. Which will also be in Inverness city I'm sure.

Author: PAUL SKINNER (PAULSKI)
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I got wrong diagnosised by a Dr there with my diabetes blood numbers was told the higher the number the better That's wrong I should have put a claim in against her she does not work there now

Author: sabia riaz
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Professional doctors that help you 🙂 …
