Practice: THE MOTHERWELL MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S60213
Postcode: ML1 1TB
Google Maps title: Motherwell Health Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Motherwell+Health+Centre/@55.7854227,-3.9868732,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+MOTHERWELL+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+ML1+1TB!3m8!1s0x48886c97d7445925:0xe5a5bf9e2ff6a2c6!8m2!3d55.7850671!4d-3.9839562!9m1!1b1!15sCidUSEUgTU9USEVSV0VMTCBNRURJQ0FMIFBSQUNUSUNFIE1MMSAxVEJaKSIndGhlIG1vdGhlcndlbGwgbWVkaWNhbCBwcmFjdGljZSBtbDEgMXRikgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWOaASRDaGREU1VoTk1HOW5TMFZKUTBGblNVTmFlV05tYWpSblJSQULgAQD6AQQIABA2!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3d2mp9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S60213-the-motherwell-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: James Gray
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Some of the receptionist need a customer service course and some empathy course

Author: Irene Donaghy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
phoned on Thursday for appointment for tuesday for bloods for my pre chemo to be told no appointments till following week and I'd have to go to another health centre. Now having to travel to the beatson in glasgow.

Author: Megan Gill
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have no comment. The doctors are really good. However the receptionists are to be questioned? The whole queue thing is a joke. I’ve also realised when you ask for notes to be done they barely never get done, and they like to pick when they follow the rules, it’s a joke.

Author: Tracy Farrell
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant surgery always helpful

Author: Jodie Malone
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
receptionist staff RUDE health visitors RUDE midwife’s RUDE PHYSIO can’t even get a hold on them there all in the same building but they can’t put you through to them or do you a favour a go 4 doors along and get one of them for you. Lazy unprofessional and honestly I wouldn’t recommend this place.

Author: David
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Good size of health centre. They do have a lift as it is over 2 floors. They also have a car park. I think they have around 6 different G.P practice. They also have a speech therapist. It covers all of the Motherwell and surrounding area. It is also on a main bus route.

Author: Ben McEwan
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Nightmare experience with receptionist denying access to GP. Had to get the centre practice manager to help glad moved away from this place. Went to speak to receptionist and told them that had an appointment in 10 mins with GP but they didn’t let the GP know I was there and then waited so long and after went to speak to receptionist again and found out they hadn’t let GP know I was there and refused to let me see GP. Such a nightmare experience. Found another doctors since this put me off using that surgery entirely. Note: the GPs at this practice are very good doctors, some of the best. But when you can’t get to see a GP because the receptionist stops you from seeing the GP when you turn up 10 minutes before your scheduled appointment time it’s disappointing.

Author: Robert Donaghy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I've just deleted a post I made over 6years ago praising this health center and its staff! The service now is on its knees and no one cares. Covid was used to distance doctors etc from the general public and its stayed this way ever since. This is Wednesday, and I've just spent 15mins on hold waiting to talk to someone regarding a telephone appointment for review of my medication. I was then told to phone again this Friday to see if they could give me a telephone appointment for the following Friday! You just get fobbed off as routine without any recourse. The place has got even worse since the amalgamation of another practice into the building. Everything is second to money, yet we're expected to pay more and more each year. Is it any wonder trying to leave this country has got more and more looked into by people who have lived their entire lives here. 🤔

Author: LeeAnn Roberts
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
TERRIBLE SERVICE. I couldnt talk to nor leave a message for my diabetc nurse when it was important about my medication. I pressed for enquires and the receptionist was completely unhelpful. Told me to call my doctor, the same doctor who was getting the nurse to call me. I missed the call and its not a number you can call back to I rang the health centre only to be spoke to like an idiot. Had she bothered to get my information she could have looked the nurse up and asked her to call again. It's a joke!

Author: Annette Nicol
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Annette NicolLocal Guide · 84 reviews · 5 photosa year ago
