Practice: ADAM AVENUE PRACTICE
Canonical code: S61061
Postcode: ML6 6DB
Google Maps title: Adam Avenue Practice
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 67
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Adam+Avenue+Practice/@55.8658214,-3.9802721,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886c04b03c1357:0x2ef6529901718946!8m2!3d55.8658184!4d-3.9776918!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hwd1nzw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S61061-adam-avenue-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Johanna Knaapi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Lovely kind people and good service. They listen and they help however they can. I'd give 4.5 stars if I could. If I could wish for one big improvement it would be the phone queues as in order to book an appointment in the morning you end up on two queues in a row - you queue first knowing your place in the queue and once you're number one in the queue you usually still need to wait an unknown time in another queue. I should note I've massively appreciated Adam Avenue Practice. Really lovely doctors and nurses and staff.

Author: John Boyle
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice is a disgrace. I recently had a heart attack and had an appointment on the 19th of December 2025 to discuss my meds. When I arrived at 14:50 there was already an argument going on between a patient and a couple of reception staff. After he left I could here them laughing and ridiculing the patient. I could hear them swearing and calling him names. When I got called they wouldn't let me in for an appointment because I couldn't wear a mask. Only 1 of them was masked from 7 or 8 staff I saw. I asked the manager why she wasn't masked. She sneared it was her choice while denying my choice. She just kept shouting over me saying nonsense like they were only protecting themselves. By now all reception staff were joining in. Shouting over me and one even called me a creep. I was struggling to breathe and speak but they continued to abuse me. I got a letter the following day dropping me from their register. First of all there were no mask mandates in place. Secondly, I am EXCEMPT. Thirdly, it is YOUR responsibility to offer alternative arrangements. Thirdly, your guidlines say you can't drop a patient without giving a warning in the past 12 months. Fourthly, your guidlines say you can't drop a patient while they are in a dangerous unstable health condition. Lastly, you can't drop a patient without warning without an actual charge and crime number. You broke all government and medical guidlines in each of your actions. To the manager: You denied me access. You denied me medical care. You denied my rights. You ignored my heart condition and therefore exemption from your unscientific mask nonsense. You treated me with the utmost disrespect and allowed your staff to mistreat me and call me names. You (all) attacked me like a pack of hyenas while I was obviously under stress, struggling to breathe and barely able to speak. You (all) relished in your mistreatement of me. You (all) committed gross misconduct and should be sacked. You (all) endangered my life by subjecting me to this trauma. My heart became very erratic and for the remainder of the evening I felt ill. My chest and abdomin felt like jelly. I could hardly get out of bed the next day and still felt weak for the rest of the next evening. All of you are liable for contravening the equality act of 2010 and may be charged up to £5000. You may be individually hearing from my lawyer.

Author: Craig Forrest
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible practice. If you're one of the ones lucky enough to actually get through after an hour on hold you'll be aggressively dissuaded from making any appointments and fobbed off as much as possible. Even if you get through all that you'll need to convince disinterested medical staff there's something worth investigating rather than just throwing some pill/cream at you to get you out as fast as possible. I made the mistake of registering here and now other practices in the health center can't take me on as a patient (believe me, I've tried). To anyone looking for a good gp to register with, avoid Adam avenue like the plague.

Author: Greg Walker
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery needs serious help. Far too many patients and too many mistakes being made. They will cause people to become more seriously ill and end up being sent to hospital because they cannot cope and keep making mistakes. From reading comments and hearing about complaints being made it seems like nothing has been done.

Author: Agnieszka Staszczyk
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst registration process. I can't register with a doctor. I was first in line and waited almost 20 minutes to be connected to the registration desk, and I never got through. It was driving me crazy. My rating is -100.

Author: Jade Anderson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Place is a joke !! Phoned at 9 minutes past 8 to be told they have no emergency or routine appointments left and to go to the hospital!!

Author: Lindsay Mann
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Whilst I no longer remain a.patient of this dreadful practice i can confirm that having made a complaint to the Scottish government about this practice little has changed. Some of the doctors should not be allowed to practice medice and treat patients with neglect and contempt. I got thrown out of this failing practice a couple of years ago, because I had the audacity to make a genuine and polite complaint. So I went to see my MSP Neil Grey) about this so called Doctors practice, he took my complaint seriously and he wrote to them with regards to my earlier complaint. They didn’t respond the manageress probably tore it up and filed it in the bucket not wanting any of the more senior staff to see the complaint, is my guess.. but having been giving an adequate opportunity to respond to MSP Neil Greys letter they made no response.. Mr Gray took it upon himself to visit Adam Avenue. I wasn’t privy to the conversation that took place but I would imagine that the manager would be full of inaccurate information and denials. I would have thought that some good might have come out of a Ministerial vist, but it appears that nothing has changed. The manager even threatened me with legal action, what a shame she didn’t take it. Just look at the reviews that this doctor surgery gets a mere 2 on Google reviews. Something need to be done about this awful practice, it would appear that they think that they are a law unto themselves, when they should be answering the phones and treating patients with the CARE AND RESPECT that they deserve.I have witnessed trying to call the surgery and the phone doesn’t get answered and when I walked into to surgery with my phone still ringing nobody could be seen to be taking any telephone calls. I would not be surprised that if in the near future that some sort of legal action will be taken against a senior doctor at this practice, for neglecting a patient’s medical needs.

Author: Caterina De Carolis
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worse practice ever,they make you wait an hour or more before they answer. Once you eventually reach out to them they tell you all the routine appointments are taken.I have bee trying to get an appointment for months still didn't manage!

Author: sarah george
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Waiting for someone to answer phone for an hour trying to get an emergency appt, I am 74yrs old. Try to get an appt., other days fully booked. Phone on a thursday for following week appt., fully booked. What are people to do?

Author: Shell
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Surgery is an absolute joke, receptionists are so rude, I've lived in airdrie for nearly 5 years, not once have I been able to get an appointment, I've gave up even trying now,
