Practice: BANKHOUSE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S61151
Postcode: ML6 6DB
Google Maps title: Bankhouse Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 9
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bankhouse+Medical+Practice/@55.8658788,-3.9802721,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886c040b955555:0x818d4e646dc40f20!8m2!3d55.8658758!4d-3.9776918!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11frdw05mr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 9
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S61151-bankhouse-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Laurynas Jakutis
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hopeless practice, same day appointment system is rubish. You can't get through them and when you do all appointments are gone. Joke of a practice.

Author: Cheryl Smith
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get an appointment unless you have an hour to keep trying, its a joke and in no way works for the patients

Author: Yuliya Turoka
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been twice visiting mp with temperature over 39° they was listening my breathing, said probably virus, found nothing, temperature lasted 6 days, I asked for a blood test, one of doctors laughed asking why, I said to have a check if I have some infection, I'm pregnant, and temperature 39 for so many days not okay, and I'm end up in a hospital with temperature 40° they was listening my breathing, and straight away said sounds bad, took my blood test and it was infected. When you calling in the morning for appointment, line is always busy, not possible even to wait in the queue, horrible

Author: Le Peej
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have longstanding concerns about this practice. The inability to get an appointment to see a GP in person, as well as the poor advice that patients go to A&E (because 111 will rightfully question why the GPs won’t deal with their patients) is nothing short of disturbing. Monklands and Wishaw cannot be expected to pick up after this failing practice.

Author: Alistair MacIntyre
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I've amended my review as yet again Ive been messed about by this GP. Was told multiple times I would be called with results from appointment last week - called today as hadnt heard anything and was told I need to make an appointment. Is it the end of the world? Naw. But when you cant even decided a process for whether youre phoning me or Im phoning you and when ehat chance have you got. Need to phone back tomorrow despite waiting as instructed for a week. ------------- Below is my original review ___________________ I transferred over to this GP last week after moving house. Initial appointment was very good, great first impressions. Receptionists very welcoming as well as the nurse that carried out the initial assessment. Due to progressively worse mental health, I made an appointment. Despite working from home all day with no received calls, I phoned and was told attempts were made to contact me all day. I explained I have experienced severe mental health episodes and suicidal thoughts and really need to speak to a doctor – I wasn’t abusive or aggressive in anyway. Rather than empathising with it and trying to calm things, the receptionist went on the defensive and just began saying over and over that “attempts were made”. They explained there was a delay then it went to engaged. She then said “It’s not our fault”. Excellent choice of words there to defuse the situation. Tone of her voice was absolutely disgraceful. I was shut down when asking to make an advance appointment – This GP doesn’t offer these, you need to phone between 08:15 and 09:00 to be seen that day. Zero compassion, zero understanding. I advised it was embarrassing and hung up. I went away to calm down and phoned back again - the second person was far more pleasant however they specifically said to me on the phone they have "experienced issues like this with our phones sometimes". Later in the call I queried if it’s an issue with your phones can I not have an advance appointment? She advised she never said it was an issue on their side. Well I’m sorry - You did. I don’t know whether this was just some nonsense statement in an attempt to get me onside, but it was said then denied. I am a person who has been extremely open with their battle with mental health, who has reached out because despite doing well for two years, over the last month have experienced suicidal thoughts. In the first call, they have been defensive, argumentative and completely non empathetic, whilst in the second call I was told something that was later denied, in saying it was a phone issue then saying it wasn't when I questioned it. I think a 45 minute window to book appointments is absolutely bonkers and not being able to book advance appointments is completely alien to me. I want to add that as a manager of a telephony based team in my employment, I would be absolutely ashamed if my staff member handled a phone call to a vulnerable client the way these calls (especially the first) were handled.

Author: Thomas Teasdale
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
It's a small miracle you need to actually get an appointment here. You need to call a 8.15 for an appointment. It's engaged hang up call again until you get through. 8.21 you get through all appointment are hone for today call again tomorrow. It's an absolute joke . But I hear there all the same

Author: A B
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking, 45mins to book an appt then to be told none left, this is after waiting in a queue of about 26 to then be cut off twice and have to call again !! And even if you get through , you are not allowed to book a face to face appt until a GP calls you back ..... And when the Gp wants to speak with you regarding your results etc ..you have to phone back in the morn for a tele consultation despite them phoning you to tell you , joke. Operating appallingly . They are operating telephone calls only same as when COVID struck , other surgeries went back to operating normally face to face appointments , not this surgery ....Dreadful ...People are getting more ill because can't see a GP , so tend not to phone for help when needed .

Author: Wilson de la mare
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent in every way! Staff and care are first class.

Author: Lisa Bruce
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have heard a lot about GP surgeries over the last two years. But I must say my GP practice have been fantastic. I have always felt listened to and saw a GP when I had to. So thank you all who work in Bankhouse Practice Airdrie, as all your efforts are truly appreciated.
