Practice: CALEDONIA MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S61339
Postcode: G67 1BJ
Google Maps title: Caledonia Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Caledonia+Medical+Practice/@55.9462094,-3.9895804,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886f4edfaccdcb:0x292a61dda77081b9!8m2!3d55.9462064!4d-3.9870001!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9vgdc9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S61339-caledonia-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mm Mm
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Mm Mm2 weeks ago New

Author: John Gray
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
What an utter joke of a practice. No matter how many times I phone on the dot at 8am to be put on hold for at least half an hour and then to be told there's no appointments left. What on earth am I supposed to do to get an appointment with a doctor and why does it feel impossible??? I seriously regret joining this practice it's an utter disgrace!

Author: Stephen Boyle
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I haven't always been complimentary to this medical practice but the way Mary dealt with the issues i had today was exemplary, a big thank you to her .

Author: jim aitken
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
jim aitken3 months ago

Author: Fiona Mccann
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fiona Mccann2 reviews3 months ago

Author: Marion Rodgers
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been back in Cumbernauld 3 years registered at the practice and can honestly say had great service.

Author: __
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went in to pick up a prescription today - emergency blue asthma inhaler - I was struggling to breathe, literally having asthma related problems. 21°C outside, not any cooler inside. Receptionist took 20 minutes to deal with the gentleman before me in the queue - never acknowledged my presence during this time - and also allowed an elderly lady to skip me just because she’s old. I was on the verge of an asthma attack, had spoken that morning to doctor over the phone about a referral to CMHT, and had been prescribed antibiotics for a chest infection the day before. The staff in the practice are well aware that I have had surgery on my chest, that my mental health is shaky, and were also aware from a call the previous day that I hadn’t eaten in six days, slept for two days because of my mental health. One person in reception. Not good enough. During the 20 mins I was waiting to be seen at reception, I asked a nurse then a doctor if they could retrieve my prescription for my urgently needed inhaler from the reception tray. The nurse explained that she wasn’t able to do this as she was only visiting the practice. The doctor - you know who you are, dude - just ignored me, despite me explaining how unwell I was. After waiting 20 mins, it was my turn in the queue. The receptionist tried to lecture me for asking the doctor to retrieve my prescription, while withholding the prescription I *really* needed behind the glass counter and refused to hand it over until she’d said her bit. This is dangerous practice. The gentleman in front of me in the queue was handing in a specimen, as was the elderly lady who skipped me. I, on the other hand, was very obviously unwell and in distress. This is not the first scathing review I have written of my experience with Caledonia Practice, but a feeling of loyalty to a surgery that had previously provided decades of excellent service to me and my family made me delete it. I now regret this. [EDIT] Friday 15th August 2025: Called at 12:30pm and was placed in queue. 11th in queue. Got to first in queue and the call was terminated by the practice before I even got the chance to speak. Called back immediately, 7th in queue, and this call was also terminated once I reached top of the queue. Called back immediately once again. 10th in queue. Call was answered this time and receptionist was apologetic, but if patients can’t even get through to a doctor or receptionist after waiting on hold then there is something very wrong with the way this place is being run. And this can’t be blamed on lack of funding, too few doctors or too many patients. This is basic service provision and still the practice are failing their patients.

Author: R S
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
They have always prioritised seeing my little one even when appointments are booked up for the day. They do have emergency appointments and prioritise vulnerable groups. I appreciate that for non vulnerable adults it is so tough to get an appointment same day though. The doctors and staff are lovely and doing their best

Author: linda Stevenson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking service in fact no service. How many times must people be told to phone at 8am every day to try to get an apt. This is my third day trying. 165 calls to get through this morning at 820 then 25th in the queue then to be told no apts phn back tomorrow. Why take on kildrum practice when it is fairly obvious by reviews that caledonia can't cope and it's the patients that are suffering because they can't get to see a dr. Was even told that the nurse was booked up to the middle of July. I totally get it's not the receptionists fault but system is obviously not working.

Author: Ayden1
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ayden13 reviews · 1 photo9 months ago
