Practice: CONDORRAT MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S61324
Postcode: G67 4DN
Google Maps title: Condorrat Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Condorrat+Medical+Practice/@55.9337836,-4.0294352,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488868ea734bf449:0x26a94bc943592fb3!8m2!3d55.9337806!4d-4.0268549!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b5plgxxn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S61324-condorrat-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: L
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
L3 weeks ago New

Author: Alana
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved to condorrat gp practice a few months ago. Have nothing but good things to say about this place, the receptionists, doctors, nurses and all other staff. Always feel very welcome and have never felt judged. Im absolutely petrified of needles and I had a blood test yesterday and it was the fastest and easiest blood test I’ve ever had! Couldn’t thank Roz enough for the comfortable experience. I wish more practices were like this one. Keep it up the great work you all do guys :)

Author: Tracey Howes
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon and Lynn were great at sorting out all the confusion my husband created when picking up a prescription for our son, sincere apologies again! Men!!

Author: John McDonald
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
John McDonaldLocal Guide · 16 reviews · 1 photo8 months ago

Author: Robert Paterson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an absolute fantastic experience .i was overweight high cholesterol ,high blood pressure.seen the nurse a month ago and she gave me advice on how to remedy these issues.I was back today for a check up.My blood pressure is bang on i have lost over a stone and i am absolutely buzzing.Thank you for all your help to all the staff at the practice.

Author: Helen Mckeown
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I had a really bad experience and continue to do so from one specific receptionist she's extremely rude abrupt and dismissive..... I have tried numerous times to speak to the practise manager that I can never get hold of.... It concerns me because im in my late 30s and had that been an elderly patient ie my grandparents or my father they wouldn't know how to deal with it and get extremely upset .... its concerning her dismissive attitude... manners cost nothing.. it's a busy surgery I understand that but she has absolutely no people skills at all .... if anything is wrong with my daughter she refuses to call in the mornings when that particular receptionistbis on due to her being so dismissive and rude .... she's came off the phone in tears a few times..... The doctors are super helpful and take time to listen you don't feel like you're being pushed out and I will say they have helped me alot throughout the years ...... What i will also say on a positive note is there's a lady that's been brought in as a receptionist called Audrey and she is the most polite well mannered helpful receptionist I've ever came across in there .. she's a credit to herself and the surgery, you can tell she takes pride in her work .... always with a welcoming positive tone regardless to if she can give you an appointment or not and always so helpful ..... the other lady should take a leaf out of Audrey's book and realise not all of the general public are demanding and abrupt....

Author: Kaoute Dh
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I am extremely disappointed with the service provided by the receptionists at Condorrat Health Centre. On multiple occasions, they have been very rude, impolite, and unprofessional. Most recently, they hung up on me twice during a phone call, which is completely unacceptable and shows a lack of respect for patients. Instead of being helpful and understanding, they come across as dismissive and unapproachable, making it unnecessarily difficult to get the assistance I need. This kind of behavior is unacceptable, especially in a healthcare setting where patients are often vulnerable and seeking support. I strongly urge the management to address these issues and ensure the reception staff receive proper training in professionalism and patient care. As it stands, I cannot recommend this health centre based on my recent experiences.

Author: angela cruickshanks
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Changed gp surgery, worst move I've made, my health has worsened since at Condorrat

Author: Caroline Hamilton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly had the best experience with this surgery. I was so nervous moving to a north lanarkshire surgery especially in cumbernauld where i have heard a lot of horror stories. I had just had my first baby and registered here. They have been super quick with appointments for me and my son. The doctor has called me out of hours to reassure me my results were normal. Seen my baby anytime ive had concerns. The reception staff have also been majorly kind and taken an interest in my son amd always been reassuring and went above and beyond to insure i have got off he phone with an appointment that suits my needs. Ive also attended a breast feeding class in here which as lovely The nurses ive met have also even really nice too.

Author: John Semple
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Was supposed to be getting a call on my mobile today to discuss ongoing serious mental health issues of course they didn't did they and when the appointment was arranged (face to face) she was one right miserable so and so another practice I need to leave then due to horrendous attitude
