Practice: ALBA MEDICAL GROUP - COATBANK
Canonical code: S61663
Postcode: ML5 3AP
Google Maps title: Coatbank Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.7
Google review count: 62
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Coatbank+Medical+Practice/@55.8597217,-4.0285587,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886bdb27dbedc9:0x97d135dd6e089d24!8m2!3d55.8597187!4d-4.0259784!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wk7qfsv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S61663-alba-medical-group-coatbank.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: World Of Sumo
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
World Of Sumo1 review4 months ago

Author: Bernadette McCall
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been registered at this practice for a great number of years and was concerned when most or all of the Doctors who where there for quite some time either retired or moved on. I would like to express that the level of care I have received has been excellent and having a Doctor who actually calls you when they actually say they will is in my opinion caring and considerate, thanks to Dr Alexander for all your care and support.

Author: Kate Kennedy
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ive Allways Found The Receptionists To Be Super Understanding. My Phone Calls Allways Answered. Doctor Patrick Doherty Is A Brilliant Doctor. Allways Professional ALSO On Point!!. Doctor Benneran Whom Usety Be In Coatbank Before Alba Take Over. One Of The Rudest Creeps Of A Doctor Ever Met. Hope He Is Gone!!.

Author: Louise
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had a very disappointing experience with this service this week. It has been exceptionally difficult to get the help I need, and the delivery of even basic healthcare support has been lacking. I initially requested a call back from the triage team yesterday morning at 8:45, which was not actioned despite my follow-up call at 12:00 and the assurance that I would be contacted. When the call eventually came through today after chasing again, it was inadvertently cut off, and instead of a return call, I received a voicemail suggesting that I had requested contact—adding to the confusion. After waiting an hour for the enquiry line to reopen at 3pm, I was then informed that a call back could not be guaranteed. This level of service is unacceptable, especially when dealing with health-related concerns. ⸻ Would you like it to sound more assertive or more neutral?

Author: sharon davidson
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been trying to get a drs appt for last 2 weeks for my partner. Call at 830 line busy 832 all appts booked. Ring back at 1400 hours 1405 all appts now booked for the day. Terrible

Author: Ellanna Hutcheson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke, been trying to get through for an appointment for my son for days, still yet to speak to anyone. Once appointments are full they just cut you off, not even the decency to answer your call n tell you 😒. …

Author: Kingofscotland
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting joke of a practice, can't get an appointment nor a prescription and on the rare occasion you actually get through you get cheeky and insulting receptionists acting like they are doctors themselves. If by a miracle you see a doctor they have no interest just try get you to leave as soon as possible. God only knows how this place remains open. By far the worst practice in coatbridge.

Author: Natural Solutions
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists attitudes are abysmal

Author: Preeya Dolan
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Previously, I voiced my thoughts about this practice, which were not positive, but credit where it’s due. Irene, my nurse, who has always been great, managed to get an appointment for me to see Dr Waqar. What can I write, he is the first doctor in a long time , who seemed to genuinely care and want to get to the bottom of my problem. Made sure he covered all avenues and no stone was unturned. It was so refreshing and took me back to when doctors had that ‘bed side manner’ our parents spoke about; so thank you so much. I also noticed a change in the reception area, so helpful, even coming out to let patients know the medical staff were running behind and when I asked to make a future appointment as requested by Dr Waqar, the receptionist did her best to fit me in. I’m hoping they have now found their feet again and fingers crossed, stays that way. Thank you all. X

Author: James Carr
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst doctors about the town totally no help took me of my medication told me she knows better I have bad enxitey her name is Dr sayeda salma banu she made a face at me then I got struck of because i did not accept her diagnosis said I was aggressive which I was not I admit I was loud that's all now she has stopped a bit of my other medication she looked down her nose at me which set me of I have verbal epilepsy and take gran mall sezuirers she took my boy of his medication referred him to the hospital and they put him back on the medication she took him of she is a horrible person and very condescending makes you feel low and I have lost all confidence in this doctors I am going to take this further and my opinion she should not be a doctor her manners are so bad it's unbelievable looking down her nose at me and the receptionist are just as bad something needs to be done about this doctor and fast there's a lot of good doctors but she is not one of them
