Practice: WELLWYND PRACTICE
Canonical code: S61625
Postcode: ML6 6DB
Google Maps title: Wellwynd Practice
Google rating: 1.5
Google review count: 227
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wellwynd+Practice/@55.8658214,-3.9802721,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886bfc921719f9:0x50f09ce437c6dbd2!8m2!3d55.8658184!4d-3.9776918!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf5ptpf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S61625-wellwynd-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: akintola adebayo
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst GP practices I have ever seen. To secure an appointment, you need atleast one month of constant calling. Will never recommend.

Author: Steven Mcclung
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
can take over a week to actually get through on the phone line and you need to explain your situation to a receptionist before they put you through to a doctor not good if you have a personal problem or find it difficult to talk about certain problems they need to have a good look at there system as it’s clearly not working,maybe greed with taking on too many clients etc but something needs to be done very quickly

Author: Wullie Bhoy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is an absolute shambles, I'm hardly ever there , but when trying to make contact is a nightmare, reception staff are rude have a cheek to say "they won't put up with abuse" ..which is fair enough, but talking to you like an idiot, 2 weeks trying to get eczema cream, day off to go up and guess what not a soul in the place, then today asked if it's an emergency appointment I want , if not call back tomorrow after trying all day yesterday.. when I refused and said it not an emergency but I need an appointment put back on hold.. till the line closes at 11 now now answer...honestly how is this place allowed to run like this ,surely there has to be some sort of standard..cause the standard here is appalling..

Author: Tony M.
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Overall a good practice. The only difficulty is getting through on the phone.

Author: leo hunter
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was on call for approximately 2 minutes before operator put me back on hold after I didn't even say wat I needed to say. Was not happy with aditude of the receptionist. Been calling all week for appointment and nothing place is an absolute shambles

Author: kevan thompson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
kevan thompsonLocal Guide · 57 reviews · 38 photos3 months ago

Author: Lauren Eadie
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to take the time to write this review. I myself have a healthcare background and my health has significantly deteriorated in the past few years particularly. I only moved to this GP a few years ago as I lived elsewhere including Australia. I can honestly say without this practice I would be dead. They have taken everything I said seriously, treated me with kindness and compassion and that is everyone from the GPs, Nurses to the admin staff. When I have needed documents for things Mira has been quick and offered me advice also. I particularly want to thank Dr Feeney, Saramjit and McGowan but haven't had a bad appointment with anyone, all have been fantastic! (The phonelines can be a nightmare but this is an issue in lots of places).
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Totally agree all the girls on the phones are brilliant can’t thank them enough they do a fantastic job every day xx

Author: Chloe Warner
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst phoning system ever!

Author: Jess Rose
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors could honestly win an award for being the absolute worst at handling repeat prescriptions. My antidepressants are never ready on time, not once, and every time I check on the process it turns out they have been written up but never actually sent to the pharmacy. It is beyond frustrating and happens every single time. I have also had to deal with rude receptionists on two occasions which made things even worse, and I had done absolutely nothing to deserve that attitude.

Author: Melville Mchugh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Hearing a lot of negative reviews i can’t say a bad thing about this practice (not my own practice had to contact for my brother) I phoned at 2.30 got to speak to Dr Ali who arranged appointment for 4pm Reception staff were great and very courteous Dr Ali was thorough with my brother doing examinations and changing meds to better his health so thank you Dr Ali for your professionalism and making him feel at ease during his appointment as he was very anxious Thanks to all
