Practice: ORCHARD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S62609
Postcode: ML1 3JX
Google Maps title: Orchard Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 70
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Orchard+Medical+Centre/@55.7916473,-3.9998963,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886b428b5e6135:0xfc5d45bbeab94667!8m2!3d55.7916443!4d-3.997316!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h4g9kvjm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S62609-orchard-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lesley S
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Although it can take a few tries to get through early doors, I have twice been seen in person recently and everyone dealt with me quickly and efficiently. The GP phoned me back both times just after 9am and made an appointment to be checked in the surgery the same day. I am very grateful for that and thank the surgery for their help.

Author: Eva
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This has been, by far, the worst GP practice I’ve ever been registered with. For several months, I repeatedly tried to book an emergency (same-day) appointment, following their instructions to call during specific morning hours. Every single time, the line was either constantly engaged or the phone was left off the hook making it impossible to get through until the booking window had closed. One day, I went in person and explained the situation. The receptionist told me there were no appointments left and that I had to call. I showed her my phone log, which showed hundreds of outgoing calls over the previous week. She simply shrugged and repeated that I need to call even though no one ever picks up. The next morning, I returned to the practice, sat inside, and called again this time while watching the receptionist completely ignore the ringing phone. She just sat there doing nothing while calls went unanswered. This is not just frustrating it’s unacceptable. It goes against patients’ rights under the NHS Scotland Patients’ Charter, which guarantees timely access to care. It also raises serious concerns about whether this practice is meeting its obligations under NHS regulations. If you value your health, avoid this place. It’s not just poor service – it’s a failure of basic care.

Author: Jay Strachan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jay Strachan6 reviews · 8 photos4 months ago

Author: Liz Clark
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this surgery a year ago due to moving home. I saw a lovely female doctor this week who was very nice, respectful and understanding. I didn’t feel rushed and felt she genuinely listened to me and wanted to do her best to help me. Thank you.

Author: Chantal Henderson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Moved up here from England had no ID apart from birth cert.that wasn't acceptable anyways had no meds for a few months now got appointment saw a nurse said wot medz I needed put the slip in the box said perscripton would be ready at boots to pik up wed,nope nothing so went saw the receptionist to be told the dr has just picked up my slip and did I have anything like a empty box of medz to show I said I didn't so wots going on I was told now I cant have any medz from them I dont understand I have bad anxiety and in a panic now

Author: J S
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
J SLocal Guide · 29 reviews · 50 photos5 months ago

Author: Karen Mcghee
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I got text from doctor surgery on Thursday asking me to call on Monday after 10.30 I tried to call 20 times through the day but it was always engaged so i stop on my way home from work to get a very rude receptionist who told me that they are 15,000 patients trying to get through and they only has 2 people answering the call so that it why i couldn't get through, then I get home and 15:35 another message saying not to call unless it was emergency what a joke as it near the end of the day

Author: Shem Ibra
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr David M Barr is amazing

Author: Graham Hainey
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Phoned up and got a doctor on the phone within an hour, got a prescription within four minutes, my pain is much better now as in I can actually sleep. Fast efficient service, I was on hold for only a few minutes, everyone I spoke to seemed friendly and knowledgeable the receptionist/ nurse asked very succinct and usefull questions, the doctor I spoke to even knew I was left handed and referenced previous medications I have taken as applicable to my condition now. Very proffesional and efficient service. Thank you all, wonderful work.

Author: Shug Paterson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Phoned for my COPD back up but got a lecture from a non medical receptionist.Reall considering moving to another surgery.
