Practice: BRANCHALWOOD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S62967
Postcode: ML2 7LP
Google Maps title: Branchalwood Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 24
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Branchalwood+Medical+Practice/@55.7750218,-3.9219857,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48881328c02eb395:0xeb0ac3dc9d18d246!4m8!3m7!1s0x48881328c98bb055:0x6fed036cf741387!8m2!3d55.7750188!4d-3.9194054!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c6yzms21?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S62967-branchalwood-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sylvie Fulton
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Pretty useless. Been here almost 50 years and it’s impossible to get in touch or an appointment. Never once got my full repeat prescription. Always something missing and it’s ALWAYS the thing I’ve ran out of!!! This surgery used to be great. Went downhill years ago now. Photo below today at lunch time. Surgery is open! But taking no calls or queries. Tried ask my gp and that doesn’t work either. Full NHS has took advantage of Covid years ago and never went back to normal Absolutely hopeless. Can’t even put in repeat prescriptions outwith office overs. If I hadn’t been there my whole life I’d leave!!!!!
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Hi Sylvie, Thank you for taking the time to share your feedback. We regret that your recent experience did not meet expectations. As stated on our website, we are currently working with a reduced clinical team due to maternity leave and a vacancy. We are working hard to ensure as minimal patient impact as possible, however, have had to reduce the cut off time to so submit new clinic requests on Accurx to 1pm. You can submit administrative requests 24 hours per day and our phone lines remain open from 8am-6pm, Monday-Friday. Your feedback is important to us and we would welcome the opportunity to discuss your specific concerns in more detail so we may address them appropriately and improve our services. Should you wish to discuss this further, we kindly ask you contact us directly. Regards, Branchalwood Medical Practice Team

Author: Rhonda Neilson. Martin
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent Practuce. The staff work as a great team, despite how bust they are. GPs are caring and compassionate. A bug plus I must say. Ask my gp service really good though duffucult to type in small boxes . Overall a well run practice and deserving of 5 starts

Author: Cynthia Adeyemi
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Cynthia Adeyemi1 review10 months ago

Author: Alison Kilgour
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Friendly, helpful, pleasant staff. AskmyGP at 8.30am, got seen by the nurse at 1.30, who may I add was very polite and helpful. Just praying my medication works now. If it doesn't, I was advised just to get back in touch, which is a very good service. Thank you

Author: Tracey Hughes
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had to contact the surgery about my dad. Receptionist was very friendly and helpful on the phone. Received a phone call from a GP and home visit from ANP within the hour. ANP listened to my dad and did a thorough examination. She also arranged follow up with district nurses. Fantastic service. Thank you
Practice response date: a month ago
Practice response:
Hi Tracey, Thank you for taking the time to provide your positive feedback. Our team works hard to provide the best possible care and it's wonderful to hear that both you and your dad had such a positive experience with us. Regards, Branchalwood Medical Practice Team

Author: Ben McEwan
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Friendly staff. Their dependence on you using the askmygp app is mixed. Sometimes it doesn’t work or you can’t use it during certain times eg weekends. Had a much better service for family then with other doctors surgery. Sometimes it’s hard to get through to ask if a prescription is ready etc. It can take a month to get an appointment for something that they don’t view as being “urgent” and you need an appointment to continue to receive medicines prescribed in a previous surgery even vital ones. They’re very very busy so it does take a while to see a GP, given there’s only two of them where as sometimes seeing a nurse would be sufficient to confirm medicine is still appropriate before giving prescription. What’s good is the askmygp lets you quickly speak to a nurse and then the advanced nurse practitioners are very good and clinically focus which is impressive.

Author: Bobby Mc
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Bobby McLocal Guide · 116 reviews · 175 photosa year ago

Author: Alban Minister
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
If you have an emergency, don’t bother. This ask my GP app which creates unnecessary red tape is infuriating and ableist. Sort it out!

Author: Sarah “Scarey” Forrest
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sarah “Scarey” ForrestLocal Guide · 17 reviews · 13 photosa year ago

Author: Jim Sleith
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Nothing but problems with admin staff since I registered with them. Request prescription and they say they put it through, go to pharmacy who don't have it and told to contact the GP practice. Contact them and they say old GP practice has not transferred my file to them so advised to call previous GP practice. Called previous GP practice who advised that my records had been transferred! Went in to speak to this practice reception, lady (very professional) explained that they now have my records but, as they did not have them they could not issue repeat prescription even although they said they had issued it! Put a complaint in and practice manager called to say that they did have my records but, the girl who inputs the data was off ill and this indentified an issue with training. After a bit of back and forth with the nurse an appointment was made in order that I could be assessed for my repeat prescription. Explained at the appointment the issues with getting prescription and advised to make future request via ask my gp. I did so, request confirmed and closed. Went to pharmacy and no prescription!!! Contact GP practice again, turns out my repeat prescription has been added now and issued today. In other words, it was not issued at previous request. Now they have issued a prescription for items I did not request! I have yet to speak to or see a GP so, I can't comment on the how good / bad / professional they are but, the whole admin side of things is a complete shambles with no communication to confirm you are registered far less being able to communicate in respect of anything else. Very frustrating.
