Practice: VICTORIA MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S63052
Postcode: G72 0BS
Google Maps title: Victoria Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 15
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Victoria+Medical+Practice/@55.790827,-4.0950763,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886aa7f855771d:0xb23d256dd0c08c49!8m2!3d55.790824!4d-4.092496!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgdhksy?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S63052-victoria-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Petra Rolkova
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was in treatment room and they have wonderfull nurse there - Amanda. She took my stitches gently out. First class work. Many thanks

Author: Magdalena Magdalena
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Magdalena Magdalena11 months ago

Author: Mark Chris
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst GP in all of Scotland. don't even know how to talk with a patient. If someone is suffering from an illness, they have to show some concern. But the staff is so rude, my wife went into depression with their words. The worst part is that I can't even report this to anyone. There is no provision to report, and no one cares about Google reviews. My only request is to either change the reception staff or just shut down the GP. There is no purpose in serving the patients if you don't know how to talk. This seems like giving the surgical knife to a convict and asking him to operate.

Author: Liz Wright
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Liz Wright2 years ago

Author: Gosia
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
shocking staff, too much to even explain

Author: Susan Henderson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
After numerous complaints about the standard of service by some reception staff there is no improvement. Abrupt, abrasive and lack of empathy. Whilst some go that extra mile those who remain rude and refuse to listen, clearly have no concept of how to be professional let alone courteous. It lets the whole team down.

Author: Leah Russell
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
1 of the reception staff is rude unhelpful and very abrupt she obviously doesn't like her job or have empathy for patients her attitude is disgusting!. My experience with doctors so far have been good quite helpful especially with my daughter's asthma but sometimes they just want you off the phone asap. The nurse I've dealt with is lovely and caring. Also Iim on long term sick with fibromyalgia amongst other issues and find it just as hard to get an appointment !! Don't tar everyone with same brush!

Author: carys
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
My dad had been continuously complaining of chest pains and ‘heart flutters’ for months. Doctor sent him to get a 24hr ECG back in December, nothing concerning was found and he was sent on his way with “no follow up required” in the exact words of the doctor, not even any blood tests or further investigation in any form. Just over six months later and he’s taken a heart attack and is now hospitalised. Not only do the hospital have no record of this ECG being taken which, and I quote is “quite important” to them in these circumstances but also despite my dad having sought treatment on several occasions from Victoria Medical Practice he has now had a life threatening experience which was most definitely preventable if the doctors at Victoria had taken more care to investigate further. I am DISGUSTED at the appalling medical negligence from the doctors at Victoria Medical Practice who I am sure are very comfortable with the substantial salaries they get paid to perform MALPRACTICE whilst my poor father lays here in hospital devastated because he’s going to have to miss his first measley (compared to what the doctors can probably manage I’m sure) few hundred quid caravan holiday in six years. Now, this is not our first bad experience with this practice as several years ago my mother was diagnosed with sciatica by one of the STILL PRACTICING TO THIS DAY doctors in Victoria Medical Practice when in reality she had the rare and VERY SERIOUS condition of Cauda Equina and almost went paralysed if she were not rushed to the hospital. Thank God we have now moved home and thus moved away from this “Medical Practice” and the doctors who despite being well educated, paid and respected have FAILED me and my family. Good riddance.

Author: CK 88
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
CK 881 review3 years ago

Author: Sorin Eugen Amzoi
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Sorin Eugen Amzoi3 reviews4 years ago
