Practice: KITTOCH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S63250
Postcode: G74 1AD
Google Maps title: The Kittoch Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Kittoch+Practice/@55.7630912,-4.1781142,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48883f682e9272c5:0x5dd7863488ff904!8m2!3d55.7630882!4d-4.1755339!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc46hb_h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S63250-kittoch-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lesliem Gechie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusted to hear this from my family member who has a hard enough life fighting for everything she needs for her severely disabled son. "Who knows this woman she is the practise manager at kittoch and a awful human. After much work to get Scott meds in line with a Dr in dec. They got it wrong again. When I asked loudly for the meds she denied me. I wasn't shouting, I was talking loud with my 🎧 on. She told me to sit down when I didn't wanna sit down she called the polis. polis. Still here still waiting. Still not got the meds that keep Scott alive She is a terrible person and a worse manager. KITTOCH MEDICAL PRACTICE in EAST KILBRIDE"

Author: Barbara Birney
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good practice, fair doctors, and a mixed range of male and female, seen quickly

Author: Sharon Donaghy
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I seen Dr Greenwood Yesterday. Couldn't have had a better experience. I find all the Dr's to be very approachable especially Dr Cunning and Dr Marisa Jackson

Author: Bernie Ninian
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dismal place,almost impossible to get an appointment phone from eight to be told all appointments have gone,no other options given,the receptionists attitudes on phone are disgraceful I'm pretty sure on their first day in the job they're issued with jackboots and trenchcoats.last time I actually got an appointment whoever I seen was the most unprofessional and uninterested health "proffesional" I've ever encountered,Quick add on ive just stood in almost empty practice since 08.32 and phoned 63 times until 08.43,watching receptionist just sitting not on phone but i have constantly recieved engaged tone and it hung up,seems like theres actually a concerted effort not to see patients.Well me as a 57yr old Scotsman,the rest of the world has no problem it would seem.

Author: Gavin Reid
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gavin Reid3 reviewsa year ago

Author: Allie Hamilton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have always had good treatment from all staff in the practice. Doctors are very good and the nurse is great .Receptionists are very efficient and always found them very helpful when ordering repeat prescriptions.

Author: Steven Hanton
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Steven HantonLocal Guide · 11 reviews · 31 photosa year ago

Author: K
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have worked in GP practice management for several years and Kittoch being my own GP I thought I would give an honest unbiased review with my personal and professional experience in mind. Kittoch practice preforms extremely well considering the current standards and norms in the NHS. All practices are seeing an increased expectation on GPs to do more with less. All practices are struggling with demand at present. Backlogs in the wider system often result in patients re-presenting to the GP for management if services/specialists have not seen or taken over the care. This could be for diagnosis, treatment or investigation. A result of this is an additional stress on the system that the practice does not have power to change nor resolve on its own. This unfortunately is a nationwide problem. Patients at this practice can expect a doctors appointment within 48hours, mostly within the same day if you telephone at 8:30 or 11. Prescriptions are processed with 48 hours within the national standard. They also provide pre-bookable appointments that are released in the week. The practice have regular staff both clinical and administrative and do not seem plagued by the need for locum cover that other practices of similar size can experience. Doctors are invested in their patients care both short and long term. Most doctors are efficient, knowledgeable, kind and compassionate. The practice has enough GPs for patients to have a preferred patient choice of clinician. Practice Pharmacists and Practice Nurse are available and utilised appropriately. The Practice Manager has been both helpful and timely in my few dealings for queries re myself and the care of a loved one that I assist with. The practice utilises both internal and external services very well in consultations and signposts/refers appropriately at the clinical level. The administration team keeps the ship running and in times of need go above and beyond. The only suggestions I would make would be to assist in care navigation. Negative feedback i have heard in the waiting area, online and in public seems to often be patients who do not present frequently and/or may not know how to access appointments, request prescriptions and access other essential parts of the NHS system. The NHS Right place, right care campaign could be advertised in waiting area, telephone and online prominently. This could be complimented with additional training and empowerment in signposting/care navigation for administration staff to reduce unnecessary or no further action clinical appointments. Patients who are appropriately signposted often get the problem resolved much quicker than waiting to see a GP and are happier! Pharmacy first service is a great example as It is not a very well known service to patients who keep in good health. The increase of patient knowledge and satisfaction will benefit the practice both in the short and long term. I would also like to praise the administration team once again for their hard work and dedication day in and day out, this essential work for patients that often goes upraised that is so essential. The team on front desk/telephones seem to always rise to any challenge no matter how busy. Disappointing to learn of an increase towards staff of abuse and harassment. The practice should adopt and strictly enforce a zero tolerance policy if not already doing so. Additional compliments to Dr Lewis Jackson and Dr Laura Greenwood who are a credit to the practice. Two of the best doctors I’ve ever come across both in my professional/personal experience. Well done all 🩵💙 KY

Author: claire marr
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent doctor - Dr Merisa Jackson

Author: george mccall
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Family doctors
