Practice: LINCLUDEN MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S63813
Postcode: G71 7NE
Google Maps title: Lincluden Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 51
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Lincluden+Surgery/@55.8176191,-4.0733967,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886a8929aadfe3:0x6d96e7a3ceb75cb1!8m2!3d55.8176161!4d-4.0708164!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11cjk96hry?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S63813-lincluden-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: ian miller (ianmiller4468)
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
ian miller (ianmiller4468)Local Guide · 56 reviews6 days ago New

Author: Richy Moore
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
An absolutely disgraceful congregation of so called medical professionals. Doctors you’ve never met who can write off ailments they’ve never looked at, receptionists with the attitudes of snide teenage neds, every person in this surgery just seems to be professionally trained in gaslighting and medical negligence and not much else. I have never experienced anything quite like it. If you think nothing about the disgrace that is the NHS could shock you, wait till you meet the staff in this place. They honestly need thoroughly audited. They are a danger to the community, they are not there to help.

Author: Frank Sommerville
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been a patient there for 20+years and found everyone there fantastic. The doctors are great, nurses great and the receptionists are easy to talk to. I've never had any problems getting appointments or advice.

Author: Janice McKinnon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give zero stars I would. When you phone 9 times out of ten, the attitude from receptionists is absolutely disgusting. Especially one staff member - Sophie. Her attitude is atrocious and my mother was quite upset on the phone regarding an accident and she showed no compassion at all, her tone was sarcastic and to be honest just down right rude. Her information was entirely incorrect. I think she is a big downfall of this practice. She should be retrained along side other staff members as working for nhs Lanarkshire should follow certain standards. I hope all calls for this girl are recorded as I don’t think management would be very happy if they listened in! You are dealing with people worried about results, we are all part of the NHS and are entitled to have person centred care take note.

Author: Ian Paterson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Seems too be a change in approach at the surgery and the ladies on reception have been really empathic and understanding. Dr Schultz is a godsend and on her A game everytime I have had to visit. Sorting out a complex issue that would be easily dismissed. Thank you

Author: Joyce McParland
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
A customer service course for receptionists is badly needed in this practice They are your first point of contact and are extremely unpleasant.Not ideal when you are phoning on behalf of a seriously ill loved one AND being polite and respectful asking for help.They range from being condescending, totally rude and dismissive.I would love to know what takes place at their regular staff meetings

Author: Zaynah Raza
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lincluden medical center is the worst practice, we have come across. The staff including the practice manager are short un helpful and basically tell you to leave if you don’t like the service. The point is they are not providing any service. Rather than trying to help when you need urgent assistance on the day. They give you 2 options wait to 2 weeks or go to A&E. When we asked about the process for urgent appointments on the day, they said symptom has to appear be on the same day, which was the case for me, however, they continued to refuse to see me and said go to the private practice. My question is why are these ineffective practices still allowed to function and waist tax payers hard earned money. They are just making the system more in efficient and the general public more ill. They seem to be the cause of hospitals being overwhelmed. There is no way to get help or dive deeper to look for a solution at this center, the staff members are not interested in providing any help. So very disappointing.

Author: Sandra park
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sandra parkLocal Guide · 318 reviews · 67 photosa year ago

Author: Tom Palmer
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Tom Palmer2 reviewsa year ago

Author: The Bothwell Mafia
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible practice doing all they can to get a local charity group within village as much problems as they can . These senior Doctors have no morals or empathy the Hamilton Advertiser is running a story soon on what obstructions they have caused a local Uddingston based charity. Shame on you . 4 years later & still not community minded with there pathetic excuses for a local charity request . All will be revealed in the coming days on our community page to over 20000 locals how the partners of practice act .
