Practice: THE WILLOW PRACTICE
Canonical code: S63832
Postcode: G71 5SU
Google Maps title: The Willow Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 25
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Willow+Practice/@55.8289526,-4.0594996,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48886a5996789ca7:0x924fcb884198b784!8m2!3d55.8289496!4d-4.0569193!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc180x8j?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S63832-the-willow-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: BemierRhymie 331
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Leaving this review on behalf of family who attend here. The service they have received at this practice has been abysmal on multiple occasions. My elderly grandfather had an out of hours GP called for concerning symptoms. The out of hours GP diagnosed it as a likely UTI and sent a sample away for testing. We were told the GP practice would contact us shortly with the results. Two weeks went by with no contact from the practice, and when we phoned we were told he tested positive for a UTI and had a prescription waiting. This two week delay is honestly appalling as two weeks can be the difference between an infection causing serious complications, especially in an elderly person. On a another note my elderly grandmother has on multiple occasions been left without vital pain relief for her chronic condition due to the GP not signing the prescription before putting it through to the pharmacy for delivery, causing her condition to worsen. These are just a couple of the times they have received substandard and terrible care. I have honestly never seen a worse doctors practice and I am astounded at the lack of care and clear medical negligence that occurs here regularly. I would not recommend anyone register here.

Author: Alex Carsoñ
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Alex Carsoñ8 months ago

Author: Go Cosmos
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Go Cosmos2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Kieran Williamson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Kieran Williamson6 reviewsa year ago

Author: Tom Britton
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
I've always been well received and dealt with promptly by all staff at the surgery. I've been with this surgery 25 years, and never really had any problems from them. I find the current receptionists are helpful, I understand not all have a good experience here, but I believe they're trying to turn it around. The GPs are fantastic. And the he new askmygp site is really good.speeds up everything. Good job 👍

Author: Stephen Brady
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stephen BradyLocal Guide · 11 reviews · 16 photos2 years ago

Author: Antonio De Michele
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I was supposed to be called this morning November 24th at 9.30 for a consultation about my mental health, I am struggling with depression after an accident I had a few months ago. the call was so quick my phone was literally in front of me and by the time I picked it up they already hung up. I call them and all they can tell me is that I need to reschedule the call and they offer December 6th. this is not only unethical and fraudulent, but I need help and they made it clear helping their patients is not their first interest at all.

Author: Rebecca Morrow
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Genuinely worrying at how lacking this practice is, and as it turns out, to a dangerous level. They don't assess patients in person, a bad hangover from Covid, I know. But this has led to multiple problems for a close family member. A preventable situation has now become a potentially life-long issue because they refuse to assess or do any kind of due diligence. I'm aware GPs have a generally terrible reputation these days, but I would still highly recommend you go somewhere else for your medical needs, if possible. No one should go through what they've went through, and I worry that other people have had it worse. The nurses are great, receptionists and GPs couldn't care, or do, less.

Author: L H
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been with this surgery for over 30 years, back when Dr Russell was the lead GP. In the PAST, I have been saddened at times by unhelpful receptionists but this has clearly changed now. I find the receptionists friendly and professional. The AskmyGP app has radically changed the surgery accessibly and I find it a very useful tool. Yes appt waiting times are sometimes long, but this is a small surgery, so this needs to be expected. I feel the surgery is a decent, well managed service. Thank you.

Author: Derek Lennox
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been a client here for circa 8-10 years and although there have been issues in the past, the doctors and senior health staff are really helpful once you could get through to them. Roll forward to today, and with the current setup using the ASKMYGP app, the practice has been transformed, fast, useful and positive responses are achievable intraday. Ability to send and share documents from comfort of home/work. Health service, welcome to the 21 century. 👍🏼
