Practice: BRAIDS MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S70075
Postcode: EH10 6QT
Google Maps title: Braids Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Braids+Medical+Practice/@55.907057,-3.2118865,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c73a159fccb1:0xb567e951454b0176!8m2!3d55.907054!4d-3.2093062!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tlwf6l1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S70075-braids-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michael Cash
Date: a day ago
Rating: 5 stars
Braids Medical Practice is a well organised, high quality practice, with excellent clinicians and a really helpful and warm reception team. The addition of a physiotherapist to the team has been a bonus.

Author: Peter Pan
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Has to be the worst practice I've been with no aftercare can't get the medication you need the reception staff think there doctors asking you what's wrong when they have no medical experience your just left on the shelf after a certain age it's ridiculous can't get the medication you need always getting refused the care you need lying here in pain asked for the medical standards board phone number fir complaints couldn't give me that either something needs done with respect to the braids medical.practise

Author: Karen Schweitzer-Thompson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very pleasant and helpful receptionists. Excellent medical care from practice nurses, auxiliary staff and doctors. Thank you to all of you.

Author: jennifer macleod
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family has had fantastic care from Braids Medical Practice for over 25 years. All of the GPs are caring, understanding and listen to what we are explaining. Most recently Dr Swan was outstanding in understanding my concerns and actioning everything quickly and kindly. The receptionists are skilled and helpful. Thank you!

Author: Georgios Tzannetatos
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unacceptable reception! They gave me this piece of paper while on their system my appointment was booked for 8:10. I was there at 8:20 and they told me that I missed my appointment. Next available slot in a week!

Author: mujibur rahman
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The most uneducated and un social receptionist i have ever encountered by phone

Author: Craig Swanney-Bernales
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist’s attitude absolutely stinks. I phoned up over a week in advance to ask for a GP appt at any time to request a sick note due to breaking my wrist. Before I had even finished explaining why I was calling I was cut off mid flow by the receptionist for her to bark at me WELL IF YOUVE BROKEN YOUR WRIST WHY ARE YOU CALLING HERE?? Once I managed to get my words out she grudgingly looked for an appointment but huffed and puffed that I might have to phone up at 08:00 on the day. After speaking with the GP (who was excellent and cannot be faulted) I turned up at the surgery to collect my sick note. Once again I got barked at while she huffed and puffed and claimed she couldn’t find it. Tried to dismiss me despite me trekking up from Leith to collect the sick note. Told her I wasn’t going anywhere until it was found and miraculously she found it. Absolutely shocking behaviour. They have a sign up at the desk asking for respect. Respect works both ways. How dare you treat patients the way you do

Author: Andrew
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
AndrewLocal Guide · 18 reviewsa year ago

Author: Lulu
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great practice. Always kind and accommodating. Other GPs can be extremely rude and dismissive but I’ve never had such a positive experience like I have here, consistently.

Author: KTKO
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
The service attitude of the front desk staff is very poor. I brought my daughter to the clinic at 3:30pm on a Friday and told the receptionist that my daughter had a fever over 39 Celsius and she told me to call at 8:00am on next Monday to make an appointment. At that time, the clinic was not yet closed, but she did not try to contact the doctor to see if there was a consultation slot available, what kind of front desk service is this? A child with a fever over 39 Celsius has to wait for three days to make an appointment, and this is the service attitude of the clinic.
