Practice: LADYWELL MEDICAL CENTRE (WEST)
Canonical code: S70220
Postcode: EH12 7TB
Google Maps title: Ladywell Medical Centre West
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 102
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ladywell+Medical+Centre+West/@55.9404064,-3.2918794,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c67f13c5adcb:0x46a438fbc7d7d47d!8m2!3d55.9404034!4d-3.2892991!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v7py16r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S70220-ladywell-medical-centre-west.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Natalie
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
You can be on hold upward of 45 minutes, just to be told there is no one available to speak to you. It is near to impossible to get an appointment and extremely frustrating when you are just wanting some help. I have been waiting for weeks to speak to a doctor regarding some results, to no avail. I have had an on going issue for months with no diagnosis as to what’s happening yet. Impossible to get a diagnosis when you can’t get an appointment and it’s making me incredibly anxious. I understand there are lots of patients and the NHS is under pressure but this is beyond a joke. Update * 4 years later and the issues surrounding this practice are still very present. With an added bonus of rude receptionists to my 71 year old mother with ongoing health issues. How do you expect people to feel confident enough to come to see the doctor (if they can get an appointment - ha!) when the first person they speak to is dismissive, rude and abrupt? Some serious training needs to happen. Luckily my Mum is headstrong and has support from us but I’d be very worried for vulnerable people experiencing this sort of attitude, from people that are meant to help. Also, this passive aggressive note does not make up for the lack of clear disorganisation within this practice and is honestly laughable. Constantly being messed about with appointments, medication and a lack of care along with it. I will, however, say the majority of the care when actually seeing the practice doctors/nurses has been pretty good.
Practice response date: 4 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your comments there has been some technical issues in the last 2 days with the phone lines which are now resolved. Unfortunately we are also experiencing staff shortages. If you would like to discuss this further please call the Management Team

Author: Fraser Wilson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Regret ever joining this practice. Impossible to get an appointment. I joined four and a half years ago and never been able to get an appointment when I've needed one. The 8am dash is a farce. I have had an ongoing issue since the start of the year that I've been unable to get treatment for. I had another issue a year ago that the receptionist told me to go to the pharmacy for. Pharmacy told me this was something they couldn't deal with and to go to the GP. GP receptionist again told me to go to the pharmacy. Went to a different pharmacy to be told again that it was something a GP should deal with. Receptionist again told me it wasn't something to be wasting a GP's time with. Gave up. It's an issue that there are plenty of campaigns telling you not to ignore as well and that ultimately led to my father's death - luckily his practice actually dealt with him when he phoned. Additionally, I have a condition which my previous surgery before I moved were excellent with and for which I should have blood test regularly for. I've been unable to get this tested since joining the practice. Anecdotal evidence from others at different practices in the area suggest they are nowhere near as bad as this place. Shame you can't really move if you are already registered to a practice in the area. I was hopeful that I might be able to use the new drop in centre at Wester Hailes but patients of Ladywell West aren't allowed to use it despite patients at other practices much further away (eg Tolcross) being able to.

Author: AzAd AzAd
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service

Author: Cooltech
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I believe the building is up for sale? Where will it be relocated to ?

Author: C.
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
52 calls to get through to be told thats not emergency go see a pharmacist. Literally no way to see a doctor unless it’s an emergency by their definition.

Author: Marni L
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've recently been impressed by the emergency doctor service and the nurses, both very efficient. It still seems to be challenging to find a standard appointment but the emergency service is very effective, hopefully it continues.

Author: Mary Dalziel
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are very lucky to have such a commited team of professionals at Ladywell for our health care needs. My husband and I have had wonderful ,thoughtful and careful attention from the group for over30 years. Thank you .

Author: Mary Gordon
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am really surprised by the number of negative reviews on here. I have been a patient in the practice for 50 years and have, with very few exceptions, been impressed by the staff. While working under difficult circumstances , the various doctors and nursing staff are always very thorough and professional. I have also found the reception staff to be very helpful and professional.

Author: Michael Hargreaves
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Michael HargreavesLocal Guide · 116 reviews · 123 photosEdited 4 months ago

Author: Medo 16
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful receptionist
