Practice: CRAIGLOCKHART MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: S70610
Postcode: EH13 9AF
Google Maps title: Craiglockhart Medical Group
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 55
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Craiglockhart+Medical+Group/@55.9113031,-3.2397253,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c72f57a220f1:0xa31d3ef605832792!8m2!3d55.9113001!4d-3.237145!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tw_md?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S70610-craiglockhart-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lesley Rhind
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The few experiences I’ve had have all been really good . I respect the frontline staff . The Nurse is a diamond . Lovely demeanour from the Gp’s .

Author: Kieran Bilginer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Kieran Bilginer8 reviews · 6 photosa month ago

Author: Bazza
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst staff I've ever dealt with!!!!!! Joined this surgery 6 months ago,have never seen a doctor and IV just had my asthma inhalers stopped. For the last 6 weeks IV had no inhalers and no medication to help me after a doctor stopped my medication IV been prescribed for the last 30 years. We as the public pay to provide these fancy new buildings with all the equipment and still the staff are dreadful. It's like they own the place and we should be grateful that they spare us time to help people who are sick. Worst staff ever!!!!

Author: Alison Gillies
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient of this practice for over 30 years, and its treatment of patients is now so appalling that I assume it must be in some sort of crisis situation. Patients are required to phone at 8am for a telephone call-back appointment, and all of my attempts have been at precisely 8am. After listening to the recorded message, another automated message then tells me that I am 28th or 35th in the queue for receptionist to speak to me. By the time receptionist becomes available, it can often be mid-morning, and the message is inevitably that there are no routine telephone appointments now available for this day - ‘try again tomorrow’. This can go on for days or weeks. Some of the receptionists have advised me to try logging on at midnight to try to book a phone appointment for the next day. But often the online response at midnight is that there are no appointments available. I imagine that many people just give up trying to speak to a doctor. It feels like a really worrying and unsafe situation when there is a concern about a potentially serious health issue. Receptionists tell me cheerily that this is a telephone practice. Face-to-face appointments are certainly not the norm. When a telephone appointment is available, the most common response appears to be a suggestion that the patient should make an appointment with a nurse for bloods to be taken, and that a prescription may be issued, depending on results. It is several years since I managed to see a GP on a face-to-face basis, and my rarely-achieved phone appointments tend to be with GPs who have never met me. By contrast my partner is a patient of the wonderful Colinton Medical Practice just along the road in Colinton Village, and he is ALWAYS seen by a GP on the day he phones for an appointment. The GPs there know him well, and treat him on the basis of this knowledge and his face-to face presentation, as opposed to described symptoms from a stranger on a phonecall, NHS records, and subsequent blood results. GPs at Colinton Medical Practice do not hurry their patients, and discuss and agree treatment options and plans with them. I’d really so much welcome an explanation for the dreadfully poor and deteriorating treatment of patients seeking attention from GPs at Craiglockhart Medical Group. I have obviously tried to move from this apparently failing medical practice to another more successful and ‘safe’ local practice, where it’s viable to see GPs, and does not feel so difficult to access even a phone appointment. Any local practice would seem preferable. But sadly - in common with lots of other Craiglockhart Medical Group patients - I have found that it’s impossible to escape unless I move to a new address in a catchment area for a better medical practice.

Author: linda evans
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
It’s a horrendous booking system. I had to wait till midnight to access an appointment. However staff are polite and there is an exceptionally pleasant nurse with short hair who is so sweet and understanding. She made it worthwhile.

Author: Scott Henderson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with this doctor since it opened, Everything was good till around 4 to 6 months ago.this doctors surgery has gone down hill and I'm currently looking for a new one

Author: Jammmz
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
no idea who the receptionist is but my goodness, i get they probably have a hard job but there attitude when explaining stuff is incredibly bad, so bad to the point ive been with the surgery for 3-4 months and have made a complaint to the nhs, the surgery and i am currently moving to another surgery!

Author: Lee Spence
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service. Advise to stay clear

Author: Ioannis Pantzikis
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ioannis Pantzikis3 reviews10 months ago

Author: Ian Colquhoun
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Joined this surgery 3 years ago after moving to the area. I have never been able to see a doctor. I have a condition that requires medication. I have not had this medication for nearly 2 years now. I am also currently worried about other health problems that require a doctor. They use PATIENT SERVICES for booking appointments online. It's impossible to use this service. Every time I have tried,I never recieve any confirmation e mails from PATIENT SERVICES. I have talked to the reception staff,who were very helpful, They actually re registered me so I could try and setup another account with PATIENT SERVICES. Unfortunately this didn't work as PATIENT SERVICES already had my details and the automated response was that my details were already linked to an existing account (my old account)The staff cannot do anything regarding PATIENT SERVICES i. e contacting them. The only way to get an appointment is to phone at 8 a.m and hope there is a cancelled appointment. This is extremely inconvenient if you work. It basically means you have to take days off,phone every morning ,all the while losing money because you're not working,also risking losing your job because of the amount of time you would have to take off in the hope you get to see a doctor. Absolutely disgraceful. I gave it two stars because as I stated earlier the front desk staff were very helpful, but powerless to do anything. The stress and worry is making me feel ill in itself.
