Practice: FIRRHILL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S71097
Postcode: EH13 9AF
Google Maps title: Firrhill Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Firrhill+Medical+Centre/@55.9118553,-3.2401115,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c6debbacfdaf:0x7e5ae4a35c92628b!8m2!3d55.9118523!4d-3.2375312!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1yg58383b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S71097-firrhill-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mohamad Adam
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Mohamad Adama month ago

Author: Alexandra Reekie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Alexandra Reekiea month ago

Author: S F
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I' ve been used to be registered in other practices before but since I moved home and area then unfortunately I had no choice but to move from the other gp practice to the firhill one. Well so far it's been a disappointment and not only for me but also for my close family in this case my parents, which my father didn't got the right help from the start and even when they gave him some medicines ...still his health problem didn't disappeared and now have to pretty much land to another country to get some real and true help. I wonder if they have a brain and a degree the gp in this practice!? Because they clearly can't help, because the medicines which they gave to him instead of making him feel better they worst the overall situation making him feel worst than before, and also the gp ( a male one ) which my father went to the appointment, he wasnt really that pleasant neither!!... so unprofessional, rude. About my situation, about me well so far is been the disgusting phrase of a gp female which gave me once which was: "What kind of help you thought of getting today ", I was pretty much shocked in how she said it and I thought that it wasn't the right way at all to treat a patient! Especially when I went for help! well another rude gp!. Then another time was about another condition of mine and they couldn't even give me a good cream to cure it, I wonder that if they can't even help for a skin condition then for sure they cant be called gp at all, maybe they could have thought of sending me to a dermatologist could actually helped out but apparently they dont really suggest easily things like this, unfortunately they dont think!, Plus to see again a gp for this same condition I had to wait a month time!! When in a month time then I pretty much had to try to fix my problem myself spending lots of money too !. Well what else I can say.... just a total disappointment the gp of this practice, not the reception side, only the gp, which for how stated they clearly cant be called doctors at all!. What a disappointment, shocking!. They dont take by heart the patients health in this practice. Firhill medical center practice the worst ever. At this point I dont trust this practice and I'm not the only one who think in this way. I can't even register to another practice because unfortunately they don't allow this, as it depends in which area you live in edinburgh. Even though let's be totally more honest the NHS is been and still will struggle for many more years as apparently there are not really enough funds for the peoples who lives this city/ country. So what a person is suppose to do.. because still at present time not even the GP can give real help for apparently the overall disaster which is still happening and totally unacceptable NHS for not covering the healthcare safety of the population. Every GP of every practice should anyway still care about the patients they have even when the overall NHS service is broken. Otherwise at the end of every month do they feel satisfied after getting their salary? Do they feel like they deserve it?! So far they haven't been helpful at all, so the answer is no.. they don't deserve a salary after not doing their job properly!!!. This is towards anyone, and I have a big heart so I say this with love, ... If you have the funds then go private health care or even better if you can manage to go to another country where they actually help with health care where they really help the peoples, because this practice and the overall NHS system is broken and will stay like this for unfortunately many years ahead, everyone health care is important and should be priorities above everything else, but unfortunately this is not the current and future scenario in UK with this poor NHS and bad GP/ doctors.

Author: fortu fiore
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible, terrible. A young relative of mine has been sick for two months and, beyond the blood tests, doesn't know what's wrong. Africa (with all due respect to its inhabitants) is doing much better. Doctors are shameful for the way they treat their patients.

Author: Susan Renwick
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have had to contact reception many times recently on behalf of my husband. Without fail all the staff on reception have been so kind, helpful and professional. I never felt that I was asking silly questions. Receptionists sometimes get bad press but I have had nothing but good experiences.

Author: Alison Cant
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy with the level if care i receive,never had a issue when phoning up to see the Dr sometimes getting a telephone consultation if Dr feels she needs to see me i will be asked to go down to the surgery .. Reception staff always polite and considerate.Thanks Alison

Author: peter thornley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am visiting Edinburgh and found myself without vital medication I contacted the surgery and managed to get a temporary prescription within about 1 1/2 hours I cannot speak highly enough of the friendly and helpful receptionist and Dr Peddie Thanks so much

Author: Maher Abu-Munshar
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Maher Abu-Munshar2 reviews7 months ago

Author: Elizabeth Silva
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Elizabeth Silva1 review11 months ago

Author: David Colley
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The staff here are very difficult. I’ve been informed by the gp to order my prescriptions in person and that I can’t do it online but reception states otherwise. Reception staff don’t have a clue how to do the simplest of tasks and become quite rude and argumentative about silly things. They aren’t mental health trained and this is something that they have told me themselves which is a shame since they are the middle part of a process and due to their lack of training they make this process very difficult to deal with. Very disappointed by these continuous issues. Gp’s are the same. I find it worrying that I’ve had the go on several occasions google my symptoms.
