Practice: SPRINGWELL MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: S71082
Postcode: EH11 2JL
Google Maps title: Springwell Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 125
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Springwell+Medical+Centre/@55.9383542,-3.2292564,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c70754e5d4e9:0x23dbbe4bd8d30128!8m2!3d55.9383512!4d-3.2266761!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thxq6js?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S71082-springwell-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gavin Alexander
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gavin Alexandera week ago New

Author: Dot Tritschler
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I saw one of the duty GP’s (Dr Butler) regarding an issue re my knee on Wednesday 4th March, and subsequent to examination she referred me to Lauriston Xray department. She advised me to refrain from phoning Lauriston for an appointment until Thursday morning to allow time for her referral to get through to them. Having made 40 attempts to get through to Lauriston by phone on Thursday morning, when it continued to ring out, I contacted NHS Lothian switchboard who informed me Lauriston Xray is only open on a MONDAY!! Query WHY Dr Butler - who has been a GP at Springwell surgery for many years- wasn’t aware of such basic information? Many thanks to the receptionist Meghan for liaising with the duty GP Dr Murray (an excellent young GP) today in attempt to resolve the situation for me. I will be making an official complaint to the practice manager re the above in the hope that other patients aren’t given misinformation which has not only caused immense inconvenience but has also wasted time which could have been spent contacting an X-ray department which is actually open on a day other than a Monday! It is now lunch time on Thursday, and having spent most of the morning trying to get through to Lauriston - as advised by Dr Butler - I will now have to spend the afternoon phoning an X-ray department which is actually open in the hope that my knee will be X rayed asap!

Author: Anna
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an appointment today…also received a reminder text yesterday…however I attended the practice the door was locked and then noticed a sign…Closed for staff training! (This practice is closed more than open) so angry as a long term chronically ill patient/largely house bound making every effort to get to appointments with potential difficulty, and suffer after!! Too many mistakes on almost every appointment I attend, and I try not to attend that often so fed up with this place.

Author: XeeShan Shani Virk Jatt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff is very cooperative and this place is also very calm. They treated you professionally, but I hope you will never visit this place again. Stay healthy stay strong.

Author: Harry John Brown
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic Gp surgery nothing is too much trouble. Ive been with this practice since 2008. Over the years Dr Dickson Dr Butler were really helpful and supportive. Ive complex medical mental health for many years now and the Doctors really get me with other support through Cambridge Street services with Dr Cooper. Thanks and keep up the great work.

Author: Grace M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
the best GP I’ve been to, very helpful and lovely doctors

Author: Darrell John
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Great admin staff. Great doctors. All. Apart from DR. Ali I never name and shame but I strongly believe this Dr was the reason of the death of my aunty Sharon and he's taken away things to help my Nana's seizures resulting in her almost dying 2 tears ago .... How he can still be in this profession if worrying and if he's almost killed 2 of my family member, how many others has he directly affected and he also decided to cha he my medicine which made me spiral out of control and had to get street medicine.... That is not a normal practise of doctoring so I know he's got an alternative goal that's not help patients but harm them Dr torlesse said and I quote, we need get you off these medicines (my back) as you'll have back pain forever......so, what take me off my painkillers so I just have pain??? New here and and clueless so not speaking to her agian

Author: Khaled
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Khaled1 review5 months ago

Author: Naima
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve seen many complaints about this practice and, in fact, I understand where they come from.. but in my case, as I’ve lived across Scotland I can definitely say that this is one of the best practices around here, and that says a lot!

Author: Asim Hafeez
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
In whole Scotland you wont find a better GP than Doctor Shahzad Ali. I really miss him. Wished i hadnt had to change address.
