Practice: LINKS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: S71398
Postcode: EH6 8BW
Google Maps title: Links Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 118
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Links+Medical+Centre/@55.9691909,-3.1669108,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887b811dd652617:0x5ac02b5f8f4e2a0!8m2!3d55.9691879!4d-3.1643305!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thwz_w7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S71398-links-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: J R
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Credit where it's due. After they got a new practice manager, the phone system got upgraded and it makes speaking to a doctor and making an appointment in general much easier. There's still room for improvement with reception staff, but it's better than it was before the new manager joined. As previously mentioned The Doctors are very good especially Dr Melville whos among the best gp i've ever had, and the M.H nurse Sarah also.

Author: Caren Lovatt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great practice. I have spoken to several different doctors at this surgery and have always had a good experience. They are professional, caring and take time to listen. Dr Frame in particular has been brilliant - she is very understanding, thorough and reassuring, which makes a huge difference. The patient care team staff are also helpful and polite. While referral waiting times can be long understandably due to wider NHS pressures. Overall, I am very grateful for the care I receive here and for the hard work of the whole team.

Author: Beth Goodyear
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Every single practitioner at this practice is lovely! I have never felt patronised or had my symptoms diminished and have felt truly listened to and looked after at all points. While ringing at 8am to get an appointment can be tricky (with a nursery drop off in progress) I appreciate being able to get same day appointments. The reception staff are also really lovely.

Author: Marzena Marszalek
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Marzena Marszalek4 reviews2 months ago

Author: shaban Mustafa
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
shaban MustafaLocal Guide · 20 reviews · 10 photos3 months ago

Author: Ariel 88
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I took the day off today , went to my appointment , the receptionist told me my appointment is next month. She said there is already someone inside with the nurse. Later I phoned back and asked for a call back from the doctor to confirm my appointment, but the receptionist, I believe her name is 'Nurun' , the blonde lady was extremely rude, she didn't want to pass the message to my GP and she kept repeating that my appointment was next month. I requested the appointment for stress related issues and in the end I missed a day at work and I couldn't talk with the GP or the nurse team and the receptionist stressed me out even more. Next , I booked the appointment again with another receptionist in a week. I go there, they tell me I don't have an appointment again. This is the third time they have messed up my appointments. This is not acceptable behavior . I truly believe your receptionist team needs reviewing.

Author: K D
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The doctors here are really great, don't rush you and are very empathetic. Dr Lorne Frame is wonderful. Updated 2025. Dr Imrie is so empathetic and offers really personalised care. New nurse Fozia is amazing. Her personality and professionalism shine. Lots of people have (probably) valid complaints but I've not had an issue in two years. My GP has been on maternity and have experienced excellent cover throughout.
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you so much for taking the time to review our service and awarding us a 5 star rating. It's always lovely when a patient takes the time to tell us when things go well & I have informed Fozia of your positive feedback. Thank you Mrs Jackie Henderson Practice Manager

Author: Lindsay Clark
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The doctors and staff at Links Medical Centre, despite being over worked and underpaid, are kind, caring and excellent at their jobs. I've been registered with this practice for nearly 20 years and have always been happy. Thanks, Lindsay Clark

Author: Lynne Baillie
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best GP practice that I have belonged to in Edinburgh. Previous experience of Stockbridge and Portobello both awful.

Author: Punit Mehta
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Punit MehtaLocal Guide · 11 reviews · 40 photosa year ago
