Practice: BOROUGHLOCH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S71379
Postcode: EH8 9RD
Google Maps title: Boroughloch Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Boroughloch+Medical+Practice/@55.9412434,-3.1798796,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c79d9d382d6f:0xc36ec2c4e71aba1a!8m2!3d55.9412404!4d-3.1772993!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgh2k7r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S71379-boroughloch-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Yinmei Sun
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I recently had a very distressing experience with this practice regarding a repeat prescription. After clarifying the situation, I understand that the issue was not caused by an individual staff member, but resulted from a management decision to withhold the prescription until a medication review was completed. I fully understand the need for regular reviews and I did not refuse to attend one. An appointment had already been arranged. However, I was informed that I would need to stop my medication in the meantime. I explained clearly that abruptly stopping this medication can be unsafe and that I was unable to attend the initially offered appointment time due to work commitments, not because I was unwilling to engage in the review process. Although I was told a short emergency supply could be issued until the scheduled appointment, this was not actioned. Two days later, after submitting a new request, another staff member responded promptly and confirmed the prescription would be provided. This inconsistency and the initial management decision caused unnecessary stress and concern regarding continuity of care. I hope the practice reviews its prescribing and communication procedures to ensure patient safety is prioritised.

Author: Jack Greig
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jack Greig2 reviewsa month ago

Author: mia knight
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
they have been okay - reply times for ask my GP can be extremely slow. considering this is the ‘best way’ to contact the practice, i think this should be changed. also, i have been coming to this surgery for a year with issues with my period and have received next to no help. this isn’t necessarily a comment on the practice, help for women’s health is traditionally bad and takes a long time, but i have not had much support with this practice in terms of helping me

Author: Paul Leith
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Jane Marshall stopped taking all face to face appointments when covid hit. She refused to come into the patient waiting room, I saw her hiding behind a post once 😆 the receptionist would ask why you were there and they would pass msgs between rooms 😆 🤣 😂 dr tasha is my dr now at same practice and she's amazing. Genuinely caring, and listens and is proactive. The nurses have been amazing. Reception can be a bit snappy but generally friendly as long you're respectful of them, which is absolutely fine. Dr harder is also great. Its just Jane Marshall. To took an oath and broke it. I promise, as soon as covid hit she disappeared. Pathetic. Never liked the woman either. Condescending in tone and doesn't listen, she hears, but doesn't listen, if that makes sense. If you do go just ask for a flag to be put on your account, "will only see Jane Marshall in an emergency." I promise you, i dont know how shes allowed to practice

Author: Dono
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ms Elaine Hand is a very kind and professional medic. She took my blood test today and was very sweet to me

Author: Freya
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
How some of these doctors still have a medical license is a shock to me. Had a few very good appointments, and some really horrible ones. Without naming names I have seen some doctors who refuse to listen, refuse to help and are just straight up rude. I have had to complain about multiple doctors, and have had my referrals pushed from urgent to routine! All these doctors want to do is pump you with painkillers and tell you that they can't do anything and to go to a&e- you go to a&e and after sitting in a waiting room for 6+ hours you are sent back to talk to your gp who tells you they can't do anything. The best experience I had was with a trainee doctor who took the time to listen to me and my concerns- says a lot about the doctors. The receptionists have always been nice and seem to be aware of the issues with certain gps and not even surprised when people leave appointments crying and complain about doctors.

Author: alistair stevenson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service. Night and day from the last GP I had (Gilmore). Very helpful and extremely pleasant and friendly staff. Been with this surgery on and off for around twenty years. Always been listened to attentively with sound advice given, staff demonstrating a professional attitude as well as empathy and high ethical standards. Would highly recommend.

Author: S S
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Jane Marshall and her colleagues have always been exceptionally good to me. I am very grateful to have such a good gp as JM

Author: Cathy Wong
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
terrible booking appointment experience… I don’t even want to give a star…

Author: Eleanor Dixon
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eleanor DixonLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 6 photos10 months ago
