Practice: BARCLAY MEDICAL PRACTICE EAST CRAIGS
Canonical code: S71434
Postcode: EH12 8XP
Google Maps title: Barclay Medical Practice East Craigs
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 157
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barclay+Medical+Practice+East+Craigs/@55.9506563,-3.3062054,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c5dba2d19bd7:0xdb05db36d5183362!8m2!3d55.9506533!4d-3.3036251!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vxw7vhk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S71434-barclay-medical-practice-east-craigs.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Cynthia Tjipuka
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Cynthia TjipukaLocal Guide · 40 reviews · 198 photosa month ago

Author: Paul Lynch
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul LynchLocal Guide · 41 reviews · 78 photosEdited 2 months ago

Author: Robert Joffe
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The act of dealing with this surgery is entirely dystopian. You can only make appointments by calling at 8am. If you do call at 8am, the line is busy. Sometimes, their queuing system works, and it is possible to get through to a person in order to make an appointment; at other times, the call simply drops, and you have to call again. If you are especially unlucky, they will tell you that should have called at 8am, and that you will have to wait until the next day. The inability to book appointments in the future also creates difficult situations for anybody with any commitments outside of going to the surgery. Suppose you have an ongoing minor health problem. You can’t book any appointments ahead of time, so in order to get an appointment, you have to book an entire day off work, call the surgery on 8am on that day, and hope that the gods of East Craigs Medical Practice are so gracious and merciful enough to give you an appointment on that same day. If you are at the end of the queue, and there are no appointments left, tough luck; you took a day off work for nothing, and you have to repeat the process, hoping that you will have better luck next time. The website is currently not working. Their phone line is also not working due to the New Year. If you call them, their automated answering machine will tell you to use their website, which is NOT WORKING. I am dependent on certain prescriptions to keep myself healthy and alive. I currently have no way of requesting these. This is not acceptable. I should stress that the medical staff here are great. I’ve had mostly good encounters with them. The problem is the awful bureaucracy that patients are meant to deal with in order to access basic healthcare.

Author: Sara M
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionist is often very rude and blunt. We only call the GP when we genuinely need help, and it’s discouraging to be spoken to that way. Most of the staff are lovely, but there is consistently one person who answers calls in the morning who would really benefit from additional call handling training.

Author: Niall Reeder
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It's very hard to get an appointment couple of weeks back I hurt my back and I could not walk and the reception ist told that I should contact A&E after contacting them they were not impressed as this was not an appropriate reason contact with them.

Author: Chido Mazhanga
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I called today asking for an emergency appointment because ihv been bleeding non stop for over 2 weeks now and today was really heavy with clots and was black I got a call back from one of the doctors she sounded Indian was extremely fast and I tried explaining the back story of why this maybe happening she immediately dismissed it saying you called me and now u say I don’t know what’s wrong with you ,i asked please let me give u a back story and please let me explain my condition she said no it’s an emergency call I only get 5 minutes so Ihv already prescribed this medication take it for 10 days and bleeding will stop ,the call lasted 2minutes 05 seconds I tried to explain that this happened before and that medication didn’t work but she wouldn’t hv it said why calling if you know saying I don’t know what’s wrong with you .i cannot take this medication she didn’t listen to what I was explaining she didn’t want to listen to my condition and just in a hurry to move on .i feel let down and stuck with this problem and hurt the pain of bleeding 24hrs for 3 consecutive weeks ,with cramps and black blood no one can understand .I am hurt and extremely dim the care I got today .The call back was at 11:22am today

Author: yvonne levine
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called in feeling dizzy and giggly and due to the receptionist using her professionalism asked if I could come and see the nurse straight away which I did. Sharon the nurse did some tests and spoke to me. She sent me straight to A and E as symptoms were stroke like. I had a CT scan and a brain tumour and lung cancer were found. I feel if it was not for the caring and prompt way all the staff at Barcley's medical practice were the outcome could have been alot worse. Forever in their debt.

Author: VIRGINIA SWAN
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Probably the same as others but it’s very difficult to get an appointment.

Author: Soniya Basu
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best GP experience I ever had. Dr.Ali made no rush, listened and understood all my concerns. So was the lovely lady at the reception, warm and understanding. Thank you for making it a nice and comfortable space

Author: Eyitayo Oluwadare
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Update: 26-08-2025 Getting an appointment can feel daunting, but when you do, the team at Barclay genuinely care. Dr Rasool asked me to book a follow-up, which meant a lot; she went beyond managing my symptoms with medication and is still trying to find answers despite the uncertainty. Even the receptionist greeted me by name today without asking for details. I believe these are genuine signs of personal care, just as other staff have shown in the past. I’m still unwell, but I feel encouraged and grateful for all your support. Please continue this culture, hopefully it will rub off on other practices where it isn't felt 😉. T. 2023 Whilst I have had some difficult experience in the past at Barclays, I can say that the team, over the last 11 years, have always striven to deliver for me as a patient. My experience this year has been top notch. Despite my anxieties, when I visit your practice, your attention, listening and "genuine" focus on me always allayed my worries and helped me manage my situations better (I didn't feel that genuineness in my last visit to a NHS specialist's Dept.). Special thanks to: Dr. Louisa Walter, Dr. Houseden, Sanjay, Karen, Laura Newall and all the wonderful receptionists (forgive my not remembering your names) at the door. You guys do really treat people as "people" despite the pressure; thank you all. Tayo.
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Hello, thank you very much for taking the time to leave this very positive review. It is so encouraging to the whole team and we are delighted you have had a good experience. We hope we continue to serve you well and welcome feedback. Thank you again for taking the time to leave this review.
