Practice: HERMITAGE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S71449
Postcode: EH9 2HL
Google Maps title: Hermitage Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hermitage+Medical+Practice/@55.9292269,-3.2023075,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887c7124144fb59:0xa4d5a3725a070d3!8m2!3d55.9292239!4d-3.1997272!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdbqfyr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S71449-hermitage-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Sarah
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
The team are always kind, professional and incredibly patient, even though you can clearly see how much pressure they’re under. Despite how busy they are, they still make you feel heard and cared for. I’ve always felt supported and taken seriously here. Very grateful to have such a dedicated practice in our community.

Author: Cedr
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My review is about the receptionist. I have previously found them rude but recently I’ve spoken to a lovely professional lady. Today I got the other receptionist again and found her patronising and argumentative. She has a certain way of making you feel like you are really bothering her. I asked for clarity on if the open surgery was for non urgent appointments or just for urgent care… I was met with attitude, her sighing, tutting and patronisingly told “like I said BEFORE…it’s the only way to get an appointment in less than 5-6 weeks” which didn’t entirely answer my question about if it was appropriate to take one of these appointments for something non urgent and I clearly didn’t think she had said this before or I wouldn’t have wasted my time asking for clarity?! She was starting to argue with me so it was best to end the call. What a let down for the practice for that to be the first point of contact. I have previously seen this same receptionist coldly turn away and argue with an elderly man who came in first thing in the morning trying to get an appointment for his wife who was in the car outside very unwell. He was rudely told all appointments were full there was nothing she could do. Others in the queue were shocked at her tone and I wish I’d written a review at that time. If she had shown some compassion and explained that A&E or 111 could be an option for the man’s wife it would have been a totally different situation for the gentleman. Regarding the GPs here I have had good care from Dr Calder, Dr Blackwell and Dr Soraghan over the years.

Author: y gong
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very friendly and professional. People are always empathetic and helpful.

Author: Michael Maclean
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
By and large over the years, I have found the Doctors, Nurses and Receptionists pretty friendly and helpful. That said, I had an appointment earlier this year to see one of the Dr's (Dr G) who is a senior partner at the practice and found her to be exceptionally rude, unhelpful and unprofessional and that is just not good enough. It should be noted that people skills and empathy are important in this role. So I'd recommend avoiding this particular individual if possible. Outside of that though, overall I have a pretty positive opinion of the practice.

Author: Jana Ridegova
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation for the exceptional care I have received from Hermitage Medical Practice. From the very first appointment, I felt listened to, respected, and treated with genuine kindness. Every member of staff I have encountered, receptionists and GPs, has shown compassion, patience, and professionalism. What has stood out to me most is the level of attention and understanding offered during consultations. My GP took time to explain things clearly, involve me in decisions, and make sure I left with a sense of clarity rather than confusion. I have always felt that my concerns were taken seriously and handled with care. Appointments have been easy to arrange, follow-up has been consistent, and communication has always felt supportive and reassuring. The practice creates an atmosphere where you feel safe, welcomed, and well looked after—something that is incredibly valuable in healthcare. I am sincerely grateful for the high standard of care I have received and continue to receive. This practice is a true example of what patient-centred healthcare should look like, and I cannot recommend it enough.

Author: Richard Wilson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Please don't let people's hyperbolic reviews sway you. I have only ever had friendly and professional interactions with the reception staff, and the doctors are empathetic and kind professionals. An asset to the community.

Author: lucy stewart
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
lucy stewart1 review5 months ago

Author: Amelia
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Totally failed me. Went in. Begged for help. Didn't care. Was in hospital the next day, and night. Leave the practice - people will die because of you. Just leave.

Author: Lilian Edwards
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Most the drs and staff are trying hard ( tho with one or two very obvious exceptions - but Trish the receptionist is a star) but the place is absolutely going under - even when very ill it’s impossible to see a dr for a proper appointment or get any answer except “come to the drop in clinic” which is always full if you can’t be on the phone at dot of 8 and sometimes even then, and even if you do get in, will only deal with one issue. Hopeless for older people with multiple interlocking problems - some just end up not being treated or you go pay elsewhere, or go to A&E / m8nor injuries. Any tiny item of info you ring hopefully for is treated the same as asking for a proper appointment ie impossible to get. Communication as things change is zero - eg I was told repeatedly I could not get a steroid injection for my hip ( routinely available at other practices and from staff who had left) and had to pay £100s privately and was then suddenly incidentally told there was a physio who could give injections but noone knew what her schedule was ! Meanwhile test results can only be obtained in a 2 hr slot and noone ever proactively rings you about them. You tend to give up, thinking it cant matter much - then i have subsequently found out something was indeed very nb. Worst of all consultations are so curtailed - for some of the drs mostly spent reading the computer notes, as you never see the same person twice - that you never get told nb issues about the drugs eg when or how to take them, side effects, alternatives etc. You really wonder what serious harm may have resulted from this - I’m from a medical family & can find my way around Google - not everyone so lucky, especially again the elderly and very sick. Its no wonder people are desperately trying - often in vain - to get into other local practices.

Author: Mariam Madaki
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
WORST EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
