Practice: HOWDEN HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: S78255
Postcode: EH54 6TP
Google Maps title: Howden Health Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Howden+Health+Centre/@55.8928312,-3.5253593,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887d957b521b69b:0x6f6223b65a50c57f!8m2!3d55.8928282!4d-3.522779!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq68hgh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S78255-howden-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Allan Paterson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
One particular Reception staff here is awful and completely unaware of client confidentiality and professionalism. They forget they are in the professional role dealing with people who are there for help. And it's not always easy to ask for help!

Author: Wiktoria sulik
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never want to help, struggling with intense pain in my apdomen for years ending up in the ER getting moaned why I haven't seen my GP when they refuse to do anything other than a blood test. Tried calling for 30 mins to no avail, just hangs up making me last in the call que ans nothing i can do about it other than be frustrated. New time low today 08/07/25 Yesterday rudely hanged up on when asked for my sickline. Right before she did she asked want to be passed on to GP I said yes. Nothing all day so I call before they close. You were ever in today its tomorrow. I'm again asking for my sicknote that is being denied to me at this stage. All I was getting is the 7 days certified thing but I was seen at out of hours on the weekend and doctor said I will get one but he isn't authorised to give me one as out of hours but he will leave notes on system for them and I asked if it can be backdated to that weekend he said yes. Not only is my sickline not backdated its not even going to be available to pick up. I'm sick and was just told its a 48 process that's it. Well should I just get my sick body down to pick this up even if it isnt ready 2 days in a row as there is no communication on phone. I have paid in past for sickline when I needed it for work but apparently this time everything is against me. I get told no and hanged up on. I call again today as apparently I have a doctor appointment today? Well no was told you don't get doctor appointments for that. Well I guess all I've been told is lies day before. She told me sickline is not backdated which I NEED for work but its dated from today. I was specifically told on phone a docter can authorise a sickline before 7 days by her at this moment even tho was was apparently not true day before, then she hanged up on me. I called again right after as nothing more rude than to hang up on someone. I'm asking at this point where I can complain. I hear them talking about me in the background and whispering. That's super professional to be talking about a patient. Every time all they did is raise their voice and refuse to help. Apsolutely no professionalism at all, already complained to the lothian NHS email but was told I need to complain at the clinic. Never knew living in howden can be so cursed. 09/12/2025 Nobody in a chrismas spirit at howden medical practice, shouting at me for no reason, all I asked is why the medication promised to me last week wasnt processed like it was said it would be. I have incredibly bad abdominal pain which needs to be maintained with 6 pills a day, I came before I ran out but now I'm concerned I will have none left. I asked when will my medication be ready to pick up, she said she will give the prescription to pharmacy tomorrow, I asked again as she did not answer my question, she snapped at me saying she doesnt understand what I'm asking then she doesn't know how long it will take for the medication to be processed whilst she specifically told me last week 4 days. Always running in circles chasing their own tail. She started shouting at me that she won't be arguing with me and I only finished the call with I'm glad these calls are recorded as I'll be making a formal complain tomorrow, another cursed day living in howden.

Author: PAULINE RAMSAY
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
The doctors at this practice either don’t want to see you, but if they do they do they speak down to you and treat you like you’re a nuisance for daring to ask for help with your health issues! I’ve given 3 stars for the nurses, acute illness team and the BP clinic staff who are all very helpful.

Author: CHRISTOF Christof
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
To get appointment in there is a joke. Recepcionist ignores what you are saying.

Author: Lorna Boyle
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This health centre is terrible. I'm not sure if the staff (a few are good) are un-interested or just plain incompetent The manager of the practice is egotistic and many many people have complaints about her attitude. Waste of time taking your concerns to her, its a closed shop. If you complain about the level of care, they imply you should find another practice. I have since left. Now in a much better practice(one thats not really rated high) you realize how BAD this practice is.

Author: tommy stewart
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only gave them one star because you can't register a zero

Author: Ma
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
MaLocal Guide · 35 reviews · 7 photos7 months ago

Author: ryan grant
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am a new patient at Howden Health Centre, granted it is difficult to get an appointment which i assume is purely down to the number of patients they have ,however i would like to say this. Today I attended an appointment with the Nurse, her name is Shanna, i cannot thank her enough. Shanna is extremely knowledgeable and skilled within her field. Shanna was very thorough with going over my previous blood results and answered any questions i had. Shanna is certainly an asset to this Medical Practice along with being, in my opinion a very valuable member of the NHS. Shanna will go along way , extremely profession and at the same time remains friendly making me feel at ease. Many thanks.

Author: Tracey Watson
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Tracey WatsonLocal Guide · 83 reviews · 933 photos8 months ago

Author: Stuart Abernethy
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Typical NHS health centre
