Practice: BARCLAY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S78397
Postcode: EH54 8PY
Google Maps title: Barclay Medical Practice Livingston
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 166
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barclay+Medical+Practice+Livingston/@55.9022711,-3.5499906,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4887d941338723ff:0xbab288d6ceca5bcf!8m2!3d55.9022681!4d-3.5474103!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11dftpf_vd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S78397-barclay-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Carol Shedden
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
UPDATE: Looks like Barclay (at last) has someone in charge who knows what they are doing. Went up at 8am yesterday and was given an appointment at 9.15. Finally ditched that ridiculous ‘call back’ step 👏 Who wants to play phone roulette at 8am when they are feeling unwell? Even if you do persevere and finally get through, you are triaged by a receptionist who says you will be called back ‘at some point during the day.’ Even worse if it’s the emergency service, you’re told ‘the doctor will only call once, so make sure you are by your phone.’ So you stay glued to your phone and when you finally do get a call back, you have to repeat the story you told the receptionist hours earlier. The clinician who calls then decides whether your issue is worthy of being seen in person. A ridiculous set-up, which is frankly, a complete waste of time and only acts to exacerbate patient stress levels. If you get through and an appointment is available, you should get one. Staff should not be able to pick and choose who they see. I believe continuity of care is essential. Sadly, it appears those days are gone. The doctors at Barclay move between its surgeries, which makes building any kind of rapport/trust with a particular clinician, impossible. This can be very frustrating when you are having to repeat your ‘story’ over and over again. That said, the clinicians I have encountered, I believe, have done their best. A particular shout-out to Helen (ANP) and Lauren on reception who have taken the time to listen and respond promptly. GPs like my previous Doctor, John Parris, who would go above and beyond for his patients (and has now sadly passed away) unfortunately seem to be a thing of the past. I am in the process of trying to switch to Carmondean Medical Group, which gives you a face to face appointment if one is available and has pre-bookable appointments two days a week.

Author: Sub Luckie
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thanks to Vivienne and Freya for sorting out a problem my son had with a medical form. You really went above and beyond.

Author: Matty Simpson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking Doctors practice worst in Livingston probably the worst in Scotland.. GP’s that don’t read your notes before sending referral lettings so the hospital returns them to the GP the incompetence of this medical practice is staggering and it’s nice to see that everyone feels the same way about them. Disgrace of a practice. Not to mention who has 40mins to an hour to sit on hold trying to get an appointment? When you’re not well! They deserve closed down never mind a new reception.

Author: 3D HONDA
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
3D HONDALocal Guide · 5 reviews · 2 photos2 months ago

Author: samuel vance
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was thire on firday the staff as you walk to see the are very nice and the nurses what comes in to se me are very niece but the Doctors weare helpful thank you

Author: Mariusz Lewandowski
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Barclay Paracetamol Medical Practice :D

Author: Moira Jackson
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You can never get appointment! Either none left when you eventually get through and you cant pre book as there are none left! Just told to phone back tmw..Got through @8.01...30th in the queue!! 10 secs prior it was ringing engaged????Complete joke..8 years on same problems been waiting over 9 hours for a call back!

Author: Julia Miles
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Updated 2025 review ==Getting an appointment== Like most GP’s, you have to ring at 8am and have your symptoms triaged for a callback before being invited in, as there are just not enough appointments to go round. Do be prepared to hang around your phone all day and to be called in on their terms. There is often a huge queue on the phone line at 8am, however, they have a good system where if you’re in the queue, you don’t have to hold, and you can press 1 to be called back once you are front of the queue. I believe making a routine follow up (for a few weeks/months in advance) can be done anytime in the day. There is now a new online service open between 5 and 7:30am on the day to make an on the day callback appointments without having to wait in line. ==The surgery itself== All my points of disabled access still stand. It’s a nice building inside. Comfortable waiting rooms, though confusing, as one is for Barclay and one is for Carmondean medical practice which is also in this building. If confused, ask. There is a touchscreen check in screen near reception, but it’s often out of order. There is one large, comfortable unisex disabled toilet. There are a lot of long winding corridors in this surgery, it would be ideal if they were signposted a lot clearer, including signs to get to the men’s and women’s toilets if they have them. ==Good experiences== My doctor / clinical pharmacist who I see every month (Stuart) is a great guy and I have to give him his dues for helping me with my medication and making things easy for me while in recovery. He’s a credit to the practice. ==bad experiences== - 2024- I had an appointment at half four and I rung prior to it in plenty of time to ask if I could push it back a bit. I was told that’s fine Julia, the doctor says you can come in at 5. So I came at 5, and the computer check in showed an error, so I approached the desk to be told by the (blonde but didn’t get her name) receptionist (one of many who seemed more bothered about chatting together than speaking to me) that I’d missed my half four appointment. I explained how it was rearranged, showed them the phone evidence of calls, that they’d agreed to change it. Got told “no you didn’t speak to us today”. I calmly showed her my call history again, and I said will you check with the doctor and the receptionist after seeming reluctant, got up, and came back just telling me no again. Another receptionist was glaring at me obviously for interrupting their conversation. They were very rude, threatening, accused me of outright lying and made me feel incredibly uncomfortable. -2025- I was shouted down by my GP to “stop asking (him) that” when asking about my medication and why it was no longer safe. I am autistic and this was an awful way to deal with what was just a question. ==Complaint Procedure== 7 months after the complaint lodging, I never heard anything back, so I’m not sure if it was passed on. I had to make another complaint in 2025 for being yelled at, If I do not hear back this time I will be raising it further. Overall, I’d rate two stars. GOOD POINTS • Good callback service to avoid sitting in phone queues. • Clean toilets • Comfortable waiting area • Tray of (free) condoms, pregnancy tests and period products at the front door • Stuart from the addictions team is a credit to the practice. • from 5-7:30 am you can go online to book a callback. BAD POINTS • Not enough appointments available. • You will never be given an appointment straight away, you will have to be triaged first with a callback. • You will not be told what time your callback will be. • If you do get told to come in, you don’t get to choose your appointment time. • Was snapped at rudely by a GP • Some rude, unkind reception staff. • Complaints not dealt with • Blue lights in disabled toilet can be quite disorientating. • Not clear on whether there are women’s and men’s toilets too. I could only find one toilet, the disabled one. If there are more, they need to be signposted • Waiting areas for each practice need signposted better

Author: Fiona
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Trying to get an appointment is like trying to find a unicorn. You have to call every morning and when you finally get through there is most likely already a queue if at least 15 other callers at 8am, to be told there are no appointments left available when you make it to the front of the queue and to call again tomorrow and play appointment roulette again. It gets really frustrating when a GP has requested you to make an appointment and you cannot get one, especially when dealing with a deteriorating health problem.

Author: Ghost Rider
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I appreciate the negative reviews and I have read several. I may be fortunate.. But I have used the practice since October 2023 and have found the staff with the odd exception to be really nice and helpful. When dealing with members of the public, it can be a very stressful time - patient and staff members. But when the Scottish Government are attempting to run the NHS with Lemon Money and are delusional in thinking that it does not need Champagne Money - neither wonder the Country is in such a run down state.
