Practice: BARCLAY MEDICAL PRACTICE-FAULDHOUSE
Canonical code: S78414
Postcode: EH47 9JD
Google Maps title: Barclay Medical Practice Fauldhouse
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 25
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Barclay+Medical+Practice+Fauldhouse/@55.829095,-3.7086523,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888754428c9d5af:0x543de047973d8e5b!8m2!3d55.829092!4d-3.706072!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11lkjy4p9g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S78414-barclay-medical-practice-fauldhouse.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Truman Burbank
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Despite all the negative reviews, I can catergorically say that this surgery provides an outstanding service. I moved to Fauldhouse with the last two years and have used the surgery numerous times. Just like other surgeries there is always a queue for appointments. Despite that it is not overly difficult to get an appointment and treatment has always been very good. People have know idea how lucky they are when I compare to many surgeries in Fife which are frankly horrendous.

Author: Liz Sweeney
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service, always been able to see or speak with a GP. GPs are always very helpful and take time to listen to what's going on with me. Nurses are always willing to help and even slot you in if they think you need to be seen. Reception staff are very pleasant even though I have witnessed them getting verbal abuse. They are very knowledgable and very professional when dealing with patients no matter what's going on in their own lives they still smile, show respect and are kind to others. Well done Barclay Medical Practice Fauldhouse.

Author: Chelsea Waldron
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I normally hate the doctors with several conditions im normally fobbed off but today I actually felt listened to which was lovely, Dr Vadakkayil was amazing, listened to me and has put a plan in place which seems like a good start. Hopefully this continues.

Author: John Mooney
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very difficult to access the GP.

Author: Claire Brodie
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called this morning was 4th in line woman said she had bad line and then proceeded to hang up on me. No warning or call back I mean am calling for an appointment so somethings wrong but who cares just hang up on people. Terrible service.

Author: Anne Williams
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The repeat prescription set up is an absolute joke! My husband has been on medication long term ie since the 1990’s therefore I believe I know what I am talking about. Anyway apart from the fact that in April 2024 he was hospitalized for a month and then had to attend hospital daily for 6 weeks to enable him to get intravenous medication, and even after that spent another few months on various medication until he was pretty much fully recovered. It is now very important to me that he gets his medication on time! Fair comment I’d expect but I have in the last 18 months especially (or maybe I’ve only noticed due to the severity of his latest illness) noticed that the system does not work! Used to be I ordered them on my phone ( his meds) repeatedly this did not work, I have for maybe 6 months now had to revert to “old school” and write on a chatty what is required and yet again I have lost count of the amount of times the script does not reach the chemist! To add insult to injury..I complained and then basically because I did I was threatened with being excluded from the practice! Okay I was a bit upset at the time but I did NOT shout at the receptionist nor did I behave in.a threatening manner! I explained in no uncertain terms that I am not happy about being mucked about 1 I do not have the time and 2 I do not want to see my husband that I’ll ever again, during the first week they were not sure he would survive and all this is down to not very good medical practice in the first place as in someone who is allegedly medically qualified should have realised that the diclofenac they put him on should have been stopped and not allowed to burn a hole in his colon and therefore allow bacteria to seep through to his peritoneal and allow 4 abcesses to grow and nearly kill him. To say I am not impressed is an understatement I am still awaiting a reply to my letter which was sent in before the end of November and yet it is still happening, no prescription- not ordered this is twice this week alone and I can assure you they were ordered. Does anyone have any suggestions on how to get prescribed medicine or should I consult a solicitor on what I have just realised might be a malpractice case?

Author: gibby Brown
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
yoy have got to know when your going to be ill and phone in before 8am to try get an appointment to see a gp but first you have to traverse the 10 or so doctors that have never been to medical school in little glass box called reception worst excuse ever for a doctors office

Author: Naveed Khan
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst possible. They should be shut down. We have been unable to get an appointment for six months. They ask us to call every morning and then take more than an hour wait. Then we have to go to work so we hang up. This is going on for months. Why cant they give appointments after 1, 2 or 3 weeks. They are playing with lives and just dont care.

Author: Kate Gallacher
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kate Gallacher11 months ago

Author: Louise Cunningham
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had a great experience, especially with our baby. There has been a few times we have had concerns, phoned in the early afternoon and they have made sure we got an appointment the same day. Receptionists are so helpful and great to deal with.
