Practice: BEITH HEALTH CENTRE GP PRACTICE
Canonical code: S80147
Postcode: KA15 2AE
Google Maps title: Beith Health Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 36
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Beith+Health+Centre/@55.7515149,-4.636069,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4889ca7091de760b:0x2dc65ab6dbd51025!8m2!3d55.7515119!4d-4.6334887!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tm8dksn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S80147-beith-health-centre-gp-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ruth Potts
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I phoned this morning ( ChristmasEve) and spoke with a lovely receptionist who was extremely helpful and pleasant. Was told a nurse would call me back this morning. Within 10 minutes I had been phoned and a prescription ready for me to collect. I have had my issues with the surgery in the past however the service I received today was amazing and very much appreciated. Keep up the good work. Merry Christmas to you all.

Author: alastair collins
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been at this practice for many years and have seen the NHS decline. It’s very easy to blame the Health centre ….. but for me I can only praise them for their service. Well done in providing the community a health service that many other locations don’t benefit from.

Author: Luna
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting excuse of a health centre , Dr Graham has to be by far the worst doctor I've came across in my life consistently telling me to loose weight to fix my skin even tho I'm an average weight for my height ?, he is also the reason my close family member ended up with stage 4 cancer and died at 43 due to him constantly brushing her off and not sending her for tests etc

Author: Brian & Margaret Smith
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
A two minute listen before being asked to choose options with no possibility of short cutting this! No wonder they warn of zero tolerance of abuse. Surely the recorded message could be summarised at least?

Author: Iain and Mel Beattie
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have never dealt with such incompetent people, two doctors, 1 nurse, 1 physio who thinks he is a doctor and a million receptionists (who are nice) there has been times we have been left without medication because it takes a week to do a prescription. no follow up calls and no one listens, I am so relieved I have changed doctors surgery

Author: Meghan Smith
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wish I could put 0 stars. Worst surgery i’ve ever dealt with. Took them over a month to get my repeat prescriptions from my previous surgery and this was only after chased them up weekly and every time was told “we’ve not asked for them yet”. Now when I put a request in for my prescriptions, it takes weeks by which point I’ve ran out and left without important medications and every time I have to chase them because they never process the request unless they’re nagged. They’re honestly useless and have zero care for patients. Calling is basically impossible and if you eventually get through, they’re incredibly unhelpful. The only option is to actually go in and speak to them which 9 times out if 10 is a waste of time anyway because you’ll find yourself going in a week or 2 later asking them for the exact same thing because they haven’t bothered to process it the first time. Really feel for anyone with life threatening illnesses in the area. This surgery would happily watch people drop dead if it meant they didn’t have to do any work themselves. Don’t blame the NHS because i’ve never had issues like this with any other surgery i’ve been registered at. Worst surgery ever. Would absolutely not recommend EVER 👎🏻

Author: Stuart Milne
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The staff are great, but wading through that e-consult carry on is a bit of a joke, even if you are able to navigate a computer. presumably if you are infirm, disabled, lacking internet access, you are absolutely stuffed.

Author: Euan Stuart
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
FIRST-CLASS MEDICAL STAFF LET DOWN BADLY BY THEIR COLLEAGUES IN RECEPTION. I and my family have been registered at Beith Medical Centre for nearly 20 years, so have had dealings with them many times. To be clear, I can't thank the medical professionals there enough for the care they provide; they are uniformly brilliant. With this in mind, it's a real shame that this facility's reputation is repeatedly trashed by the discourteous and unhelpful receptionists employed there. I have lost count of the number of times that they have been abrupt, sarcastic and dismissive when I have spoken to them. The most recent example of this (which prompted this review) occurred last Thursday (24 April 25) when I attempted to book a follow-up phone call with the Nurse Practitioner for my daughter, in compliance with instructions received in an earlier consultation. As requested on their website, I initially tried to do this electronically on their 'e-consult' platform, however it had been closed so I phoned the surgery instead. After explaining the issue, the receptionist initially refused to book a phone call, instead insisting that I try 'e-consult' again on the following day. When I asked why we couldn't just do it now over the phone, she eventually agreed after much tutting and sighing. I realise that this incident is minor, however I've had similar experiences so many times now that this one was 'the straw that broke the camel's back'. I understand that reception staff are often subject to dreadful abuse. There's no excuse for that, however that doesn't excuse rudeness on their part when they are politely asked to do their job. First impressions count, and the one they present to the public is frankly disgraceful.

Author: Laura Mazzara
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't get an appointment with a doctor. The eConsult system is a nightmare if it's even available. This surgery seems to try to avoid dealing with people at all costs.

Author: Gordon Cairney
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Gordon CairneyLocal Guide · 44 reviews · 40 photosa year ago
