Practice: TANYARD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S80171
Postcode: KA18 1BF
Google Maps title: Tanyard Muirkirk Medical Group
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 59
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Tanyard+Muirkirk+Medical+Group/@55.4530465,-4.269408,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x488827d0d4feb629:0xe999ec70e75f5251!4m8!3m7!1s0x488827d72ad3dd9d:0x69da91e6f95d4d84!8m2!3d55.4530435!4d-4.2668277!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc1z5j2n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S80171-tanyard-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Katlyn Rutherford
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Emergency dentists behaviour was shocking today. Told me the tooth could be removed or could wait. I ask to wait and he got very angry and pushy with me. When I explained I'm scared of the dentist and how much notice would I have if the tooth needs pulled he told me the pain would be the notice. Extremely unimpressed

Author: Tracey Shearing
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
OMG, never in my life I'm 58, have I encountered such a rude, arrogant doctor like Dr Amin. Infact if Dr Shipman was still alive i would recommend him to other Patients & not this complete tool. Dr Amin is only interested in easy patients. Ones who don't ask awkward questions. A Doctor is supposed to read your notes, this one obviously doesn't. So if you have the misfortune of having to see Dr Amin & not a Doctor who is compassionate,with some form of a bedside manner & willing to listen, I would highlight the fact you have problems other than what you are there for. I.E. Depression &/or Anxiety, because if you don't, Dr Amin will end up talking to you like you are 5 years old. Then he will complain about YOU. Absolute disgraceful behaviour from a GP.

Author: Warren Frost
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have seen and read some of the poor scores and comments of this medical center, I have to say that I don't see how they can have a bearing on this medical center. I have always found the staff pleasant and helpful. Everyone has a bad day and I guess a little tolerance goes a long way.

Author: Kreggan 87
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ranked consistently one of the worst GP practices in the whole of Scotland according to the Scottish Government‘s Health and Care Experience Survey!!! This place really is the pits. Plenty of other options roundabout - go outwith Cumnock is what a lot of us locals are forced to do. There’s always issues here, always someone infront of you in the (massive) queue with an issue. This seems to be historic. Where’s your prescription? Eny, meeny, miny, moe - it’s never where you asked it to be. Always an excuse. Don’t dare complain, go to the health board or media - they really don’t like that and will make an extra special effort to be incompetent. The common denominator always seems to be this place and the management (which changes all the time) or lack of. The place is a filthy midden - go elsewhere like many others do.

Author: Fulvio Becchelli
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless, avoid this

Author: Kaylin Hamilton
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always had great service from the receptionists, HCAs, nurses, and doctors. You have to call early and wait in the phone queue to get an appointment, but this is the same everywhere and not the fault of the practice. Blame a lack of NHS funding at the government level for that.

Author: Jamie Wallace
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jamie WallaceLocal Guide · 31 reviews · 2 photosa year ago

Author: Shan Ban
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Shan Bana year ago

Author: Steven Murphy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute terble place to be associated with

Author: Scottie Henderson
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve given them 2 stars because the service from the actual GP themselves has been good, prompt and quite thorough. Unfortunately it’s the main usage of medication ordering that has brought the rating way down. I suffered from an AVM which left a few issues amongst other health problems, one of these being very poor memory. All of my meds are due at same time as s result so that I don’t need to remember all different dates to order meds. I’ve ordered meds on a few occasions now where some have been rejected whilst others accepted? What? Why? Granted I was 1 week early on latest occasion due to going on holiday and won’t be there to order on time, rejecting some now is only going to create meds now due on different dates which I was aiming to avoid. I have been informed during a rant to a friend that’s it’s actually receptionist who processes prescription’s and GP just signs them. What school do these jumped up phone answerers go to to have the power to accept or reject peoples important meds? Im so angry. I thought health service was designed to try and minimise folks problems and health issues not contribute to them. Just a wee update, rowland chemist across from the surgery was very helpful and putting me on a weekly roller meds pack delivered weekly, to help with my memory problems. Couldn’t fault them or thank them enough, however, when taken to GP it was refused. Never in my whole life have I ever come across a health centre or GP practice that actually goes out of their way to make life as difficult as possible for patients. I’ve decided to switch practice. Steer clear of these charlatans if you possibly can. I’ve also amended my initial 2 stars and reduced to 1
