Practice: THE SURGERY
Canonical code: S80414
Postcode: KA1 2BD
Google Maps title: Old Irvine Road Surgery
Google rating: None
Google review count: None
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Old+Irvine+Road+Surgery/@55.6085273,-4.5054631,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888329534ed471b:0x57ee26a28db4a7ce!8m2!3d55.6085243!4d-4.5028828!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg2d1wh?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S80414-the-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Jay RFC1
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jay RFC12 weeks ago New

Author: Jordan Carlin
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I've been a patient here for nearly 4 years, and not once have I actually got to see my GP(Dr McGregor) face-to-face in that time. I was prescribed amitriptyline for shingles but when I stopped taking them due to the side effects I was then told I shouldn't have been prescribed them in the first place due to me having obstructive sleep apnea. Been told from a health practitioner that I need "more education" on how to manage my asthma when I've been prescribed steroid tablets twice and antibiotics once since October 2025 until now for none of these medications to help my chest(which they used to in the past)

Author: yin yang honey
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sadly, experienced a terrible receptionist rude attitude, another just cannot do her job, both cannot order repeat prescriptions without them being WRONG many times, nearly given an extreme heart medication that could have killed me. Wrong weight, height on chart. Wrong diagnosis. Wrong tests ordered, no referrals and treated like a problem. Drs come and go more than McDonald's menu changes. Refusing basic pain medication to prescription strength medication being wrong. Hand out 100s of high strength gabapentin to which I cannot take for a nerve disorder but not prescribed paramol once a month??? Old antiinflammatory but I have stomach issues and was told no ibuprofen. And at that no history of painkillers abuse, still refuses basic low dose painkillers. Refused corticosteroids, given coal tar for psoriasis skin issues, which were made worse!!!! Drs refused to acknowledge. Moved surgeries after being put into out of hours drs/hospital repeatedly after being refused help, refused medication and referal

Author: Al Sc
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t recommend this surgery Receptionists are rude, put you down make you feel stupid for whatever reason your phoning and they Do not take mental health seriously at all. Complaints team are useless aswell don’t discipline staff for anything and make it out as if it’s your fault you were treated that way.

Author: Nifke
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Unfortunately, many doctors have been unhelpful in the past to me, we can all relate to seeing a doctor who wants nothing more than to get you out of their office. However having seen Dr Aleea Mahmood, I am so pleased with her help. She was empathetic, patient, efficient and most importantly took my symptoms seriously and actually helped. She is the best doctor I have ever came in touch with within the NHS and I am thrilled to have her as one of the doctors in my local GP.

Author: Joanne McGregor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude staff. You will never see the same Dr twice even if you do manage to get you actual face to face appointment. Mix up prescriptions often. And call you to review medicines you aren't even on! Total shambles

Author: Alan Blyth
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
8am and phones are down - c'mon man

Author: Maureen Dingwall
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
There is a new doctor female that has started in this surgery and she is fantastic she is the only doctor that has sat down listened to me and explained why this is happening to me and given me the right medication this doctor is on the ball and needs to be recognised thank you doctor

Author: nicole Marshall
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Got letter to say I hadn't cancelled appointments when I had been waiting round see a doctor from end of December about medication and leg pain got a call today finally still left without medication yet the practice manager has the bloody cheek to send letters out a need my b12 a need a review on medication and all I get is cheek of reception aw call back next day liars....maybe they'll wait till my leg falls off disgusting

Author: Lorna Donaldson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lorna Donaldson2 reviewsa year ago
