Practice: STATION ROAD MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S80537
Postcode: KA9 1AQ
Google Maps title: Station Road Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Station+Road+Medical+Practice/@55.5016313,-4.614141,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4889d3f17090e7e7:0xded1a9fdfd5d6e8d!8m2!3d55.5016283!4d-4.6115607!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgnwt9g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S80537-station-road-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Viktoriia Lytvynova
Date: Edited 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
At the appointment, the doctor wasn’t even wearing a doctor’s coat, just a sweater (I don’t know how normal this is, just a fact). When checking the Covid test, the tube with the sample was not closed upon me for at least 10 minutes (again, I don’t know how acceptable this is, just a fact) these two points were confusing, otherwise the visit went well

Author: David Currie
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Sometimes forget to put medication through on the order ! and having to re apply for the missing medication prescription??

Author: Megan Lanni
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve had two very poor experiences at this practice. On both occasions I was made to feel rushed and dismissed, and my previous medical history wasn’t properly considered. Most recently, I attended with a suspected recurrence of HSV on my eyelid - a condition I had previously been diagnosed with by another GP, pharmacist and optometrist, and had lab confirmation for. Despite explaining the history clearly, I was told it was unlikely to be HSV and was given a steroid/antibacterial cream, which is not appropriate for suspected viral lesions. My swab has now come back positive for HSV, confirming what I had been trying to explain. I now have to manage this condition from London where I said I would be visiting. The reception staff have always been helpful, but I strongly feel the GP I saw needs to take more care to listen to patients, review their medical history properly, and avoid dismissing symptoms.

Author: Jeanette Pace
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Without a doubt this is the best doctors surgery I've been to. I've moved numerous times so I have some experience, and I used to have to wait 2 weeks for a phone appointment and around a month for an in person appointment. It still shocks me how fast I can get an appointment now. The delivery of my prescriptions is incredibly helpful. The staff are all friendly and helpful. All in all it's a fantastic surgery.

Author: Gijesh Shaji
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist and GP always busier than any emergency department Scotland…😡😡😡😡never answer calls always busy….. worst service ever…. Not recommended… try some other gp services if possible.Receptionist has no shame to tell as we are very busy seems like phone receiver keep aside ….😡😡😡😡 …

Author: Grace Brailsford
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Difficult to read some negative reviews. I have been with this practice since moving here 5 years ago. I cannot fault the care I receive. Everyone from receptionists, health care staff, nurses and Drs are helpful. I have never had a problem getting an appointment when I explain what my issues are. At times they have gone above and beyond especially when I had a significant heart issue. Friendly, helpful and professional. Thanks to the whole team especially Dr McAndrew and latterly Dr Brown for his telephone support. Grace Brailsford (previously Cunnington)

Author: Mark Stewart
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately the reception staff think they are the all mighty himself and take great pleasure in refusing people appointments or care when they come in seeking help They have no empathy or compassion and a once of common courtesy never mind and common sense if they don’t agree with you then it’s not worth their time to talk about it It’s no wonder the NHS is failing if this is the best they can do

Author: HJ McPherson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
The drs here are wonderful and very helpful but it’s extremely difficult to even get appointments. People who work full time or who can’t take a break at work to spend ages trying to get through to reception are at a great disadvantage. Some days I call at 8:30 and the phone doesn’t start ringing until 9am so it’s really frustrating

Author: Lorraine Brown
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lorraine Brown1 reviewa year ago

Author: Helen Baskerville
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
We’ve been registered with Station Road Practice for the past 10 Years now and have nothing but praise and gratitude for the services that they offer. Dr McGill, Dr Currans, Dr McAndrew, Gemma in Occupational Therapy, the nurses and indeed all the Receptionists have shown real empathy and support where needed. I would definitely recommend the Practice to anyone new coming into the area.
