Practice: THE LENNOX PRACTICE
Canonical code: S85225
Postcode: G83 0UA
Google Maps title: The Lennox Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 11
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Lennox+Practice/@55.9914287,-4.588458,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888532f628549c1:0x5ad040a4a6ce43e7!8m2!3d55.9914257!4d-4.5858777!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pp2tvqvk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S85225-the-lennox-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ashley Anderson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The reception team at The Lennox Practice are absolutely brilliant. Every time I call, the girls at the front desk are so lovely and always friendly, happy to help, and genuinely caring. When I recently went in to hand over a sample, one of the receptionists noticed I seemed a bit uncomfortable and, without me even asking, offered me a bag to pop it in. That small act of thoughtfulness made such a difference. They’re always efficient, smiling, and make you feel at ease. People are often quick to criticise reception staff in GP practices, but the team at The Lennox Practice truly are the best there is!

Author: Euan Fraser
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
The greatest asset this practice has is Dr Gordon, he is the most understanding caring Doctor I've ever had. As a patient with adhd/autism that finds it extremely hard talking with people and awaiting spine surgery at a very young age of 37 he has been absolutely amazing with me! I've found him to be the only Doctor I've ever had that actually cares for his patients and what they are going through. I've left 3 stars because of Dr Gordon but he 100% definitely deserves 5 stars, now the rest of the doctors in this practice deserve no stars at all, hence my 3 stars just because of Dr Gordon. The other Doctors have been extremely rude towards me and my family, speaking over us and telling us things like they've wasted enough time on me speaking after only a minute and a half of being in the room. Now because of my condition I'm relying on alot of help from family as I'm a single father and find walking/standing up extremely sore and use what I have around me to basically hold myself up and as a crutch to hold and move around. My mother accidentally threw some of my medication out while helping me clean my kitchen and today whilst seeing Dr Graham i was basically acussed and treated like I was a drug addict. She said the reason she wanted to see me was and I quote " to see if I was clucking from any other drugs" ,as she stood above me, clearly seeing and hearing the pain I was in upon entering the room and sitting down and standing up. I'm currently awaiting spine surgery and I have a catheter attached to my ankle!!! She stood above me leaned forward putting her glasses to the end of her nose and 2 hands on her desk looking into my eyes like I was a drug addict and said the thing I quoted. Now because I kept getting let down with medication for my adhd/autism years ago i turned to smoking cannabis as a way to calm myself down, which I haven't touched now in months as I desperately need the medication for adhd/autism to feel some kind of normality in my own head and the mental health team won't give me them because of the cannabis, let's say MISUSE, Which upon my last visit i was unable to urinate because of my spinal problems and they couldn't get a clear reading from the amount of urine i was able to supply, so they gave me a swab and told me it can pick up cannabis for 6 to 9 months and there is usually some leeway. I then received a letter, after watching the nurse taking the test at mental health throw my urine out and discard the tub I used, telling me after sending my urine to a lab they found cannabis in my system, which is clearly a total lie as I was told the results from the SWAB test right there and then which showed cannabis in my system because it's only been around 3 months I've not smoked it and I watched the nurse throw my urine out and tell me it wasn't enough to tell what was in my system hence why the swab test was done. So after speaking with Dr Graham today she spoke down to me condescendingly and patronisingly like I was some sort of junky that only wanted drugs as she leaned forward 2 hands on her desk and said " am i sure I'm not taking drugs! I left the surgery this morning totally broken inside feeling anger and let down because of how dr Graham spoke to me because im totally against drugs and even alcohol as watched my own father kill himself with alcohol. I think that before talking with any patient they should completely read up on what the patient has and is going through before making there own assumptions on what the patient is doing in their lifes. I ONLY WANT HELP !!!!! ......AND THE MEDICATION THAT WILL HELP ME FEEL NORMALITY IN MY LIFE SO I AM ABLE TO DEAL WITH AND COPE IN DAY TO DAY LIFE BECAUSE OF ADHD/AUTISM!!!!! THAT IS IT!!!!! ALONG WITH THE SPINE SURGERY TO HELP ME WALK NORMAL AGAIN!!!! THAT IS IT!!!!!! IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK,???????? WHEN IVE BEEN DIAGNOSED WITH ADHD/AUTISM AND FEEL AND DEAL WITH THE SYMPTOMS EVERY DAY OF MY LIFE AND FEEL BECAUSE OF NOT BEING OFFERED THE MEDICATION AND MISUSING CANNABIS IVE HELD MYSELF BACK IN LIFE BEING DIFFERENT INSIDE MY HEAD!

Author: Klaudia W
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This practice it’s absolutely a joke ! Receptionist think they know more than the dr. Phoned to booked an appointment and told me they have no appointments and if I need to be seen urgently I have phone in Monday. Joke joke joke

Author: Iain Macpherson
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was able to get an appointment to see a Doctor fairly quickly (although it has been difficult to get appointments recently). Plenty of parking in the car park including a few disabled spaces. Only a short walk into the building. The entrance is wheelchair accessible with electronic doors. Accessible toilets in the building. The staff at the reception desk were welcoming and friendly. A pleasant consultation with the Doctor and hopefully a successful resolution to my ailment.

Author: Lesley Martin
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Doctors are great, unfortunately some receptionists let them down. More than once, on phone and face to face, the attitude they have towards patients issues is appalling

Author: tracy Adams
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
tracy Adams7 reviews · 15 photos4 years ago

Author: Tommy Murdoch
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great practice everyone is so helpful

Author: Bob Balmer
Date: 8 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
GREAT PRACTICE

Author: IAIN MORGAN
Date: 8 years ago
Rating: 1 star
most unhelpful staff, poor attitude to genuinely assisting people, receptionist and practice manager disgraceful attitude

Author: Andrew Wrethman
Date: 9 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Andrew WrethmanLocal Guide · 22 reviews · 45 photos9 years ago
