Practice: THE GREENLAW PRACTICE
Canonical code: S87541
Postcode: PA3 4AD
Google Maps title: Greenlaw Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Greenlaw+Practice/@55.8485511,-4.4248733,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHE+GREENLAW+PRACTICE+PA3+4AD!3m8!1s0x488849312b0afc6d:0xce83a7913773dfcd!8m2!3d55.8485511!4d-4.4201097!9m1!1b1!15sCh1USEUgR1JFRU5MQVcgUFJBQ1RJQ0UgUEEzIDRBRFofIh10aGUgZ3JlZW5sYXcgcHJhY3RpY2UgcGEzIDRhZJIBBmRvY3RvcpoBI0NoWkRTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VObFp6VkllR1JSRUFF4AEA-gEFCIoBEEQ!16s%2Fg%2F11bzsy33mp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S87541-the-greenlaw-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Robert Bowles
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been in this practice probably for 30 years. There is now no real health care. It is a nightmare to make a phone appointment. When you do get to see a doctor they deal with any symptoms you have and that's it. No follow ups. They used to offer an over fifties annual health check. They no longer do this, you have make a GP appointment. Other NHS practices contact their patients every year to offer this. I know someone whose life was probably saved by this service, fortunately she was not with this practice. The website is terrible, no links to good healthcare advice. They do not always send prescriptions to the pharmacy. When they do, they send them by car! It takes days for the prescription to travel less than half a mile! Incredibly polluting! There is no pedestrian access from the main roads unless you climb the wall, risking a broken ankle or worse. When I first joined it was a good practice, Dr.Dolan was great.

Author: Francesca K
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you have a health problem and go to your GP practice to see a doctor, last thing you want is someone looking at you as if you are a 5years old wining about a silly thing, then dismissing you with suggestion to take high dose of pain killers. If you don't want to waste time, avoid this practice.

Author: Amanda Heather
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can honestly say Dr Began is the best doctor I’ve ever had. She’s friendly, compassionate, and always takes the time to listen and take what I say seriously, even if I'm pushing my "knowledge" from the University of Google. I feel truly heard and cared for every time I see her, and I trust her completely with my health. I genuinely hope she’s my doctor for many years to come!

Author: naterlin natka
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best Practice and doctors in the world!!!! I can recommend!!! They are amazing !!

Author: Soph R
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment with Mr Turner today and this was the first time I felt like a GP truly listened to my issues. He did not try to rush the appointment and asked a lot of questions to understand and help me. In general, I never had a bad experience at Greenlaw, so I can only recommend the practice!

Author: Jim Baillie
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Appears that there is a disconnect between hospital and the GP practice. I’ve been chasing up results from a biopsy I had two days before Xmas 2024, after numerous calls I eventually received a letter with results, my letter arrived on the 8th April the doctors received the same letter on the 23rd of March and didn’t bother to inform me that I required further treatment following the biopsy. Luckily it’s not life threatening but is pre cancerous, appears you have to do your own follow up calls.

Author: Isobel Boyle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Isobel Boyle9 reviewsa year ago

Author: MASTER JOHN THOMAS SNR
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst practice I have ever experienced, after 15 years being on the same medication every year I decided to go to see my doctor (it was another stand in doctor) I complained about my sleeping pills had dropped down from 7.5mg to3.7:5mg, he informed me that my medication was being stopped because they aren’t good for you, how can that be after 15yrs taking the pill religiously every day. I wouldn’t have minded but I walked a good distance to & through in torrential rain 4 times to the doctors and was soaked through. I said to him “are you a doctor” he replied that he was so I said well I am the patient and you are supposed to listen to me and act on my illness simple leave my medication alone I get on fine with it and don’t need any doctor tweeting it. After that I didn’t get a word in. Why does every doctor I see at the Greenlaw practice feel like Jesus & he or she is going to cure me when clearly they are all just playing ping pong with me and my medication. This should be stopped as soon as another doctor decides to alter youre medication it undermines the previous doctors thoughts and good work. It’s a disgrace the practice so leave me & my medication alone

Author: john deans
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff all all friendly&willing to help

Author: Sable Plays
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Physically can’t get a appointment been waiting weeks to try and make one
