Practice: THE KELBURN PRACTICE
Canonical code: S87521
Postcode: PA3 4AD
Google Maps title: Kelburn Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 24
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kelburn+Practice/@55.8485248,-4.4221788,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x488849312b0afc6d:0x7e0920b3e07b0ffe!8m2!3d55.8485218!4d-4.4195985!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxqc6k7h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S87521-the-kelburn-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Scott “Journeyman”
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with surgery for under 1 year and I had the most efficient, friendly,educational and professional experience with Sister Brines (practice nurse). Thank you.

Author: P Bull
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking service. Receptionst all have an attitude problem for the past 20 years. Always have and always will. Depressed with there jobs. Doctors don’t really take you seriously unless your dying even at that they don’t care

Author: Sajid Rasheed
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wouldn’t even give one star, Janet the receptionist is very unhelpful and unbothered to check anything

Author: Jacqueline Kir
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Jacqueline Kir8 months ago

Author: Conor Murray
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Almost impossible to get an appointment unless you’re sitting with your finger on the call button at 8:30am, which when you work 5 days a week can be a nightmare. Rude and abrupt staff who offer no help and Infact speak to you like you are stupid. Tired to explain the situation to which the member of staff (not an actual doctor) was rude and then proceeded to hang up the phone. Been this way for years and it’s no wonder why people don’t bother with their health and hospital waiting times are so long when you receive no help. The staff are supposed to be “highly trained” however offer no assistance and speak to you like muck. Would recommend a different practice.

Author: Jett Fuel
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr. Galloway isn't shy to roll up her sleeves and use her practical skills like a proper "old school" doctor. Treatment rather than prescription. Months of agony and prescriptions solved in one visit. The best 👌 …

Author: Lisa Hewitson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been with this practice for nearly 20 years and the doctors have been nothing but excellent. Yes there have been the odd hiccup with medications however reception staff have been quick to fix. I would recommend this practice to anyone.

Author: Ian Menzies
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good doctors,Great nurse Chloe,lovely caring girl.

Author: Barbara Markie
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I have supposed to be reviewed every 4 weeks to take me off my medication , I went through a brain procedure when I was on 11 tablets plus botox for my condition which is a rare brain disease. I got taken of 3 pills one at a time with the surgery I was originally at ( I was there since birth and all through my mother's pregnancy) I was seeing the same doctor every 4 weeks and he had to learn about my condition as he had never heard of it , as its so rare ( much rarer than celeine Dions condition) it took 4 years to finaly be diagnosed and over 2 years to cut through red tape for my procedure to get the go ahead As it was pioneering treatment for my condition ,after 2 years of doing well my doctor retired and the other doctor at my surgery , st james Street medical centre left to look after her family and the surgery was closed down , I was put on to Northcroft surgery and when I phoned for a emergency appointment as none of my prescription was delivered to the chemist and I was told " SORRY NO EMERGENCY APPOINTMENTS LEFT FOR TODAY BUT YOU CAN MAKE A ROUTINE APPOINTMENT 3 WEEKS IN ADVANCE " it took 2 years to get an introduction appointment with a doctor who never told me her name , she took my blood pressure height and weight, and said oh your going through the menopause and gave me a pill that the other doctor had weaned me off , she didn't know how to pronounce my disease let alone spell it ( I don't think she has ever heard of it ) my pharmacist had to call one day and drive to the surgery to pick up my prescription as they are all controlled drugs, I don't take the pills she gave me for the menopause as the menopause no longer bothers me and nowhere in the research I've done does it say helps menopausal woman , every time I phone up for a consultation with her I'm told they are busy , there is only an hour window for an emergency appointment, 2 weeks ago I lost my balance and fell and smashed my head in and had to have stitches ( ballance issues is part of my condition so is speech and spasms and highly lightly of a stroke ) my face is black and blue from forehead to my jaws , I was told to phone the surgery to have my stitches removed and results of my blood pressure , I was told doctor or nurse was not available and next available date would be 4 working days to see the nurse , my sister who is a charge nurse removed them and said to me your brow bone is fractured and your would hasn't been stitched up properly , she used stuff to glue it together once she got the bleeding to stop , this week my prescription is late again , I last seen a GP for a proper appointment 3 months before lockdown, and 1 introductory appointment about 2 years ago , The receptionist is very abrupt and cheeky I wish I knew how to record her on my phone , the 2 consultants I was seeing at the hospital have retired last year so now I only see the nurse every 4 months at the hospital , she doesn't hear anything from the Northcott surgery , whereas if my last doctor had any concerns he would contact the hospital , now all I can say my experience with the surgery is the worse service I've ever had in all my life even when I call for a prescription that has been late , I go round in circles with an automated machine for Iver 40 mins before the medical receptionist has got to ask me how to spell my pills , I know they go through a college course to be a medical receptionist, so they obviously know or should know how to spell my pills , I've given up phoning them , I also have a medical background as a personal trainer in fitness ,and athletics I had to learn How to spell and read muscles and bones in Latin and I found that hard as I'm dyslexic I think the receptionist should read my records instead of asking me in a public area , the last time she asked what was wrong with me then asked my name address and date of birth , anyone behind me could steal my identity at my old surgery I was only asked for my name postcode and number and my files were ready for the doctor to see

Author: mary irvine
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Best care you would ask for
