Practice: GLENBURN MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S87517
Postcode: PA2 8DX
Google Maps title: Glenburn Health Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Glenburn+Health+Centre/@55.8233379,-4.4342183,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4888496df511ac55:0xdee592d4c1a7e2bc!8m2!3d55.8233349!4d-4.431638!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3vfm42?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S87517-glenburn-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Allan Lawson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception staff prepared to go above and beyond. So helpful. I didn’t know one of my medications I needed as hadn’t had it for ages. Rather than fob off, they all helped to try and work out what it was. I explained what it was for and the then went and got a pharmacist to assess and get me the correct medication request. Outstanding service

Author: Reece Cree
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reece Cree4 months ago

Author: Kirsty Kennedy
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors can be decent if they are there longer than one day, the permanent ones unfortunately get stick for the others, however, the reception staff are very rude, have no phone etiquette and the minute u ask them questions they don’t know just hang up rather than have a conversation to resolve matters. Honestly, would avoid.

Author: Justin Given
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Justin Given3 reviews9 months ago

Author: Nick Baxter
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are aleays great, helpful and friendly. Never an issue getting repeat prescriptions. Do a fantastic job considering the amount of demand for the service.

Author: Ann James
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Ann James3 reviews · 1 photo11 months ago

Author: Daniel
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Patient died last year and they can't fill out the report for the insurance because they ,,focus,, on patient. It's been 6 months already and they told me just now they can not give me a timeframe! How ridiculous. Shame on you

Author: Marc Padbury
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Waited all day on phone call from GP, said they phoned twice but my phone never rang and when I phoned to chase up the appt, they said I'd need to phone back in the morning, no face to face appointments and supposedly a Dr can't spare two mins to phone back when they clearly didn't even try 🤷🏻‍♂️ …

Author: John Adams
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Rang them Thursday afternoon, took 12 attempts to get the phone answered. Rang the surgery yesterday. As usual, took many attempts to get the phone call answered. 181 to be exact. Engaged 1777 times, rang out until disconnected 3 times, got through on the 181st attempt. Receptionist informed me no appointments available for that day, call back Monday. How??? Can't get through on phone!!! I explained my family history with cancer and I just wanted a referral letter to see if I have cancer or not. My understanding is that if you have this condition and catch it early on, you may just survive. It appears this surgery doesn't care if that happens or not as I cannot get through to get an appointment. I was eventually called by a manager who then arranged a telephone appointment for Monday. Strange way of doing business...allowing your customers to suffer physically and mentally with the lack of intevention possibly resulting that customer passing away.

Author: Martin “Schemestar” Henderson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Not only do the staff change behind the desk a lot, the doctors have done for almost a year. When you’re dealing with mental or physical health, I don’t want a new doctor telling me he “knows” who I am and take full control after meeting me twice, the second time he laughed for some reason. You’re a doctor, the manners is outrageous. I try to be civil, sometimes it gets to me and it does annoy me. I apologised to a girl that was behind the desk as I felt bad but the doctor made it so confusing. However, over the past couple of months things seem to have changed. Once again, doctors have changed. I was warned about if I didn't like my doctor, I was to change surgery. It’s your right to be able to change doctors(words from a lawyer) as it was bothering me. Now I just keep them happy. I do like the staff behind the desk but they need to sort the doctor thing out as it’s too much. 3 doctors left within the space of a couple of months around a year ago and I’ve never heard of that. After that they just keep on changing.
