Practice: CLYDEVIEW MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: S87700
Postcode: PA4 8RU
Google Maps title: Clydeview Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 65
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clydeview+Medical+Practice/@55.8814665,-4.3867721,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48884f1635e2d4b7:0x9b8fb66b192ff717!4m8!3m7!1s0x48884f1635a19fdf:0xd5223e884db2d6bc!8m2!3d55.8814635!4d-4.3841918!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1t_wny96?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/S87700-clydeview-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: hayley mccready
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst telephone and online system EVER! God help you if you were seriously ill and in need of an actual doctor.

Author: gavin reynolds
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
gavin reynolds2 reviewsa month ago

Author: Scott Dundas Mcnab
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why is it impossible to make an appointment, I’ve never experienced anything like it, lived in London for 20 years, never had a problem but this surgery, emergency’s only, staff shortages or closed for staff training, I will be looking for somewhere else

Author: Liam McGrady
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Once you get a Doctor, they are great. The main problem is you can't access the doctors. You phone and they tell you to go to the website then hangs up. The Website has been down for days. So you phone again and maybe, just maybe, get in a queue which has more than 10 people waiting, so why not go to the website. If you sit long enough (whilst being charged for the call no doubt) you will maybe get through to someone BUT who has a hour or so to do this? I should be working.

Author: Billy
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Billy4 months ago

Author: Chris Ashford
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke of a surgery, no matter what time you try and use the online service its ALWAYS closed for emergencies. You then try and call the surgery to be told the same thing by staff and they won't entertain you. Trying to even get a phone consultation seems to be impossible. Never experienced this with any GP surgery.

Author: Will Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been at a previous surgery for 50 years and since moving to this one I’ve not really needed anything. Making an appointment was made really easy with the help of the great receptionists, they physically showed me what to do and took the time to explain it in detail. Went home, completed the online form, within 2 hours had all the details of appointment etc. I’m so impressed by the way it works, I’m not a big IT fan, but this process eliminated the stress of consistent calls to get an appointment, the system works great, more surgeries should adopt it. 🙏🏻

Author: Em Taylor
Date: Edited 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
When I moved to Renfrew I filled out the new patient form. I stapled my repeat prescriptions to the form and the receptionist said that was great. I had to meet to pharmacy tech as govt guidance had recently changed re one of my meds (fair). She promised to make sure all my meds were put on my repeats. Since then getting prescriptions has been a nightmare. Ask for something, it's like you're a junkie asking for methodone. I only wanted omeprazole and an antihistamine. You nominate a chemist, it never gets sent there. I keep running out of meds and I have 3 chronic health conditions. Thank god for the staff at Boots (both of them). I've yet to see appointment booking active. It's always on emergency only. Maybe it's my cookies or something. Half an hour wait to speak to someone on the phone. Explained to the doctor on the phone I needed capsules for one medicineas I choke on the tablets so she prescribed tablets. I have to go in to ask for a prescription now. You can't give 0 stars so 1 star is equivalent of 0 stars. They get a star for the fact the staff are nice and polite under trying conditions. I really do think it's not them that's at fault. God knows what it is but they seem competent. Edit: So I'm improving my rating. Had to actually go and see a doctor. Saw Doctor Black I think. Young guy (well everyone's young when you're in your 50s). Got excellent treatment. Lovely manner and he explained everything. Then shipped me off to the QEUH. Honestly, if I'd not had such a hard time sorting out my meds, Dr Black would've got them a 5 star.

Author: Anja Stl
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Really caring and knowledgeable doctors and nurses. Helpful receptionists. Can’t say a bad word.

Author: Michael Leonard
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A shame there’s no 0 stars. The practice lacks professionalism. Staff are very rude, worst of all, Dr Al Najim; and lack common sense - using default answers. Look up complaints against Najim. This is not an NHS practice (as discovered when complaining to highest level) it’s a contracted practice.
