Practice: QUEENSFERRY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: W91051
Postcode: CH5 1SY
Google Maps title: Queensferry Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 76
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Queensferry+Medical+Practice/@53.2069033,-3.0270664,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487adb1c20ec5725:0x81a2f782dcf08e11!8m2!3d53.2069001!4d-3.0244861!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcxp639?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W91051-queensferry-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Jones
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Yeah receptionist does not know how to talk to people properly

Author: Austen Ivy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
It is difficult to get an appointment yes, but you do usually get one if you call persistently. I’ve seen multiple doctors and nurses from this practice over the past 2 years and each one has been fantastic. Thank you for all you do.

Author: Munthai Gaming
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Went there friday at 8:30to book appointment they told me sorry only emergencies call us on monday called them tuesday they told me the same only emergencies try to call us on Friday got the same answer its like ring around the roses

Author: Father & Son
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They have gone to shit. Appointments not easily accessible and are not willing to help

Author: Barbara Lubik
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst in the area. The inability to make a visit. The lady at the reception says the same thing. Come tomorrow only in case of emergency. It's a misunderstanding not to go to the GP appointment.

Author: Faye Taylor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Unfortunately I called yesterday to make an appointment as I have chronic asthma and a bad chest which was causing me to struggle to breath. All I was asked was about my chest infection and how this isn’t classed as a medical emergency and the chemist can treat me for this. I was not asked about my breathing and how severe it was. Unfortunately I was severely out of breath and needed seeing and treating immediately. I was booked in for a later date with an asthma nurse and told that I had an inhaler to collect from the chemist later that day. I then called the chemist as told to be treated, to be told to wait to see if it “gets worse as I may not need treating and my body will fight it off” and that I’m not being fobbed off or to leave it up to me to what I think if I need to be seen. I am not a pharmacist or a GP and In all honest it made me uncomfortable and not what to be seen out of embarrassment. I have a low immune system that does not do well at fighting illness, and again I was in no way questioned about this or how much air I was managing to get in to my airways. I spoke to 111 for advice and they said it would be important to be seen by a GP or a medial professional even A&E due to how out of breath I was. unfortunately I did not want to go to a&e as I didn’t feel that was necessary,but I did manage to find another GP and pharmacy who could help someone who prescribed me oral steroids to help boost my immune to fight it off. When I went back to the chemist to collect the inhaler I was told it wasn’t there, so then I travelled to the gp to then be told my the receptionist after travelling all the way back up to see the chemist it would be signed today and picked up tomorrow instead. I felt that the receptionist in the gp did not listen or ask the necessary questions to ask someone who is a chronic asthmatic and could not string a full sentence together properly due to how out off breath I was. I felt the pharmacist couldn’t decide if I wasn’t ill enough to be seen on the phone or then I was too ill and out of there standards to treat due to how bad my chest was, this was once I’d gone in person to collect the inhalers previously mentioned that were not there!! Never have a I felt I had faced more negligence or been messed around so much from place to place all in one day while poorly and struggling for oxygen.

Author: Madalina Ionescu
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Madalina Ionescu8 months ago

Author: Mirabella McGarry
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good excellent service from a lovely young lady Margherita very adviceable and kind and also supportive would recommend her to anyone

Author: iram azhar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute jokes with no care whatsoever. My few month baby is having fits after vaccination and recepcionist instead of giving appointment to be seen by doctor sending us to A&E. Why is this GP open if we have to wait several hours in A&E to get checked by medical professionals.

Author: Francesca Hanslip
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
We have been using this practice for just over a year and I can honestly say they are outstanding.
