Practice: HEALTHY PRESTATYN
Canonical code: W91009
Postcode: LL19 9LG
Google Maps title: Healthy Prestatyn Iach Ty Nant
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 165
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Healthy+Prestatyn+Iach+Ty+Nant/@53.334499,-3.4052308,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48652a1ab577f437:0x409b0ac71d6a5b57!8m2!3d53.3344958!4d-3.4026505!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcwfd6r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.4
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W91009-healthy-prestatyn.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tracy Cartwright
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
no experience worst place ever

Author: Daniel Barratt
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can only speak as I find but as I have moved from another GP surgery, Healthy Prestatyn have been fantastic. Since joining I have seen a Physio, 2 GP appointments in person and a telephone consultation. They have done everything they said they would and quickly keeping me updated with texts and in the NHS app. The 3 GPs and the Physio I have dealt with (This is within 3 weeks) spoke to me like a human being and listened to me. I know the NHS is under huge pressure at the minute but I really feel that care and effort has been taken and they are really doing their best here. Reception were also friendly and helpful. Keep up the great work and thanks for all your support.

Author: Julie Lewis
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service received today. Thank you

Author: Joshua Denson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionists are rude and will hang up on you. Should be ashamed.

Author: Lea Jackson
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors surgery is shocking not all but some of the staff have really bad attitudes I understand and get that they are busy but this surgery has for worse I have been with this surgery for years and watched it get worse and worse I have had lots of problems with them from not being able to get appointments or medication problems this surgery is why a&e is so busy and u have to wait hours to be seen. Send a online form they say but the online form is closed by 9am it's a joke of a service

Author: Kim Brelsford
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My wife saw a physiotherapist named Zac, today. Very caring and helpful. Really knows his stuff, didn't fob her off. He took an interest, and treated her like a human being not a number.

Author: Jordan
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Sad excuse for a doctors surgery, I was turned away multiple times after trying to see a doctor , eventually I went into the surgery and they agreed to let me see a doctor who was absolutely useless asked me a few questions and prescribed me some painkillers , I was suffering with sore chest and was unable to breath properly , you would have thought would have atleast checked my breathing but the whole time it was a job to even get eye contact from him , after 2 weeks i returned in agony to be refused to be seen again , I had to kick off while struggling to breath for them to even consider allowing me to see a doctor again , luckily I managed to survive 2 weeks with a collapsed lung pressing on my heart which could have been spotted way earlier if they actually took patients seriously , now I'm having the same issues with getting them to make an appointment for my kids , how they close appointment booking by 9am and still have the receptionists looking busy throughout the day baffles me , who are they busy for ? never any patients in the surgery to be looking that busy 🤔 I will say after I did get seen eventually by another doctor he was very good and kept in contact with me , but unfortunately the way this surgery is run is extremely poor and spoils my faith in any good doctors that work here

Author: dlsoz rasul
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
very bad service It should be many days waiting until you take call they say call back tomorrow or fill the link to book the appointment !!! why just 8 or 8:30 worst health care system in whole the UK . what's the hel may l should be waiting for months and years until I will see the doctor, if happen bad situation my problems sickness whos take a response to that!? ... and also the Doctors in whole the UK many GPs not clever no skills no experience l hope will be better in the service system health care all parts of the health.

Author: Jacz Wright
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Tried to get an appointment for myself, ring on monday at 8... Nobody available to take calls eventually i decided to try later. Later i was told to ring at 8am AGAIN. STILL NO APPOINTMENTS Chairs still sticky from covid posters, rude receptionists who are responsible for my dad's death as they refused to send medical attention because it was his daughter asking not his dead wife!!!

Author: Emma Maxwell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless. Don't listen, don't care, don't know what they are doing past the simple stuff. Recommendations by the hospital were ignored as the surgery didn't agree.
