Practice: ROSENEATH MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: W91018
Postcode: CH7 3PG
Google Maps title: Roseneath Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 11
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Roseneath+Medical+Practice/@53.1698905,-3.0855808,16z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sROSENEATH+MEDICAL+PRACTICE+CH7+3PG!3m8!1s0x487acfff334a59ff:0xcbb8e081e96269c1!8m2!3d53.1729449!4d-3.0800078!9m1!1b1!15sCiJST1NFTkVBVEggTUVESUNBTCBQUkFDVElDRSBDSDcgM1BHkgEObWVkaWNhbF9jbGluaWPgAQA!16s%2Fg%2F11txhc6nlp?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W91018-roseneath-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rebecca J
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 star I would. Several Dr's in this practice left me having anaphylactic reactions for over 12 month without even a referal to an immunologist. I was told several times I was just anxious and wouldn't prescribe an epi pen, stating it was 'inappropriate'. This left me even unwilling to go to hospital for fear of not being believed. Once I moved out of the area and started going to a competent GP practice I realised just how negligent they were. In less than 6 months they investigated what was happening, diagnosed me with a rare mast cell disorder that causes idiopathic anaphylactic reactions and I'm seeing an immunologist almost regularly. I was immediately prescribed 2 epi pens. The treatment I recieved from Rhoseneath medical practice was absolutely disgusting. Egos were left unchecked and negligence was the outcome. I'm considering legal advice so this never happens to anyone else.

Author: Ren Collier
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No duty of care to it's patients, absolutely shocking 'service' and I use that term loosely. As a carer I dread trying to get any support from this practice. They do not read econsults correctly therefore prolonging a patient getting treated within a timely manner.

Author: Joyce Pring
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
There seems to be a lack of cohesive working and communication. For example the doctor writes a note for you to give to the receptionist requesting an urgent appointment with the diabetic nurse - "that's not the way it works" says the receptionist "patients have to be triaged first by a health care assistant and the earliest appointment for this is in two weeks time". 🙄

Author: Debbie Jones
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
After having a bad experience before having a smear test I finally went today and the nurse who seen me was fantastic so sian thank u so much for making me feel ok about it hope u have a great day

Author: Chris Fraser
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr parsonage thankyou so much for your help and the way youv always cared for me Best dr ever

Author: Roza Rose
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely dreadful experience with them. Medical negligence isn't enough to say.

Author: Christopher
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
econsult Thursday.... Expected phone call by 6.30 nothing....Still wait6

Author: Catrin Edwards
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Contacted the surgery regarding my son via econsult, received an appointment 20 minutes later, then a follow up x-ray the day after. I really can't fault the surgery, GP's, receptionists and all staff involved.

Author: Niroshini Croos
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Niroshini Croosa year ago

Author: Louise Simons
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely dreadful experience here time and time again. The manager is rude and patronising so a waste of time speaking with her, it's no wonder a lot of staff are leaving due to this. It takes forever to get an appointment, when my partner has been given telephone appointments they've not been followed up multiple times. Took 7 weeks to get results which were there from week two and when the doctor did phone she didn't have a clue what to advise. Our address has also been changed on their system to an incorrect address which will explain why we haven't received hospital letters recently. When trying to log complaints they just don't care. Avoid here at all costs, the worst health care practice I've ever known.
