Practice: KINGS HOUSE SURGERY
Canonical code: W91622
Postcode: LL18 1LT
Google Maps title: Kings House Surgery
Google rating: 4.3
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kings+House+Surgery/@53.3180022,-3.496455,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4865284004503e51:0xaa4113ab30c9268c!8m2!3d53.317999!4d-3.4938747!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc8gfmhz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W91622-kings-house-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Daniel Jagger
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
The best surgery 8ve been to in years, if they say they're gonna do something they are on it straight away, they're like the cuprinol of doctors surgeries A++++++++

Author: Georgia Hall
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Took my mother to the practise and was greeted by someone with green and pink hair who was very loud and wearing a vest top and very short skirt. Spent the morning begging for an appointment for my mum. Sat in waiting room and patients are coming in shouting at the reception desk that they ‘do not want to be seen by the black doctor’ while the receptionist just said okay and made out the racist comment was normal. Everyone in the place is running around like headless chickens, everyone on reception looks miserable then on top of that you try to contact a manager to be told she’s at a meeting every day. Very poor service, and very poor management. You’ll be dead before you bet an appointment

Author: theresonlyonemissmason
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery, we have been with quarry house/kings for a number of years now, but recently due to my son having a health issue, we have used them a lot more, always friendly on the phone and have sorted what I need straight away, always been seen quickly if needed too

Author: # Slavov
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I honestly can’t thank Dr. Arora and the whole team at Kings House enough. Dr. Arora is such a kind and caring GP – he really listens and always takes the time to make sure you feel supported. The nurses and therapists are brilliant, always so professional, friendly, and compassionate, which makes every visit so much easier. The reception team and manager are also fantastic – always respectful, helpful, and welcoming. You really feel like you’re in safe hands with everyone here. Thank you all for the amazing work you do every day, it really makes such a difference!

Author: Jonathan Vaux
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Aurora and his team are fantastic. Always willing to help, cheerful and attentive. Thank you all for everything you have done for me.

Author: Broomstick Betty
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
With sadness, I write this, after 15 years of being a patient, I've moved drs. Dr aurora has dismissed me 1 too many times. I have multiple issues that no matter how many appointments I make, I never get referred. Never get any check ups to see how I am ect. I get it's busy, but how the dr and nurses have responded to my issues is like they don't care. I really struggle to ask for help and getting knocked back when at the drs just reinforces this within me. He's had issues with my mother, and I feel like he started to treat me like this due to her. I hope he reads this, I used to trust him and think he was a great dr. Now I feel like I can't talk to him about what I need. Hence moving drs.

Author: Ali W
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to Kings House last year from a Prestatyn surgery and I just wish I’d have done it sooner! The difference is like night and day. Every time I’ve phoned, I’ve been seen the same day by amazing professionals, be that the doctor or one of the nurses, but it’s always been appropriate for my concern. I couldn’t believe I could get an appointment so easily without having to literally fight for it. Thank you Dr Arora and team for restoring my faith in primary care and supporting me through a very rough year!

Author: Jac Hunter
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
It's hard to get an appointment. There have been some great staff here but appear to not always be there like Sarah and Lisa. Can't work out if the main Dr is stressed or just doesn't listen but I don't feel he takes the time to get to know his patients.
Practice response date: a year ago
Practice response:
Good morning jac, we take all feedback very seriously I have checked our records and don’t seem to have you as a registered patients at our practices,we also have never had a staff member called Lisa working here do you think you are reviewing the correct GP surgery.please do let us know if there is anything else we can help you with. Regards Kings House Surgery

Author: The Nash care home
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Arora has always been very proactive and professional, he is always very supportive of all our service users. During the pandemic times, he always kept in close contact with us, to ensure we were well supported by him and his staff team. His staff are all very helpful and always make sure they return calls and follow up any queries promptly. Thank you Dr Arora and Kings House Surgery Staff, for all you do . From Margaret and The Nash Care home.

Author: Medi Balagtas
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Medi Balagtas1 reviewa year ago
