Practice: MEDDYGFA PADARN SURGERY
Canonical code: W92024
Postcode: SY23 3DU
Google Maps title: Padarn Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 165
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Padarn+Surgery/@52.41768,-4.0712951,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486f7654624e3531:0xf6b9faf11e957154!8m2!3d52.4176768!4d-4.0687148!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F12hljqxbn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W92024-meddygfa-padarn-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Roy Brown
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've had a long-lasting medical condition for the past three years and so have needed regular prescriptions. I've never had a problem with getting these on time. Communication with Dr Zeber has been by phone, apart from at the very start of the illness, which works o.k. and obviously saves the doctors a lot of time so they can see patients who really need to be there in person. I've always found the reception staff to be polite and nice people doing a difficult job, and also likewise with the nurses I've met there.

Author: Kosh (Red kite)
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Had a bad experience with a doctor

Author: Rhiana Johnson
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
I've been registered with this GP for 1.5 years now and feel that I should give my unbiased view on this surgery. I know that there's a lot of negative reviews, and there are definetely issues, but it's harmful to say outright that you should never join this gp. if you're a student moving to Wales then you need to be prepared that it could take at least a month if not more for your records to get transferred, I'm not sure if this is specifically a problem just with Padarn Surgery or not. As a result, I went a month without pain medication, the surgery was not sympathetic at all with my situation and I feel that I could've been much more supportive. Also, I've been referred to several lists and heard next to nothing from them, the surgery either tries to gaslit me into saying that I have spoken to someone and had it resolved or just forgets about it all together. Several other people I know have had the same issue. So if you have ongoing health conditions I recommend going elsewhere, even if this GP is closer. I have had several blood tests, which have been mostly positive, except from when the surgery switched my blood appointment to a student without my permission, which I'd usually be fine with for anything but blood appointments. The nurses though are lovely, and are probably the only reason that I've actually stayed at the surgery. Some of the receptionists are lovely but I remember last year being snapped at because I was having trouble hearing her, which was incredibly frustrating and unprofessional. Some of the doctors are helpful, but I had requested a test once for a condition I have a family history with, and was told there wasn't a test for it when I know there is (I was scheduled to have one prior to lockdown), which was frustrating. But some doctors have made progress with the diagnosis of my condition and prescribing medication that my previous GP was too lazy and ignorant to care about. The NHS Wales app is useless, I can't see any medical appointments listed or be able to order my prescriptions. And the online referral service is ridiculous! It takes you about 10 minutes to get past all the emergency questions, which sort of defeats the purpose of it being urgent, just for it to be a badly formatted questionare. And the doctors are incredibly bad at communicating through this, I ran out of pain medication again, and was waiting days for a response, but the doctor had issued my medication, just didn't care to tell me, which was so unavoidable. Overall, if you don't have an ongoing condition then I'd say this surgery is fine, but if you do and are capable of travelling a bit further then instead go somewhere in town

Author: Joseph Thomas
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst surgery, by far in Aberystwyth. Indifferent reception and admin team. The gatekeepers there will do everything to not give out an appointment. They don't understand that patient care is the primary reason why they are there. No flexibility. Hope the practice improves. Avoid if you can.

Author: Chloe Kennedy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Couldn’t fault the service. Even though the receptionists are rushed off their feet, I have always felt listened to. Couldn’t recommend enough

Author: s pearson
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m shocked at how harsh these reviews are! Always had a lovely interaction with all the staff at the surgery including the GP’s. If you speak to them with kindness, they will reciprocate it.

Author: Teddy Doherty
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been registered with many GPs and have family members in the NHS and have never experienced the lack of care and apathy that I have at Padarn, I’ve had multiple GPs leave the surgery and as a result have had avenues of care terminated without my awareness, I’ve been told to await phone calls that have never materialised, I’ve had repeat prescriptions made null and had the consistency of my medication disrupted many times as a result. As a uni student I thought having a surgery near my home would be beneficial especially as someone who struggles with mental health problems however I can confidently say that my wellness and recovery has been repeatedly obstructed or straight up ruined by this surgery and its inability to comprehend clear kind and empathetic communication with patients suffering who genuinly just want care and recovery. Hugely disappointing. Really wish I didn’t have to say any of this but I’m now concerned about more at-risk patients who may not have a support network and may actually be victimised by such inefficient service, I do believe it to be potentially dangerous.

Author: alexis
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
IF YOU ARE MOVING TO ABERYSTWYTH (especially as a new uni student) DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES SIGN UP TO PADARN AS YOUR GP!!! it doesn’t matter if it’s “closer” as it’s only halfway down the hill as you’ll end up severely regretting it especially as it’s likely you’ll move into town in your second year anyway!! i’ve been with them for over a year and i just wish i chose ystwyth or church. if not for the amount of referrals i have with them, i would have switched ages ago. 1. transferring GPs was a NIGHTMARE and took over a month. they didn’t get ANY of my records from my previous GP and i had to manually send everything myself. they blamed it on my old GP and when i tried calling up them to fix it, they told me that padarn was actually meant to request it and get it from them when i transferred. this became massive problems when i needed referrals into different medical departments as they “didn’t have anything on record”, and when i needed to reorder my epipens as they had expired, the doctor told me they couldn’t give me a prescription for one because they “didn’t have me being severely allergic to nuts on their record/any epipens on record to prove i needed it” although i specified when i transferred i was anaphylactic?? and when i eventually moved into town it took them 2 months and constant emails and phone calls to actually change my address on my record. also, my psychiatrist wrote them a letter to arrange a blood test from them 5 months ago, and when i called up to ask why this hadn’t been done, the doctor said said “they don’t accept requests for a blood test unless the patient fills out the form themselves,” which was never communicated to me? 2. requesting a prescription from them takes forever and they lose it half of the time. most of the time it takes them 2 weeks, not the 48 hours they say they need, to accept a repeat prescription/write a new one. and this happens every month. this is not only my experience but the experience of most of my friends as well, as padarn has previously lost their prescription twice in a week which caused my friends to run out of their medication. 3. individually ripping out all the hairs on my head would be a better experience than calling up to book an appointment, which seemingly never exist in the first place? i called the moment the clock struck 8am and was already 5th in queue, just for the receptionist to tell me there were no appointments for that date but i could be offered one in three weeks time, or “call later as there may be a cancellation”? i appreciate that the surgery may be busy but i severely doubt they only have 4 appointments available? every call ive had with a receptionist has been condescending or constant arguing until eventually one of us gives. 4. the doctors themselves are incredibly condescending as well, and always sound annoyed when you ask for absolutely anything. they act as if you’re clueless to your own health and they try to tell you you’re probably exaggerating the symptoms you have, especially as a uni student as they will bring up the “stress” or “anxiety” excuse. it’s absolutely exhausting to go through the process of contacting padarn especially when you’re already ill and don’t have enough energy. there have been many times where i have been incredibly ill but it was easier to shoulder the sickness than deal with the nightmare that is padarn. please save yourselves the premature grey hairs and choose another surgery.

Author: Allaia DG
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Wow. Just wow. W O W 🫠 …

Author: ian anderson
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
THIS DOCTORS SURGERY SHOULD BE CLOSED DOWN,,,CANCELLING APPOINTMENTS AT THE LAST MINUTE ,,DOCTORS ARE VERY RUDE TO PATIENTS ESPECIALLY DR SYED ,,AND THE RECEPTION STAFF ARE VERY UN PROFESSIONAL, THEY SHOULD NOT BE ALLOWED TO WORK IN A MEDICAL ENVIRONMENT, AND WHEN YOU TELL THEM THAT YOU ARE NOT HAPPY ABOUT THE WAY THEY ARE CONDUCTING THEM SELVES DEALING WITH SICK AND ELDERLY PEOPLE,,,THEY REMOVE YOU FROM THE PANEL,,,
