Practice: MEDDYGFA PENYGROES
Canonical code: W92051
Postcode: SA14 7RP
Google Maps title: Meddygfa Penygroes Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 42
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Meddygfa+Penygroes+Surgery/@51.8035446,-4.0560518,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486efa18ac45198b:0xdbebccee793969b7!8m2!3d51.8035413!4d-4.0534715!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc489y74?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W92051-meddygfa-penygroes.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Charlotte
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reviewing from a different account as the surgery had reported my in-depth review, and it is currently in the appeal process. I am a disabled wheelchair user living in adapted housing. I'm so ill, I've been confined to bed for the last 8 years, completely housebound. For some unknown reason, the doctors decided to remove my housebound status. As a result, I could no longer access healthcare. When I called for an appointment, the GP would not see me. I ended up being rushed into hospital with sepsis, for an infection that could have been caught with antibiotics. I had to undergo emergency surgery. The doctors used this hospital stay to continue their discrimination. Apparently if I was able to be rushed to hospital, I was no longer housebound. This is completely against the NHS guidelines. I complained, and my complaint has raised many other issues. Lies, incorrect entries on my medical records, referrals not being done, and the worst one - a refusal to do a new wheelchair referral as requested by wheelchair services, because they quite literally could not be bothered to sign a form. This delay in my referral means I have been without a wheelchair since November 2024. I cannot access my kitchen, bathroom, child's bedroom, living room, etc. I received a letter last week, informing me that the doctors have decided to deregister me, because I complained about them. I have never met three of the GPs there, as I haven't been to the surgery since 2017! Their reasoning is that our relationship has broken down. There wasn't a relationship anyway, as they won't ever speak to, or see me! The real reason is because I'm housebound, and they don't want to do (very rare) housecalls. I am now in the process of taking legal action, as some of their lies and errors have been life-threatening, and I could have lost my life back in August due to their negligence. I would advise anyone who is registered with this surgery, to be very aware that they are an ableist, discriminatory group of people, and prey on the vulnerable and sick, because they think we are weak. I also encourage anyone who has had issues with the practice, to contact Llais, who are an advocacy service. They're helping me through the medical negligence/discrimination process. I have suffered so much over the last decade, and I'm no further on with tests, referrals, diagnoses and treatments than I was ten years ago. Their treatment of me has been nothing other than inhumane, and an animal would not have been left to suffer to the extent that I have. Deregistering me the week before Christmas with seven days notice, knowing that I am on essential medication and pain relief, which no doubt they will delay and blame it on Christmas, just says everything you need to know about them. They WANT me to suffer. They are deliberately causing a disabled person to suffer. Bear that in mind when you're looking for a GP to help you get better.

Author: Carwyn Owen
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Carwyn OwenLocal Guide · 100 reviews · 529 photosEdited 5 months ago

Author: Catrin Lewis
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Catrin Lewis2 reviews5 months ago

Author: Palulina Koalewska
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
You've been calling since morning to make an appointment with the doctor and the nurse says, unfortunately, maybe in September, damn it, you go to them and there are no people there...

Author: Andrew Worthington
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My partner waited 30 minutes on the phone to make an appointment only to be told that she can't make an appointment until the 18th August due to them going over to a new system ! What is the point of the NHS when you can't access it ? Awful level of service.

Author: Joyce Stergiopoulos
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The service that this doctor supplies is absolutely ridiculous, waiting and having to chase up prescriptions, for breast cancer treatment

Author: Margaret Hughes
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Margaret Hughes1 review8 months ago

Author: Oliver Jenkins
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute diabolical surgery, to be called a doctors is something else. Better off ringing a hairdresser for your needs.

Author: Martin Lewis
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Receptionists are friendly enough, but there's a high level of incompetence.

Author: Davros Mcturtle
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They just randomly hang up when you are waiting in the cue on calls, multiple times I have spent an hour calling in the morning to get through just to hear they are full for the day.
