Practice: CWMBRAN VILLAGE SURGERY
Canonical code: W93027
Postcode: NP44 3JS
Google Maps title: Cwmbran Village Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 81
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cwmbran+Village+Surgery/@51.6485066,-3.0258079,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871de025a7a5e33:0x293f333b8aaf9dd4!8m2!3d51.6485033!4d-3.0232276!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0z3hgg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W93027-cwmbran-village-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Teal Kitten
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful and horribly inconsistent experience. All you can do is keep calling and calling and asking and asking until the receptionist finally books you to see a GP. Told to either fill in a form online, or to continue ringing the surgery throughout the day until an appointment appears, despite every other route telling you to call at 9am for a GP appointment.

Author: melissa
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
genuinely so unhelpful. struggled with severe period cramp pain for 8 years, went there a year ago and was told the pill will help. nothings changed other than the fact i’m scalding myself each month to just cope with my period cramps. when i requested an urgent appointment as i can’t do daily tasks with the severity of my pain, i was told to book a routine appointment instead as if that was going to help me get around day to day life now.

Author: Nigel Hunt
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Telephone 'call back' service is excellent. Thank you.

Author: Gareth Lewis
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Very un helpful receptionists , I've been to hospital, been ringing to book a follow up to keep being told all appointments are gone . Sat her in pain and unable to go to work , how do you get get an appointment with the militarised soldiers on the the other end . Going to be another trip back to a&e

Author: Emma Mae
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor service. Very behind with technology. No email addresses for any teams. Have lost some of my medical records. Refuse to help with most things. Very bad attitudes of staff. Not helpful at all. I actively worry about my healthcare with these.

Author: Craig Franklin
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Unbelievably unhelpful system. Trying to arrange appointment or medication or just confirm previous assessments have been arranged for a vulnerable individual are proving to be impossible. Reception staff appear to be set up as a barrier between the doctor and thier patients. I would give zero stars, except the doctor has been brilliant!! I just can't speak to him. All queries directed a malfuctioning website or not updated WalesNHS app.

Author: rachel eujjrgu
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor health care service that I received. Got referred to a surgeon without a physical exam (the wait for that has been over a year ) was given medication that wasn’t strong enough for my condition and lost all faith in them . Changed doctors and satisfied already after one appointment with them . The condition has now been treated effectively with stronger cream an I believe will be better care going forward. Possibly won’t need to have a general surgery either .

Author: Jessica
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Honestly the best Doctors I have ever been registered at! Really helpful and friendly receptionists, nothing is too much trouble. Log a same day request and a prescription is ready within 45 minutes. Very reassuring when you’re feeling most vulnerable.

Author: Amylou Roden
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Beyond exasperated at this point! Tried for the past four weeks to get an appointment but yet again all gone by 9.15, yet again I’m told to call back tomorrow but my employers might have something to say about me being stuck on the phone trying to get help from 9.00 to goodness knows when. There is a myth that routine appointments are available but I’m yet to get one. I have no choice now but to call for an emergency in the morning because my complaint has gone on long enough- thanks for absolutely nothing

Author: Martin T
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst possible service. They took over from Llanyravon Surgery snd have scaled back services there to the detriment of patients especially elderly. they have enforced rules regarding obtaining repeat prescriptions that force elderly people to travel miles out of their way. The staff are condescending and unhelpful and don't realise how bad their service oss or how foolish their rules are. when you explain obvious basic customer service they just look at you dumbfounded and clueless.
