Practice: ST. LUKE'S SURGERY
Canonical code: W93001
Postcode: NP11 5GX
Google Maps title: St Lukes Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 25
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/St+Lukes+Surgery/@51.6481433,-3.1369492,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e201beba69735:0x81fb8105716b0952!8m2!3d51.64814!4d-3.1343689!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfjvq29?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W93001-st-lukes-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ruth Warwick-Birkett
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Honest to God if I could give this surgery no stars I would because thats what they deserve. The day the last 2 decent Dr's retired from this surgery was the day it started to fall into the pit of Dr's that care nothing for its patients!! These Dr's dont want patients! They want to be paid but dont want to treat patients for the payment. They are putting the publics health at risk, I dont know how people haven't died, actually, they probably have. Im ashamed to say im a patient here, well hopefully not for long. Over 15 yrs ive been at this practice and id get better service at the vets. They should be ashamed. Impossible to even get appointments for children. They just dont care! Im utterly disgusted! Minus stars! Seriously if you want more money from the government grow a backbone and petition them! Don't make your patients pay for your discontent.

Author: richard kelpy hughes
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been off my feet for almost a week, buring in my chest, sore throat, blood sugars off the scale. Got an appointment Thursday 18th December 2025 to speak to the Pharmacist, she returns my call and schedules an appointment for me to go and see her at 10am. I'm sure her name is Cath/Kath ( i was very ill) ... what an absolutely fantastic lady, thorough,helpful and very knowledgeable, after my examination, she provided a prescription for anti biotics after confirming I had achest infection, which was also added to my high blood glucose levels T1d. She also provided me with a keytone blood machine and the necessary bits...I want to say a ver big THANK YOU to her for here amazing work, help and assistance you provided. St Lukes, you really do have some fantastic staff and that really does inlcule you guys at the coal front too. Have a wonderful Christmas and New year.... Abercarn, we are very lucky to have such a wonderful service in our community ❤️ Rich.

Author: Nicola Young
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking the reception staff are rude and have no compassion they don’t let you finish what your calling for before they hang up on you

Author: Sam
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’m new to the area and this surgery have been great. I had an infection after surgery and the gp saw me within the hour, the doctor and receptionist were very kind.

Author: colin watkins
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
colin watkins8 reviews · 1 photo5 months ago

Author: Hayley Jones
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking , the staff are rude , blunt and not very accommodating every time I have rang them I just get negative responses wish I never had to leave risca surgery they were excellent , I don't think the receptionists at abercarn surgery like their jobs , if that's the case trot on and let's get people with a little bit of concern for the caller . Wouldn't recommend this surgery to anyone

Author: Emily Hicks
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such an amazing surgery, everyone including the receptionists and pharmacists are so kind, empathetic and helpful. After years of bad experiences with doctors surgeries and then switching to this one after moving to abercarn, I’d recommend this surgery to everybody. Thank you so much for always being so caring xxx

Author: James Davies
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Went to collect a prescription that was ment to be ready by a certain time no joy. Waited half hr no one's telling whats happening ended up walking out very disorganised place.

Author: lesley kelvin-smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Practice policy of not being able to book a. Face to face with a doctor creates immense anxiety and stress. Patients or carers are unable to make travel arrangements to visit the surgery at short notice Telephone appointments have their use but for a lot of patients face to face consultations are needed and they should be able to book these appointments in advance. Suggest practice policy needs reviewing

Author: S
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always helpful there.
