Practice: CLARK AVENUE SURGERY
Canonical code: W93028
Postcode: NP44 1RY
Google Maps title: Clark Avenue Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 82
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clark+Avenue+Surgery/@51.6637986,-3.0289765,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871de6d52b2b7b3:0xbe538e18abe9b1c!8m2!3d51.6637953!4d-3.0263962!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgwm449?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W93028-clark-avenue-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gavin Ulyatt
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Good luck getting someone to answer the phone. May as well use smoke signals.

Author: Alison Wicks
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Alison WicksLocal Guide · 4 reviews2 months ago

Author: RPG Otoku
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great little surgery Unlike my previous surgery they actually listen, don't talk down to you, don't think that they are above you and are mini doctors Instead the are understanding, willing to listen to what you need, try their best to actually help you and if they can't point you in the direction of the website that allows you to book appointments The doctors try their best for you and regardless of what you tell them either give you advice to fix it, send requests to hospital departments, provide you medication or just listens Unlike previous surgeries who give you a 10 to 15 minutes slot and then say that "you" need to do the leg work I was very hesitant about coming over to another surgery as I hated my old one but thought they were the same, also my medication is controlled and I didn't want to explain it all again They just picked it up, listened to my concerns and fixed it all in my initial conversation

Author: Caroline
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Disappointing. Some doctors seem to follow guidelines too rigidly rather than applying clinical judgment, which can compromise patient safety and lead to unnecessary use of specialist resources.

Author: Andy Allen
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
I don't know whether its the weight of people using this surgery but the attention to care has dropped....its funny because you don't notice it until it affects you...I have been registered here since I was 5 years old 53 years....never complained...To leave me unmedicated over a whole weekend is un excuseable....Shame on you.

Author: gay 666
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Left this surgery had 3 doctors out in 6 weeks to my mother. One 4 days before she was admitted to hospital, not one off them picked up heart failure, sadly my mum passed away from heart failure

Author: Summer Sum (SK)
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Since joining this surgery I have nothing but good words to say about them. Always polite, always helpful and everyone takes your concerns seriously. I have never felt dismissed and usually their appointment waiting time is appropriate. I can always get an appointment when needed urgently. This is a great practice. It’s clean and the building is in a good condition, the staff have good infection control measures too. I have moved house so no longer able to stay at this surgery as they don’t cover my new area. I am not impressed with that, but other than that they’re great!

Author: Lauren West
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This surgery is by far the best in Cwmbran! Unfortunately it is not the practices fault, but the Government's and the whole COVID pandemic that has put our GP's under so much strain and it makes it harder for them to see patients. It was easier when we were able to see GP's but then the pandemic hit. Sadly some of the best GP's are leaving their roles.....and the GP's and Nurses need some recognition for all the hard work they put in. Dr Carnell in particular has been phenomenal and is always fully booked up rapidly as I am sure the other senior GP's are. You'll never get better than Clark Avenue in Cwmbran. Other surgeries have merged and that is where disaster has stricken.....surely there comes a point though when Clark Avenue hit capacity as everyone seems to be moving over here

Author: Ian Moss
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
A ridiculous impossible appointment system. I dont know why I bother trying to make an appointment as the doctors dont seem to care. Reception are un responsive and tied up by un workable systems that definitely aren't there to actually help an actual patient.

Author: Paul Thomas
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Over the past 18 months the service has deteriorated. Getting an appointment is very difficult requiring multiple phone calls, the call back service drops out and you're at the bottom of the queue again. I've had repeat prescriptions not filled out, lost even being sent to the wrong pharmacy. Before that they were an excellent surgery, but the administration seems to have gone to pot.
