Practice: THE RUGBY SURGERY
Canonical code: W93044
Postcode: NP19 0DW
Google Maps title: The Rugby Surgery
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 196
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Rugby+Surgery/@51.5843545,-2.9806101,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871e6eae29cb741:0xe9d3bc67c47400a4!8m2!3d51.5843512!4d-2.9780298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1thhjz99?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W93044-the-rugby-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Marie T
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
Just wanted to share the experiences I have had with Rugby surgery. I’m not the type of person to ring for an appointment, unless I am genuinely very unwell. Even going to the GP when Ill makes me feel like I am wasting peoples time. I visited the surgery in 2024 due to feeling awful, worse than when I had Covid. I had waited days before ringing, hoping whatever it was that I had would pass and could be treated at home. I saw Dr Khan, who was extremely dismissive, told me I had a viral infection and that I needed to be patient. No other advice was offered. She was very cold and made me feel like I was wasting her time. After this I fell ill again, Dr Khan’s words popped into my head that I needed to be patient, I was in a lot of pain but almost afraid to ring because of how I had been left feeling like a time waster. Eventually I gave in and found out I had an infected gallbladder. I had been suffering in pain for weeks due to feeling nervous to ring, by being treated like a time waster and with no empathy. This month I’ve had a completely different experience, and the practice has been redeemed a little thanks to Dr Obeidat. He asked me to come to the surgery following a telephone appointment and wow, what a wonderful Doctor! He’s very compassionate and thorough and spoke to me about my issue like he had experienced it himself. He took the time to explain details about my condition and treated me with empathy and respect. He’s an absolute asset to the surgery.

Author: Jack
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Jack3 reviews6 days ago New

Author: Metin Kara
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude receptionist ,need more polite receptionist for the patients suffering with so many health issues tnks for the understanding.

Author: Ike Davis
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Lines open at 7:45am , but no matter how on time you call, it takes a very long time before you can get someone to assist you . They need to speed up the process

Author: Abdul Kaium
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
"Extremely disappointed and frustrated with the unprofessional service. I called this morning with severe, unbearable rectal pain that has lasted for 3 weeks, making it impossible for me to walk, stand, or sit. Instead of offering an appointment, the GP dismissed my concerns and referred me to a pharmacist. ​I struggled to visit multiple pharmacies in my condition, only to find no pharmacist available for a consultation until Monday. The lack of empathy and medical responsibility from this surgery is shocking. Expecting a patient in such agony to wait days for a pharmacist's appointment is unacceptable. I feel completely let down by my GP."

Author: Rehena Shafee
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
DR Obeidat was brilliant with my son. He got so emotional and started crying. He handled my son professionally. He was really calm with him and explained everything in simple English. I wish we had more DR like him.

Author: Laurynas Venckunas
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Useless had to ring them more than 10 times wood answer the phn say hello and hang up to the point i thort one more time and am goin down there to kick of🫣 but they answered anyway they said there is appointment end of next month and then 2 seconds later ops thats one is gone now and told me to look on google for my problem just because my parents from Lithuania and i got Lithuanian name i been here in wales for years workin paying national insurance paye tax only wanted some advice fell sorry for people who does need to speak to gp. Useless rugby surgerie

Author: Veronika sweetman
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
I rang today in the morning to extend the fit note ,where I've been told to ring back after 5pm to make sure it's ready to collect. I rang back at 5:11pm and requested call back, when I gonna be on the top of the queue as lines were busy. 5:23pm I received automatic call back which was telling me that I'm on the top of the queue and to wait to be answered. I was waiting over 20mins and nothing. In general staff is very kind ,they always talk nice to me so not a problem but should get better with answering the phone lines ....

Author: Rehana Bibi
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rehana Bibi1 reviewa month ago

Author: ladybelle A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They have the worst ever healthcare workers you would not wish to meet with in your life. Extremely rude, aggressive, condescending just to name a few. Now they are some good ones, but they are only like 1%. Sad
