Practice: NORTH CELYNEN PRACTICE
Canonical code: W93067
Postcode: NP11 4PQ
Google Maps title: North Celynen Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 38
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/North+Celynen+Practice/@51.6772556,-3.1428503,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e2060f8c301cb:0x1846804eed001b04!8m2!3d51.6772523!4d-3.14027!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfzg5s6?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W93067-north-celynen-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Hayley Way
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist shocking attitude ,how they get away with speaking to people like they do .

Author: Joel Williams
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
I’ve only been to this surgery a few times, the doctor I have seen has been fantastic. Also the nurse who took my bloods was brilliant. The receptionists I’ve spoken to have been typically condescending and obstructive. I was waiting for a letter or phone call from a hospital I was referred to that never came. I then received a text from the surgery saying that I hadn’t attended a hospital appointment. I went to the surgery to explain that I hadn’t received any letters and that possibly they had been sent to my old address. Obviously my new address was registered at the surgery. I was told that it was my fault for not updating my address with the hospital as it was a separate system and that I would have to ring at 8am to make another doctors appointment. I was never previously told that I had to also update my address with the hospital and reasonably expected that once I had updated my address with the doctors surgery that it would be updated across the other systems. My telephone number hadn’t changed and I hadn’t received any voicemails or texts from the hospital.

Author: Kian Jones
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
aparently couldnt take me in to just check on me when i was having serious palpatations and wouldnt do anything told me to go to the grange or somthing wich may not even be needed and a 10-20 hour wait for somthing that may not even be that bad is not hapening all they had tp do was check they told me to book an emergancy apointment when i got closer to them then all of a suden i wasted time because they cant give one

Author: Carwyn Jones
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist are so rude… if you’re not happy get a different job

Author: S Jc
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
S JcLocal Guide · 68 reviews · 149 photos7 months ago

Author: Helen Anstice
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Helen AnsticeLocal Guide · 44 reviews · 68 photosa year ago

Author: Beth McMorran
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
It doesn’t even matter that the majority of doctors and nurses are decent because the receptionists and clinic itself is awful. I was waiting in a 40 minute phone queue (had to call over 200x) just to speak to someone, then even with an email from an A&E doctor stating I had to be seen that day they instead suggested going elsewhere or waiting 2 weeks!! The amount of times this practice try and pass you off to avoid doing their actual job is ridiculous, they don’t care about your welfare in the slightest This isn’t even my first bad experience, they have waiting lists 10x the usual for the coil(the suggested 10 months is comical especially as after recently giving birth I was supposed to be a priority). If you’re lucky enough to get an appointment you walk in to receptionists that instead of acknowledging your presence run to the other side of the office and turn their backs to you (if you’re busy doing something you can easily say that instead of being so rude). When pregnant I’d have to fight to get appointments that were supposed to be scheduled and never even was seen for a 6 week check up (I tried to book and again was a horrible experience). I haven’t met such unhelpful, unwilling and unwelcoming humans in my life and they’re supposed to be the face of this GPs? Every visit I’ve attended they've upset at least 2 people with how miserable and rude they are The whole place is a joke which is such a shame as some of the doctors and midwives are lovely. It’s not short staffed if you don’t hire enough people, sort yourselves out Edit: As stated I’ve had some really bad experiences with this GP, however, the last few visits they’ve seemed to be improving. With a seemingly new receptionist who is extremely helpful and welcoming and shorter waits for the coil and appointments. It makes a massive difference and I really hope they keep it up. As previously stated the doctors and nurses are lovely

Author: Stacey Whitcombe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
It can be difficult to get through but I have had a great experience with fantastic support from both the nurses and the doctors. Recently Dr Stacey went above and beyond for me and I am really grateful along with Lisa the nurse. However, I appreciate this isn't the experience of everyone.

Author: Taisha Taylor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist is horrible, in pain and calling for help and I literally heard her laugh, disgusting woman, she needs the sack

Author: Alison Dawe
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors and most receptionists are wonderful.never disappointed with the treatment my family have had.just one complaint that the one receptionist chews gum and never smiles.looks totally uninterested and not helpful at all.needs training.
