Practice: BLAINA MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: W93115
Postcode: NP13 3AT
Google Maps title: Blaina Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Blaina+Medical+Practice/@51.7680872,-3.1637826,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e270832436ad3:0x10651d159253c66e!8m2!3d51.7680839!4d-3.1612023!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjl5bfn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W93115-blaina-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Robert James
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went in for new patient appointment and nurse picked up on high blood pressure that 2 previous GPS have ignored, already have follow up appointments. Great service so far

Author: Garry Dix
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Hello everyone I've been with this surgery all my life over 55 years over the last few years my health has deteriorated mentally and physically I ended up in itu with a perforated bowel and nearly passed away since coming out of hospital I've needed the colostomy bags and accessories that's needed to manage my daily needs I know this sounds backwards but I have to contact fittleworth in west Sussex for the medical products I need they have to contact this surgery for a prescription for them to send the products to me by the courier So on many times the surgery hasn't released the prescription so I don't get the delivery I need and I have to chase things I've been promised by management it won't happen again Ok totally ignored today 29/9/22 the company is now sending out a emergency delivery Again. Thanks for reading Another let down by this place and I noticed a big improvement since they took on 3 new receptionists Hayley ,Lynsey & Lisa very professional polite helpful and efficient at long last made everything an easy fix today rang as I was having a bad day with my anxiety to get a prescription put through to the chemist on line as I have in the past with the 3 mentioned the one I spoke today 1,10,24 Nicola made a big fuss wouldn't do it and reported the other 3 for helping me in the past how pathetic as the easy fix would of solved my issue big thanks to the other 3 very efficient recipients

Author: Pauline Franchi
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I had the unfortunate experience of visiting the practice this morning for a Shingles vaccination. I was treated with a total lack of dignity and respect by the nurse Laura Jenkins. She refused 3 times to give me my vaccination unless I had it in the exact place that she wanted me to have it! I tried to explain that the injection site was too near the bone but she was having none of it. As a nurse myself for decades and a practice educator I’m well aware of where intramuscular injection should be given and my request was perfectly safe and in accordance with procedures. However she obviously didn’t like me disagreeing with her and so was extremely rude and obstinate! I think she needs to be reminded of her Duty of Care and responsibility to treat patients with dignity and respect and take into account THEIR wishes. Her lack of interpersonal skills was shocking! She’s obviously not happy in her job so maybe she should consider a different line of work which doesn’t involve caring! She should be ashamed of herself !

Author: Rhiannon Bailey
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most of the doctors are great but why are all of the receptionists so miserable? I don't understand why you would go into a customer facing role in a high pressured environment if you can't just be nice to people and wear a smile. The older one with short brown hair is the absolute worst. Always acts like you're inconveniencing her, it's your job to give me an appointment after waiting in the queue. Why when you get to the front are you met with such animosity? If you can't be nice to patients then why be customer facing? It makes no sense. Everyone should go where their strengths are. You have no idea what the person infront of you is going through so to treat every person with such disdain is unbelievable. Surely at interview the main requirement should be friendliness, patience, understanding and most importantly compassion. Management really need to take a look at the staff they have employed and set the most basic of boundaries - be nice to our patients! It's not a lot to ask. It shouldn't fill you with so much dread and anxiety just to make an appointment. It's horrendous how mean most of the receptionists are but especially the old woman with short brown hair. I've never met anyone with such a miserable disposition as her in my entire life. Please improve things for the sake of all the people that have to converse with her. It truly is a painful experience

Author: Natalie Clarke
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I called up this morning and got through to someone very fast. I spoke to Hailey and she was very cheerful and polite with me. She helped me with a GP appointment and told me information about a midwife book that I didn't know before. Thank you, Hailey, you made my day!

Author: Dominique Thomas-Way
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Well what can I say about this surgery....? 1 you can never get through to get an appointment, but when you get through they tell you to phone back "Monday" as they have no more appointments available , but when you go in there there isn't a soul in there🤔🤔🤔! When you phone back they tell you again that there's no more available., an when you finally get an appointmeant it's nearly 3wks b4 you can get in to see a doctor! Dont like the fact that the receptionist asks you what's wrong, since when did they get a degree in medicine when all they are is a receptionist!??? You ask to see a doctor not a receptionist! An yet another thing which i think is unfair, why have you got to see a "nurse practitioner " before you can see the doctor, this just dont make sense to me who are they to say who you can an cant see? Yet an update on this surgery!! What a load of rubbish!! Go in there with a letter to be seen asap by a GP, bare it in mind there isnt ONE person sat in the waiting area!! An then get told by a receptionist that the dr is full to capacity ummm yeah right'o theres not one person here so wheres the dr an the patients?? Was told to either phone bavk tomorrow which if i do they'll say theres no appointments available or phone out of hours tonight!! Its bloody ridiculous that you cant even make an appointment or even be seen by a GP when been advised to be seen asap! Whats this world coming to? Doesnt give you any hope or faith in the NHS anymore when things like this is happening! Absolute shambles!!

Author: Gwyn Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gwyn Jones1 reviewa year ago

Author: Alex Bridgeman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Alex Bridgeman1 reviewa year ago

Author: Owain Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Owain Smitha year ago

Author: Melanie Rachael Bennett
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
4 stars for Excellent staff very polite. This is the reason I only gave 4 stars. no offence wish they could bring back the evening emergency appointments they used to have years ago. Then you can get a better chance of seeing someone. And more phones it takes ages to get through. They never used to be like this. Such a pity.
