Practice: BODNANT SURGERY
Canonical code: W94010
Postcode: LL57 2HH
Google Maps title: Bodnant Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 179
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bodnant+Surgery/@53.2276487,-4.1409378,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4865075200c22dbd:0x4a4c6aff6880fee8!8m2!3d53.2276455!4d-4.1383575!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tp8zg8l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W94010-bodnant-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: R4D1TZ
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not register here if you are transgender. Old woman at reception treated me like dirt on her shoe, I have never felt so disrespected by a receptionist in all my life, I don’t know how she still has a job. I have also heard about her making racist remarks towards people. Most of the people on the phone were rude and condescending save for one, who actually tried to help me and told me I could come in to fill in a referral form physically and hand it in on the same day and they would get it processed quickly for me due to me having an urgent issue that needed seeing. Upon actually coming in, the receptionist would not allow me to fill in the form there and made me go home to do it, meaning I had to come back the following day, delaying my appointment further. When I did so, she was so incredibly rude and condescending to me and upon realising my title (Mr) didn’t align with my sex on my documents, she very loudly said I would be registered as a MISS, in front of my friend who I had not told I was transgender. She could have put me in serious danger if I had been with someone who wanted to hurt people like me, that was incredibly unprofessional and left me shaken for the rest of the day. I felt humiliated and disrespected, and she completely disregarded my friend, who was suffering from a lung infection and needed urgent help, telling him she couldn’t help him unless he registered then made an appointment in a couple weeks time. She didn’t even advise him to call 111 or anything, she just sent us both away. I was so incredibly shocked by this interaction that I couldn’t even see myself visiting this surgery ever again, even for an appointment, if it meant I had to interact with this evil woman. I struggle with anxiety and the thought of going back was haunting me, so I called up again to cancel my registration. I will now have to go to A&E for treatment just because of the incompetency of this medical centre.

Author: Sophie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Had to wait 2 weeks for a follow-up appointment just for the doctor to ring me for 5 seconds, so I missed it. When I rang up to ask if I could be called again, apparently the doctor doesn't work in the afternoons (every time I have been in contact with her has been the afternoon). When asked to change my appointment, I was told that as the doctor only works the first half of the week, I have to call up at 8 am on Monday. This is after trying twice to move my appointment earlier, as I had received advice from a counsellor to do so. Apparently it is impossible to book an appointment if it is not the day of. Absolutely ridiculous system. I have told this doctor how poor my mental health has been (suicidal ideation, self harm, etc), but all that was suggested was to implement a routine (I already do) I feel I am not able to cope, and that my concerns were not listened to at all. Within 10 minutes of seeing me a counsellor recommended medication to me, and one of the resources I was given by the doctor I was unable to use as the website deemed me too severe. If the doctor had listened to me instead of assuming I am a student who misses her parents, I would be in a much better place right now. Absolutely appalling, do better.

Author: A Armitage
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I been with this Surgery since 1988 (in different place before move to Bodnant Surgery and my husband join in from 1990, the staff & Doctors are brilliant with us over the years. Thank you all.

Author: Tabassum Munira
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Tabassum Muniraa month ago

Author: Caitlin Miles
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist is extremely unprofessional and rude. She would not let me fill out a form in an empty waiting room and wanted me to go home to bring it back 2 minutes later.

Author: Cassidy Lloyd
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Able to get an appointment very quickly and lovely, efficient people. Not sure why it’s rated so low on here.

Author: sara manzoor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The Gp,s are nice but the receptionist is very rude and tried to act like a doctor herself. She is the reason getting appointments is very hard. She always has an excuse to not book in someone for appointments. Bodnant should get rid of her asap.if someone wants to be heard and wants this matter to be official contact the number below.

Author: Rachel Shaw
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sioned Smith demonstrated exceptional professionalism and compassion. She went above and beyond her role to support a patient and ensure they received the appropriate care. Her proactive approach and dedication to patient wellbeing are greatly appreciated.

Author: Amy O'loughnane
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've seen a lot of negative reviews for this GP surgery, however my experience has been very pleasant. The receptionist on the phone was very friendly and quickly sorted an appointment for me. I later saw one of the advanced health care practioners who was lovely and fully investigated and addressed my problem.

Author: Bukola Oguntuyi
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was 9 minutes late to my appointment and the front desk had me travel back all the way to St Mary’s. They are really unhelpful here.
