Practice: MEDDYGFA RHYDBACH
Canonical code: W94025
Postcode: LL53 8RE
Google Maps title: Meddygfa Rhydbach
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 17
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Meddygfa+Rhydbach/@52.8479986,-43.6058912,4z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sMEDDYGFA+RHYDBACH+LL53+8RE!3m8!1s0x4865ec5e7b5268ad:0x26b5b626b913c08f!8m2!3d52.8479986!4d-4.5824537!9m1!1b1!15sChpNRUREWUdGQSBSSFlEQkFDSCBMTDUzIDhSRZIBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F1hc28_wf2?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W94025-meddygfa-rhydbach.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Edward Jones
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Edward Jones9 reviews · 2 photosa month ago

Author: Ruby Roo
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My partner who had a history of heart issues went repeatedly for help with increased symptoms. Nothing was done apart from blood tests, not even an ECG. Sadly he died in the night a few weeks ago. He was just 60. He got no help from these people who should have been monitoring him closely

Author: denise roberts
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely caring staff

Author: jac davies
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
jac daviesa year ago

Author: Eva Williams
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
On hold for over 10mins trying to get through

Author: Danne W
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Joke of a surgery. Call them telling you’re dying and their response will be “good”.

Author: Simon Hird
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
From what I’ve heard of my mum this place is a disgrace and the way they treat local people but yesterday I experienced/witnessed it for my self as mum is staying with us. She spoke with the reception was told Laura will ring her back at 4:40pm and not to worry that they won’t forget, well we are still waiting now 14 hours later. Come on you can do better than this surely!

Author: J Humphs
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful customer service. Rang at 8.30am as I was told to, the message says your call is important to us, which it obviously isn't as I was promptly disconnected twice. Haven't been able to make an appointment.

Author: Dave Parry
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
We all have a choice when faced with a crisis, we either explain what we cannot do or we find a solution and do it. This place sadly falls into the first category. For God's sake if you have a medical situation just pray it fits in the box otherwise they are happy to watch you suffer. So poor it was laughable. We got sorted at the chemist in Pwhelli no thanks to you wasters.

Author: The Traveller
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Two doctors working there in a practice that had five doctors. They have been unable to recruit replacements when doctors leave. The dispensing manager Mary has lost her temper with me and shouted at me on numerous occasions. She has blocked me seeing a doctor to review my blood pressure reading saying she has done so herself. She refused to accept my own blood pressure readings with showed I had a problem When I insisted on seeing a doctor she lost her temper with me and raised her voice then walked away from the counter and refused to talk further. Multiple errors have been encountered during my registration at this surgery. They were unable to control my blood pressure. They prescribed the wrong blood pressure medication for a number of years using a heart medicine that does not control blood pressure. On multiple occasions they refused to review my blood pressure and refused to accept my own blood pressure readings. I was told that I'm obviously a person that thrives on high blood pressure and ro not worry about it until I get blood blisters in my eyes. I went to a local chemist for a blood pressure review and my blood pressure was so high that the pharmacist declared a medical emergency and called an ambulance. I refused the ambulance saying I knew exactly what's wrong with my medication and need a change in my prescription. I insisted on a change in blood pressure medication and the pharmacist rang my doctor to arrange this and the doctor argued with the pharmacist, and the doctor refused to change the medication. The pharmacist overrode the doctor and issued an emergency prescription and changed my blood pressure. The pharmacist removed the incorrectly prescribed drug and added a higher dosage of another one. Subsequently my blood pressure has become a controlled normal. I have had no further problems with my blood pressure since that time. The dispensing manager Mary has made multiple mistakes with my prescription over a period of 2 years. When I tried to complain about this I found the doctors at the surgery and the dispensing manager and at least two local chemists all said the same thing, that they all went to school together and it couldn't be possible that one of them had made any errors. I had to find a different pharmacist to help me override the surgery's mistakes. The entire team at the surgery including the practice manager, closed ranks and did not admit mistakes had been made. This was when my blood pressure was abnormally high and when a medical emergency was declared by another pharmacist. I would not recommend this surgery to anyone. In my opinion they have totally failed in providing any duty of care to me. Because I've had cancer treatment which has left me damaged, I stayed with them for continuity of healthcare and I regret doing so, this was a mistake. I'm currently on an extended holiday in Cornwall in England and had a problem with an infection and this surgery in Wales refused to help me unless I travel back to Wales for a face to face visit. When I said I was unable to do so they refused to help me and deregistered me.
