Practice: BRIDGEND GROUP
Canonical code: W95070
Postcode: CF31 3NW
Google Maps title: Bridgend Group Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 111
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bridgend+Group+Practice/@51.5025495,-3.5812623,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e6dcb54f10d6d:0xcb55768231b578ae!8m2!3d51.5025462!4d-3.578682!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgps184?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 2
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W95070-bridgend-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Stephen Whitelock
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
People giving negative reviews on here have clearly never been part of Riversdale surgery. I transferred away from them after never being able to get an appointment. I spoke to a GP on my first attempt at BGP and had my issue dealt with immediately. So far I’m very impressed, hope it continues. 🤞🏼
Practice response date: 4 days ago
Practice response:
Thank you for the lovely feedback.

Author: paul edger
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Not very happy this morning, phoned for a appointment to see a Doctor, after waiting hours, i just had a text of them, this was the second time.You can't even speak to a Doctor now.

Author: E K
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
E K2 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Jeremy Smith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I take my health seriously but the same can’t be said for BGP I am sorry to say. I had a wide range of blood tests nearly 3 weeks ago at Aberkenfig surgery. I saw my private consultant last week about my ongoing asthma and during the consultation he reviewed my blood tests. All were normal apart from high cholesterol at 7.2. He advised that my GP should be contacting me. As they did not I rang the surgery to be advised by the receptionist that all of my blood tests were normal. When I pointed out that my cholesterol levels were far from normal, she advised that she was not qualified to discuss it. Following this I used the App to explain the situation. Shortly after I was advised that a clinical pharmacist would call me this morning to discuss my high levels of cholesterol. I cleared my diary for the morning and kept my phone close as my health is important to me. I have received no phone call. BGP, you are dealing with people’s health and this is simply unacceptable. I know this review will do nothing unfortunately to drive you to take better care of your patients, but I do believe in voicing concerns when you can’t trust your local GP anymore.

Author: Liam Litterick
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Honestly, 💩. I phoned to ask questions about myself, receptionist said she didn't know anything. 5 minutes later, my partner rings, the receptionist answered the same questions I asked 😂. Also I'm waiting on results, I filled the form in 2 days in a row to get nothing back. This is why I want to change surgery. Patient confidentiality is out the window plus the way I get treated due to my past is disgusting if I could give 0 stars I would. CAB next thing Joke surgery

Author: Toni Davies
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
All too often the GP practices, Pharmacies and other primary care providers get publicly criticised and put down for issues beyond their individual control. While complaints from certain circumstances are justified, all too often people overlook how much the employees are doing their very best under difficult circumstances, with high service pressures and demands beyond their available capacity. Today, I felt the need to balance this with really positive experience. I submitted a form to BGP online at approx 8am and received a call to book an appointment within the hour. I was seen in Ashfield Surgery in Bridgend at 10:45 exactly and welcomed by a lovely, smiling reception team. I was seen promptly by a professional, kind and knowledgeable nurse specialist who assessed me and was able to very quickly determine the cause and treatment of my symptoms. I went straight to the Pharmacy and received my medication within minutes. Recent calls with my GP for other issues have also been incredibly positive and I have received nothing but kindness, compassion and professionalism. What more could we ask for? I feel incredibly grateful for our NHS and lucky to have such high quality services at our front door. Thank you to all the amazing staff who put their all into making patients lives more manageable and their experience of services so positive! We are so lucky to have you!
Practice response date: 4 months ago
Practice response:
Thank you for such a lovely review. We will share with our team and it will mean a lit.

Author: Thomas Lewis
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thomas Lewis6 months ago

Author: Ian Johnson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I had a telephone conversation with Jason Sutton pharmacist and got to say he was brilliant

Author: Jen
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Although sometimes issues with repeat prescriptions whenever I or my family need an appointment it's always very quick. Doctors and nurses are friendly and helpful. They have a lot of demand for the services and ever since the e consult started it's been so much easier and quicker to get an appointment or just a prescription for minor ailments.

Author: Felicitie Walls
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been using Bridgend GP Practice for a few years and I am extremely pleased and satisfied by the service that my family and I have received. At every appointment I have been listened to, checked thoroughly and given a sensible course of action. When my children have been seen, every doctor has been purposefully engaging and fun. They have always reassured me of my concerns and listened to my views as a parent. Thank you to all the doctors of Bridgend GP Practice for your kindness, professionalism and support.
