Practice: WOODLANDS SURGERY
Canonical code: W95012
Postcode: CF34 0SR
Google Maps title: Woodlands Surgery
Google rating: 3.7
Google review count: 22
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Woodlands+Surgery/@51.6333541,-3.6604814,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e427bbe45128d:0xca7b254b717304f1!8m2!3d51.6333508!4d-3.6579011!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wd3vh3v?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W95012-woodlands-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Claire Lewis
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very happy to be able to use Woodlands surgery. When I phone for anything, the lady on the phone is absolutely lush! Doctors are great too. Very supportive and understanding with compassion no judgement. I feel very comfortable going for appointments as all the staff are very friendly and very helpful. Great surgery.

Author: colin smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
All good no problems

Author: Jodie (StarTrix)
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
October 2024, revised review: Since Covid-19 and lockdown, everything has gone downhill and become impersonal. As you will see from my previous review (2019), still left below, I didn't always think negatively about the practice. Fortunately, I rarely need an appointment now, only for yearly pill check with a nurse, but on my last visit, I was directed to check-in via a screen - which many people do prefer to use. In doing so, I didn't see or speak to anyone until I saw the nurse (who was lovely, considerate and under). It was so quiet, not at all busy. No noise, hubbub. I felt like the only one in the building. I don't recall hearing a phone ringing. There were approximately ten chairs - not the dozens which occupied the waiting room previously - and I took up one of them. I arrived just over five minutes early, checked in and waited for almost 30 minutes. Two other female patients arrived 10-15 minutes after me. During my wait, a name came on the screen to be buzzed in... for a man who wasn't even there!! Eventually, I saw the nurse and she asked how long I had been waiting and if I checked in via the screen. I told her, she apologised and blamed the system for not working as expected. Appointment booking wise via the website or app is redundant because you can't book to see a doctor. Everything is triaged by the team on receptionist, including telephone requests. If I wanted an appointment today I couldn't because: We have paused access to contact us online as we have reached capacity for the day. Gone are the days of ringing up for a same day or next day appointment. The world has opened back up since lockdowns, Woodlands Surgery - and many other practices - have not. ---- Previous review from approx 2019: The waiting time for your preferred doctor is longer than necessary. For example, if you want an appointment for some time in November, you have to call at the very start of October (when the books are open). Even then you are not guaranteed an appointment (e.g. no availability or the doctor is on leave). The practice is very popular and busy - but extremely overcrowded with patients. I like that you can see some available appointments online for the doctors and nurses (i.e. blood pressure and phlebotomy), also, you can order repeat prescriptions. That can help and slightly ease the work on the receptionists by booking yourself in The receptionists have always been polite and courteous to me. I have my preferred female doctor who has been a Godsend. I have been lucky to engage in a decent doctor/patient relationship with someone who I like and trust. For me, that is key. Overall, the practice and staff are great but it is not without its flaws.

Author: Marita Thorkildsen
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude and incompetent staff.

Author: Chris Rose L
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This one star is for the very rude, ill mannered, ignorant, abrupt blonde receptionist. Who definitely needs to go or receive intensive customer service training. I would have given a zero but this system doesn’t allow. Is there no dress code for reception staff because the same person needs a few lessons on what is acceptable clothing for a busy doctors surgery. A pink hoody may be ok for shopping or the gym but certainly not for this type of business. I am so angry with how she spoke to me!

Author: Linda Oatley
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service and care. All the staff are willing to help.

Author: Steven Nicholas
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
They won’t answer my request to get a sick note for work. They have a commitment to doing it the next day but I have waited many days and nothing. They used to be good but their service has been ruined due to staff cuts.

Author: Terence Adams
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very quick service

Author: Untidy Echo
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Untidy Echo1 review3 years ago

Author: Leigh Watkin
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellence service at all times, good doctors and good staff.
