Practice: MONTGOMERY MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: W96001
Postcode: SY15 6PF
Google Maps title: Montgomery Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 28
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Montgomery+Medical+Practice/@52.5589881,-3.1505878,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487003c682d83df7:0x4828b02730f67674!8m2!3d52.5589849!4d-3.1480075!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgtdyg_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W96001-montgomery-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mark “PN” PN
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Well after nearly five years I've seen a doctor and very useful experience it was. Also good the nurse physicians know what they are doing. I had something really nasty but some antibiotics were dished out (first time for me in absolutely ages) and something else discovered later and treated roo. The difference for me is I've actually been able to sleep and immediately getting better noticed the difference! Prescriptions of the repeat type still tough since Morrisons withdrew their service ( thanks Morrisons). On a major plus note I could hear "Rikki Don't Lose That Number" by Steely Dan (Pretzel Logic) whilst in the waiting room. Good taste

Author: Tracey C
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've just moved to the area, so am therefore new to the practice, but am very impressed with the practice and dispensary so far. I took new patient registration forms in and the receptionist was very welcoming polite and friendly. She was also very efficient as she said she would put mine and hubby's forms on their system that afternoon and about an hour later we both received a text to say we were registered! I've also downloaded the NHS Wales app, as I already had an NHS log in. It's a very easy and efficient way to order meds, book appt.s etc and my details showed on there very quickly after being registered. The dispensary staff have also been very helpful with one of my medications, which wasn't put on repeat by my previous surgery. They sorted it out for me with one of the GPs and I was able to pick it up a couple of days later, and all at the busiest time of year! I worked in a pharmacy myself before moving and know how busy and stressful it can be! I was very impressed with the set-up of the dispensary too, collecting meds at a little window within the surgery waiting/reception area. I don't personally think people here locally have any cause to complain, especially if they had to go to a GP/pharmacy where I used to live and work! Plus as a big bonus, it's in a gorgeous little village 🥰 Thank you Montgomery Medical Practice! 👏🏻😊

Author: Billie Roberts
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I honestly can’t fault Montgomery doctors, best doctors I’ve been with. The online triage form is fantastic, very quick services, every staff member is patient centered too! They’ve helped me and my children multiple times on the same day too, dispensary staff are just as good. Really recommend if you’re looking for a doctors in Montgomery 🥰

Author: Lesley Jarvis
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Our Drs are the best I’ve ever had in my 58 years of life - professional and efficient and just the nicest staff ever

Author: John Williams
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't praise the staff more highly at today's Flu Jab Day. Friendly, efficient and professional. In and out in a minute and that included a pain free jab- what more can you ask. Thank you Monty Docs.

Author: Richard Sharratt
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had an appointment today with Dr.Donna Griffiths and wanted to thank her for her time and her expert attention to detail which has raised my spirits and confidence levels. Will ask for Donna any time I need a further appointment. Kind regards Richard Sharratt.

Author: Barry Wills
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Not yet managed to get a suitable appointment here. 2 week wait just to book a phone conversation with someone. Dire. Tried with a shoulder injury and got an appointment for 2 weeks later so I could speak to someone and book an appointment to see someone else 4-6 weeks later. A joke of a service

Author: Kathleen Mackenzie
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well Done all the staff for delivering everybody’s flu jab Saturday 16th September under a lot of pressure you did an excellent job. Fabulous Work ! Thank you

Author: Helen Balcombe
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Understand reviews are personal, and each experience individual. I have had amazing care, and always been treated politely by receptionists. I cannot praise the practice more. I would like to say thank you to them.

Author: Nicky Gilligan
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 2 stars
Really don't like giving negative reviews and it's most likely just one or two staff members that pull down the credibility of the whole team and my review certainly does not include the excellent care given by the doctors and the nurses at Montgomery. However in the spirit of improving services for poorly people I must comment on the attitude of one or two of the receptionists working at The Montgomery Surgery (I'm sure they know who they are and this will not be fresh news). I wish they could adopt a more pleasant and caring tone when dealing with their patients. Perhaps they themselves will then enjoy more pleasant phone calls and a better relationship with the very people that are the reason they have a job at the surgery; or alternatively perhaps find employment more suited to their disposition, maybe a traffic warden, debt collector or vivisectionist?
