Practice: CLOUGHMORE MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: W97007
Postcode: CF24 2LU
Google Maps title: Cloughmore Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 153
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cloughmore+Surgery/@51.4820804,-3.1467369,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e1cd76ceeb1b9:0xd65542fe872a637e!8m2!3d51.4820771!4d-3.1441566!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1q5bn97ll?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W97007-cloughmore-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Naiz Haidari
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Naiz Haidari3 reviewsa week ago New

Author: Sharon Woodward
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Female dr Osborne she a a lovely dr always there when I need her she only works on a Friday she listens and help me so I try to keep appointment with her

Author: GamerGamer 753
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I phoned the surgery last Friday to speak to the doctor because my husband had a really nasty chest infection and flu like symptoms aching and shivering I Was then told they could make an appointment over Cardiff Royal Infirmary. To which I said he's too ill to go. Could I speak to the doctor. Receptionist phoned back to say he doesn't want to speak to me and apologised!! All I wanted to ask if antibiotics and steroids Could be put up on prescription. Because my husband has an ongoing problem with his chest. The following days my husbands condition worsened and now he is very seriously ill in hospital . Point being if he had medication sooner it would not have come to this!!!!!!

Author: Sifa Solapure
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude

Author: Nicola Shackson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is probably the worst surgery in Cardiff, if they can mess something up they most definitely will. Prescriptions due over public holidays are not dealt with before time so now I have to face Christmas without the large amount of anti depressants that I take twice a day. I can expect to be very unwell because of this. They have sent me a text message about someone else's medication which was a huge data breach. They say they will put you on a waiting list and then don't. So many times they've messed up and it never improves. AVOID AVOID AVOID

Author: Michael
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Testing Refused for second time. *Imagine* Spending years to train in a life saving role, to merely fob people off, defect, delay, hinder, and smile as you do it - genius. Why would a General Practitioner refuse testing on someone with a court order that says to get a diagnosis on a condition that IS and HAS worsened following a accident at work 5 years ago? Genius. My only option now is to inform the Courts that multiple GPs have refused testing, are attempting to charge extra money for paperwork and are unable to diagnose my condition in this amount of time (5 years), that my condition is worsening and I still remain at risk of further injury. Medical Practitioners ARE putting UK Citizens at risk of further injuries, mental implications and other ailments by not acknowledging what the Individual is reporting as symptomatic. Is this a reflection of a society that has 'Balance' and 'Fairness' Not by definitions in the books I hold.

Author: Natalja Giglio
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Almost impossible to book appointments,being on the phone for 1hour since 8 am, as results-no appointments left.Absolutely waste of time.

Author: Ryan Mitchell
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Lazy, rude and devoid of empathy. My friend has third degree burns on her back and has been in excruciating pain waiting for a refill of dressings. Despite this, I was told by an extremely cold receptionist that even though it was waiting in the next room, I would have to wait up to two hours to collect as she point blank refused to send a simple message to the doctor in the next room. I explained the situation and how the hospital hadn’t given her enough dressings, as well as how she had been up all night in pain without them and could barely move, but the woman I spoke to didn’t have an ounce of empathy and made no attempt to try and help in any way, claiming that she would “lose her job” if she messaged the doctor. I can’t speak for the other workers but If they are anything like the woman I spoke to, I wouldn’t recommend my worst enemy come to this place for help.

Author: mathew green
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Would give no stars if possible rang up Monday morning as told for my blood results, took over an hour to get through to be greeted by a female receptionist after explaining why I have called as I was told by the doctor to do so she continued to tell me repeatedly that I MUST ring after 2pm after explaining to the very rude and unprofessional individual that the doctor told me to ring on this day and this time would you be able to please check as Ive been on the phone for over an hour she then let out a huff like I was asking her for the world and in reality was just asking her to do her job if you don’t like your job or engaging with members of the public for that matter why don’t you go get a different job? I’ve noticed everyone at this surgery has a very bad attitude (receptionist wise) I’ve witnessed this first hand many times in person they have a message now warning people about not talking to staff with rude offensive language just before you gets through via phone but I can see why people may get this way based on how the receptionists speak to people its totally unacceptable think the message should be played to the receptionists and maybe teach them some professionalism and manners diabolical attitudes sort it out! can see from the review section how bad the receptionists are why is this being aloud to continue?

Author: Adam Richard Kaps
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have found my experience at the surgery to be very good. Most of the doctors seem quite attentive to an issue, in particular Dr Osborne (m) is good. He has really taken my health complaints seriously. The system could be a bit better technology wise as there are lots of features on the NHS Wales app that can't be used (such as seeing medical records). However this is a minor issue. Reception staff have usually been very helpful, and certainly more so than other surgeries I have been to like Four Elms (Review on them to follow). Nursing staff have generally been nice and approachable, but wonder if they are stretched a little thin, my nurse at my last appointment had an issue of consistently reading results from the previous year. Though this seems a little unusual compared to normal so it could just be an off day.
