Practice: BIRCHGROVE SURGERY
Canonical code: W97021
Postcode: CF14 4QJ
Google Maps title: Birchgrove Surgery
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 54
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Birchgrove+Surgery/@51.516954,-3.2037128,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e1b80fb245adf:0x3fbaf8d45c70f1a!8m2!3d51.5169507!4d-3.2011325!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td9pzbc?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W97021-birchgrove-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Samuel Bloomer
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Received an appointmentment on the day with Dr Davies for an urgent matter. Excellent assessment and great demeanor. Fantastic service overall.

Author: Jessica Hughes
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always get seen the same day so can’t complain!

Author: DHTCF
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The medics are often fine, when you can get to see one. Getting to see one feels like an obstacle course, however. The process for getting an appointment seems designed to make it as difficult as possible - or to encourage patients to say that they need an emergency appointment. The staff and booking system seems to get consistently poor reviews, yet nothing ever improves. I seem to be obliged to give it at least one star, but tbh it doesn't deserve even that.

Author: Jason
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They aren’t linked to the NHS Wales app so you have to deal with really unhelpful reception staff for booking or getting access to your medical records. Awful place.

Author: Gwawr DJ
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Often get seen on the same day when I ring for our family, also nurse prescriber was amazing and checked a mole during an appt about something else, turned out to be melanoma so honestly think she may have saved my life, as I would not have made a separate appt as I was not that worried.

Author: Rich Reynolds
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Few weeks ago my mother rang here to ask for an appointment for my 70 year old father. As my mother was talking the one of the receptionist stating the symptoms about my father, the receptionist replied to my mother saying 'it's not an emergency there's no need for him to come to see a doctor'. Last Saturday my father got rushed into hospital and is now in intensive care after having TWO major surgeries and one of the surgeries was a 50/50 chance he could have died or survived. I think you should have looked at my fathers records and should have seen that he has not seen a doctors for many years so you should have realised that he needed to see a doctor asap. Think this is disgusting and he should have been seen when my mother rang up.

Author: Dean Goodall
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
To get an appointment is like winning the Lottery , I'm not one of the regulars it's got to be something concerning for me to call them, called earlier this week at the correct time and they said call back at 2pm , did so as the clock hit 2pm waited in a queue and when they eventually answered there were no appointments . The weird thing is I called recently to pick up a prescription for my wife and the place was almost empty .

Author: Amr Elbendary
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well Trusted and hard working. Thank you

Author: Nai Musa
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
if i could give it zero stars i would, receptionist are extremely unhelpful, stay on the phone for ages just to tell you there’s no more appointments or give you only one appointment option months away and if you can’t make it then tough. it’s been nearly 4 months of trying to make an appointment and still no avail. The dumbest part is that you can only call for appointments at 2pm on weekdays, so if you have a job then it’s tough, also you can’t accidentally call a few minutes before 2pm they won’t allow that, but if you call at 2pm you’ll be in the queue for about 15 minutes and then be told the appointments are all gone so there’s really no winning here. I’ve been at this practice for nearly 5 years and only had 2 successful attempts at getting an appointment

Author: Georgie Hay
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Moved from another practice and massive difference. Can get an appointment, nice to have reminder texts. Everyone I’ve seen has been excellent.
