Practice: BRYNDERWEN SURGERY
Canonical code: W97006
Postcode: CF3 0EF
Google Maps title: Brynderwen Surgery
Google rating: 2.5
Google review count: 99
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brynderwen+Surgery/@51.5251422,-3.1050707,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4871e27bdddaf1b1:0xc56b5ba124324968!8m2!3d51.5251389!4d-3.1024904!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcwl05s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W97006-brynderwen-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ellie Smith
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling experience. Getting an appointment is nearly impossible, and when you finally manage it nothing actually gets resolved. There is zero sense of care for patients’ concerns. The receptionists staff are not only rude but dismissive and incredibly condescending, being made to feel like an inconvenience trying to access basic healthcare. This surgery fails on every level - professionalism, accessibility and simple respect for patients.

Author: Jerome Mellor OLD ACCOUNT
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic doctors and welcoming receptionists!

Author: Dave
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible practice with really rude staff They Sent my repeat proscription to the wrong pharmacy, I phoned to see about getting it changed to the correct pharmacy and was met with this response (Well why cant you go and get it?) Because my dear, i don't drive and im 2 bus journeys from the pharmacy you sent it to and she still done nothing about it. now im expected to chase my own prescription for there mistakes My many years of being with this practice ive began to notice a pattern, it will take myself a (male) 3+ weeks to get any sort of appointment including a (phone consultation) but yet a women from my family would call and get the appointment the same day?? Crazy.. I highly recommend evoiding this Doctors if you have the choice.......... if i could leave 0 stars i would

Author: Mydy Andy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP I have ever been registered to. There are several options when you call one of them asking you to agree to be called while saving your place in queue, nobody calls you!!!! Terrible place, waste of time!!!!

Author: Leonora Scott
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful! My 1 year old was clearly unwell and in Pain with an infection and high temp absolutely nothing was done for him just got told to come back if gets worse! Ended up in a&e and got the medication he needed

Author: Anthony Collins
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
My wife that works .unable to phone for appointments .in mornings phones are not aloud in work place .went to see doctor about blood results and tablets .well my wife told her about her shoulder . doctor said I no time for this go to A. E. if you're that concerned.so did not even have a look my wife is in a lot of pain all over .my wife have said many time she don't want to be here anymore. Even told doctor. I just want to say to this so called doctor that A.E. are over run with people .this doctor should have looked at it not saying she had no time I'm fuming

Author: Shirley YG
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Waiting queue for booking appointments is way too long. An archaic process that needs to be streamlined and made more convenient for their patients. Not everyone has the time to wait over an hour just to book an appointment. They tell you to call at 8am for same day appointments, but you will keep getting kicked out of the queue each time because too many people are calling, and by the time you actually manage to get into the queue and wait and hour to speak to someone, all the appointments are gone for that day?! I was booking for someone who was quite unwell and experiencing heavy bleeding, earliest appointment they could give me was a month later!

Author: Aimee Bartle
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get an appointment, you can be really poorly and get told to call later or your appointment is 6 weeks away. Will be moving surgeries

Author: Charlotte T
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have been a patient of this surgery for years and I’m sorry to say it’s gone down the pan!! Ever since Dr Edward’s and Dr Evan’s left! Absolutely diabolical service throughout, from the receptionist team to the doctors and nurses. The need to fight with the receptionist to get an emergency appointment is awful, questioning you, they aren’t trained professionals! They are rude, obnoxious and arrogant! Then there are the doctors who have a service of duty and care for your health and wellbeing, not being listened to by the doctor and having to fight for tests etc when you are fearing the worst and when you already feel like rubbish. To be told by a doctor tuff and to learn to manage your pain. No empathy, no sympathy or compassion whatsoever and unethical treatment and behaviour! The way I have been treated I have no other choice than to take further action!

Author: paul crump
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Staff very rude, didn't want to know about my problem and I'm over 60 !!
