Practice: CLIFTON SURGERY
Canonical code: W97060
Postcode: CF24 1AG
Google Maps title: Clifton Surgery
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 110
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Clifton+Surgery/@51.4877983,-3.1622045,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e1cc4993e54d1:0x703a5e88d326969d!8m2!3d51.487795!4d-3.1596242!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tgb6sj5?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W97060-clifton-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lynette Moore
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent service

Author: Hannah Kandeh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking patient care to the point that NHS England have to been forced to refer me to their neurology department despite already mus diagnosing 3 cerebral aneurysms. Im waiting for the Practice manager so l can make my complaint official.

Author: Jackie Trudgeon
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Caroline Stewart is an excellent Doctor who's treatment is both empathetic and thorough. Dr Amy Thorne is extremely kind and has strong patient rapport. Having such strong doctors and nurses, the practice is well equipped. Waiting times to be expected as with any surgery. Good female doctors for mental health.

Author: Alandi Salimi
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very difficult to get an appointment! Waiting on the phone for 35 minutes then picking up the phone said call back tomorrow again and again and again!

Author: Kizzy Stallard
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been with this surgery since I was small, and there have been many instances where they have let me down. Here are some examples: I made a few appointments in the past regarding my mental health and I never really felt listened too, I think due to my young age they didn’t take me seriously, and I felt that the doctor somewhat hinted that it was a “phase” and that I would grow out of it, I was told to do things like yoga. In my last appointment regarding my mental health, I was told that the doctor would refer me to something that would help (it was something like a group/place, can’t remember too well), but nothing ever came of that. I was once misdiagnosed. I had severe abdominal pain, I couldn’t keep anything down and I couldn’t sleep, this was brushed off as a stomach bug but after enduring this “stomach bug” for a few more days I made another appointment with the GP and luckily it was with a different doctor, after examining me the doctor told me I needed to go to the hospital immediately, not long after arriving at the hospital I had to have surgery and I eventually found out that the cause of my pain etc, was that my intestines were twisted around themselves. As a woman, I feel many of my issues aren’t being listened to. I struggle with endometriosis and was often just told to go on the pill, even after stating I did not want to go on the pill for a few reasons. I was never told about alternatives (implant, IUD, etc.) The doctors who I would see about my endometriosis made it seem like what I was going through was normal, when I knew it wasn’t, I knew from age 11 I had endometriosis but it took until I was around 19 to be referred to gynaecology for help, and I was only referred because I finally didn’t take no for an answer and non-stop badgered them. The doctor was so rude about referring me, as if it affected them. The receptionists have bad customer service skills, and the doctors don’t care about patients. The appointments I’ve recently had often seem rushed, and to even get an appointment, it’s very hard, overall not had a good experience, as the bad outweighs the good by a lot, unfortunately. I would not recommend.

Author: Shatabdi Santra
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shatabdi Santra2 reviews8 months ago

Author: Bonnie Matshona
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to Dr. McDonald and Nurse Andrea for the exceptional care I received during my Mirena coil fitting today. Initially, I had reservations about the procedure due to fear, but their patience and thorough explanations made me to relax. I felt at ease throughout , the procedure was not painful but only a minor discomfort. Nurse Andrea is always kind and so helpful whenever I take my daughter as I have been blessed to be helped by her several times for my daughter's immunisations.The reception staff are so welcoming and friendly. Thank you once again, Dr. McDonald and Nurse Andrea, for your outstanding service. I am truly grateful for the support and care you provided.

Author: Brunilda gj
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amber (midwife) she is the best, very professional

Author: shannon
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had an issue finding my NHS number for a long time due to moving from England to Wales. I spoke to such a lovely lady on the phone today at 4:45 21/05, who tried her best to help me and successfully did so. Thank you so much.

Author: Raj Sarkar
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really nasty people there; I'm currently suing them.
