Practice: ELY BRIDGE SURGERY
Canonical code: W97040
Postcode: CF5 4AD
Google Maps title: Ely Bridge Surgery
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 143
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ely+Bridge+Surgery/@51.4839521,-3.2370543,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e1b24e35c5295:0xae2e1ca04f2b5182!8m2!3d51.4839488!4d-3.234474!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tczvc9f?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W97040-ely-bridge-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Diane Attley
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Visited Ely Bridge Surgery all doctors are helpful and receptionists kind I saw Laura the health care nurse who went out of her way and reassured me and kindly took me in her room while I was struggling Thanks so much I really appreciate it and she is a credit to the practice ☺️

Author: Nicole Townsend
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
And 5 months on they’re still one of the worst GP’s I’ve dealt with. Cannot wait to switch surgeries. Reception team are also awful! Awful service! Been going through something for months and nobody cares! I was first in the queue this morning, a lady answered and said ‘hello Ely bridge surgery’ I said hello back and got cut off. Now yet again, I cannot get an appointment on the only day I’m off work! I hate this s surgery with a passion

Author: Bren39 :
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can't even answer the phone. Worse gp I've been to in Cardiff.

Author: Chris
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absoloutley disgusting receptionist in this surgery. I witnessed the old receptionist belittle a woman who was only collecting a sample tube for a relative, rather than provide the little plastic tube in arms reach she made a big song and dance acting as if they were gold dust. I felt so sorry for the female only trying to help a relative and from what I heard the surgery had already been notified the woman would be collecting it! The woman returned later and the young polite receptionist was extremely apologetic and even shook her head in regard to how the old receptionist had behaved. Absoloutley shocking service and in front of the whole surgery in full view of other patients. Extremely embarrassing for the old receptionist who was conveniently missing when the woman returned, after being proven so blatantly wrong.

Author: Lisa Thomas
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The surgery have been fantastic! My elderly father in law has been looked after so well and I have always seen/spoken to a doctor when required. It is a breath of fresh air to get this level of service and as a family we are extremely grateful. Thank you all so much for your kindness and support ❤️

Author: Adam Dunn
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
2 years ive been with this GP first time was when i koved here they were going to look into my medication and get back to me. 2 years ago now mind never heard from them. Today im ringing them because my arm is swollen and red been bitten by a spider or something. The 3rd time im ringing today because some grumpy keeps hanging uo the phone pretending they cant hear you

Author: K Ms
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I Think Ely Bridge Are The Best Doctors Ive Been Too, Always Able To Get An Appoitment And The Doctors Are Very Helpful And Understanding

Author: Cass W
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Always been treated well by receptionists and other staff. Building itself is a little dated.

Author: amy
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking doctors!! You get told to call back at a certain time. You do ,and end up being the 10th caller which is fine but to be on hold for 40 mins to get to number 3 they then cut you off!! To call back 3 times and now your the 10th caller again!!!! 70+ calls before to these doctors it’s getting bloody worse!! Stay well clear from these! They honestly couldn’t care if you live or die! They need serious looking in too!!! Joke of a place!!

Author: Edwina Amadife
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why I m still with this surgery ( my doctor is brilliant Dr wak l) however the reception team are a joke. I have severe neck injury on medical for the past 4 wks and not getting any better. So I called this morning, was put in a queue for 10 mins and when the receptionist answered, I could hear her as clear as day and I was saying hello, hello, hello and she put the phone down. Called back only to be told all appointments for a gone. Asked for a call back from a doctor and I was told NO to call back at 1.45. No apologies for putting the phone down on me. Only I don’t know what happened. Your customer service is absolutely disgusting and off putting to patients.
