Practice: RUMNEY PRIMARY CARE CENTRE
Canonical code: W97027
Postcode: CF3 3LG
Google Maps title: Rumney Primary Care Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 142
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rumney+Primary+Care+Centre/@51.5063802,-3.1282579,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e1d0dc1a9ad27:0x4a6b139833d2e480!8m2!3d51.5063769!4d-3.1256776!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq5b698?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W97027-rumney-primary-care-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Paul Cotsen
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Superb NHS facility. Good parking. Very easy to locate in Rumney. It was so relaxed and serene inside. I could have fallen asleep it was so quiet.

Author: mikey carbis
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Not all but a select few doctors in there clearly don’t care which is why the American healthcare system is better what incentive do the doctors there have to perform well there’s nothing which means they get paid regardless of whether they’re doing their job or not and who is their supervisor who decides if they’re doing there job properly and one example is DR. Mauro, he clearly doesn’t care why should your doctor who’s wages you’re paying be combative and dismissive of any problem you present and not acknowledge issues you bring up and shoot you down when questioned an embarrassing health care centre you should be ashamed

Author: Dan
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Calling at 8am is a joke, 29 times I tried calling with no answer, just straight to being engaged. Why is there not a queue system? When you do get through, you get questioned by a receptionist that is rude on why you need an appointment. What on earth does it have to do with them? I want to speak to a doctor.

Author: Carrie Sauce
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Failed to refer my partner to a specialist after ensuring they would at an initial in person appointment in 2022. Ignored our requests for updates at subsequent visits, then finally referred him 3 YEARS LATER and never mentioned that they'd failed to do so initially. We only found out after contacting the specialist department ourselves to find they had no history of a referral before 2025. Current waiting time is 60 weeks, meaning it'll be nearly 4 and a half years by the time he sees his specialist. This place should be shut down, it's an embarrassment.

Author: Chantelle Duncan
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Well I have been trying to get a appointment for months now you phone them as 8am and straight away the phone is off the hook

Author: Steve.
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Booked an appointment this morning using the app. Was then txt and was told that I could have a telephone appointment which I had to book. first available day was 10 days later. I have a lump on my back which would need to be seen, you can’t see it through a phone line I have lost total faith In the NHS and this GP practice. Disgusted.

Author: KJ IQA
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Covid vaccinations not recorded and so I couldn't get my 3rd appointment in a vaccination centre. (I had first 2 at the surgery). Had to telephone the surgery 5 times before the systems were updated. The practice manager had to ask me the date I had the vaccinations and who gave them to me. In her words she needed the information in order to track the batch I had. In other words proper vaccinations records are not being kept. On one occasion when I called to speak to the practice manager she wasn't in. I asked the receptionist to give her a message. The receptionist said she could not because the system didn't have a way she could do it. I asked if she could send an email she said no. I asked if she could write a message on a piece of paper and she said she wasn't allowed to!

Author: Sumesh Gee
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Sumesh Gee4 reviews3 months ago

Author: Lucine Chakmakjian Phillips
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I used to think it was fantastic, recently I am utterly disheartened. They recommend using the app to book appointments. I set my alarm for 7.55, book through the app. Then later on I receive a text message with a form to triage my needs. I fill it in, later I receive a text saying, " the gp feels your matter isn't urgent for today ". I call the surgery and am advised that, if I don't use the app I don't get triaged, so if I want an on the day appointment, it's better to phone. I have a joint disorder and am advised that they have a musculoskeletal clinic that I can book into. Silly me, I assumed it was a clinic with a musculoskeletal specialist. Nope, it's with a practice gp who has a special interest in musculoskeletal, no specific training/qualification. He didn't even examine me, in fact he said, I watched you walking in and you look fit and healthy to me. I won't go into more detail at the moment as I have made a formal complaint about the appointment, I came out in tears.

Author: Iwuchukwu Ikechukwu
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Iwuchukwu IkechukwuLocal Guide · 14 reviews4 months ago
