Practice: CWMTAWE MEDICAL GROUP
Canonical code: W98022
Postcode: SA6 5LN
Google Maps title: Cwmtawe Medical Group
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 20
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cwmtawe+Medical+Group/@51.696452,-3.8947957,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x486e5f31b9a8993f:0xc5b54da060b465fb!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sCWMTAWE+MEDICAL+GROUP+SA6+5LN!3m8!1s0x486e5f31b8bfffff:0x99fc67bbb66ccc0f!8m2!3d51.6964487!4d-3.8922154!9m1!1b1!15sCh1DV01UQVdFIE1FRElDQUwgR1JPVVAgU0E2IDVMTpIBBmRvY3RvcuABAA!16s%2Fg%2F11h_xgpn6r?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W98022-cwmtawe-medical-group.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emma Randall
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 4 stars
Emma RandallLocal Guide · 56 reviews · 32 photos2 weeks ago New

Author: P M
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
When ever i try and use the ap its always closed before its supposed to be and if you phone you cant get past the receptionists. Waste of time. They couldn't care less about you

Author: Where's Don Gone
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I couldn't believe i was stood behind a lady today who explained she was sent by the pharmacist to see her doctor immediately. The lady described all her symptoms. Headaches, lumps on her head etc etc No privacy, I heard it all. And the 20 something year old receptionist replied "Go on to ask my GP MONDAY!" I was aghast. The lady went onto say she was struggling with Ask my GP. The reply again, try Monday or phone or pop down Monday morning. Why does a non medically trained young girl think she can dish this out and not even consider the lady was sent by a pharmacist. Why couldn't she even pick up the phone to one of the many GPs on duty. I was totally appalled on the ladies behalf.

Author: Stephen Hanley
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting surgery rang up due to mental health have already explained my reasons why I will not be taking anti depressants was told id get a call within 5 days first I heard of anything was over 3 weeks later on patient knows best completely disregarding my concerns a d them decides to dump me back on anti depressants at a low dose which happens to be sedating went on askmygp what a useless site explained all my concerns only to be told then that the doctor hadn't even bothered listening to my concerns and goes ahead prescribing me the medication I refuse to take absolutely disgusted and will be raising a formal complaint as the doctors just want to drug you up but not even bother looking at natural alternatives when asked I will not be taking them a d if doctor is determined that I need them I will be seeking legal advice as this is beyond the joke now I could have ended up taking my life or ending up in cefn coed because this surgery failed to do it's job properly and ignored me

Author: angela howells
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Hopeless system, phones open 8am to 6pm, however they can't do anything after 8.30am as emergency only. Ask my GP also goes offline at 8.30am as emergency only , you can't make an appointment to see someone in advance you have to ring on the day( if you can get through before they go to emergency) although the website says you can upto 4 weeks ahead , this system is so frustrating. Ask my GP should be available 24 hrs to make a request , obviously we don't expect a response until working hours

Author: Tracy G
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
No problems getting an appointment appears to be an efficient and well run practice. Reception staff are helpful and courteous. Medical and Nursing staff are kind and attentive. Can’t really ask for more! However, don’t get me started on the pharmacy next door…. 😩 …

Author: Jonny Rees
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This is a review of the pharmacy and not that of the surgery. If you ever wanted to see a place where all employees are jobs worth's you've found the right place. Attitude from half of the staff is awful. Have asked for a prescription, got told they couldn't find it, then I mentioned it might be a batch, to then be huffed at and told that they needed to know that. The member of staff who has regularly asked that question in the past didn't this time. Am I to know of a new system they are using? Other times in the past they have lost the repeat note when collecting prescriptions. They have changed ownership since and this has been rectified, staff however, still the same.

Author: Steven Sharp
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I have finally moved and left this surgery, the nursing staff are fantastic and Doctors once you see them are ok, but there is a big BUT that is the administration they are the worst in the world ! Even today as my transfer was completed to my new doctors they messed up, collecting a paper and they had by their messaging system “Ask my GP” ( that’s the 24 hour a day service that is actually about 4 hours a day ) told me to collect at three pm so a 26 mile round trip later and I notice they gave me incorrect dates ! Fortunately my new doctor will sort.

Author: Sophie Bale
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This has to be the worst medical practice I have ever used. I have requested 4 times in the last 3 weeks for at least a phone call back from a practitioner although face to face would be preferred and have been denied every time. They changed my prescriptions without consulting me and the woman on the phone today was quite rude. It took me 17 attempts to call them today as the first 16 calls said user busy try again later. By the time I eventually got through the woman informed me it was to late in the day now and I should have phoned earlier. They need to invest in a better phone service. I only tried calling because they have closed ask my gp early AGAIN. I am struggling to understand how a 90 odd hour Jr doctor strike can allow for disrupted services for 2 weeks?

Author: angela hearne
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always brilliant,prompt care, exceptional, thank you
