Practice: THE MUMBLES MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: W98033
Postcode: SA3 5UA
Google Maps title: The Mumbles Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 16
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Mumbles+Medical+Practice/@51.5809377,-4.0071256,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e8b7a550d39a9:0x13fa5a4175306d62!8m2!3d51.5809344!4d-4.0045453!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1x6q15qw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W98033-the-mumbles-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Clare Ronald
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic service from the reception staff and the doctor I saw just before Christmas. He was clear and thorough and got me a hospital appointment for tests within 2 days. I and my family are very grateful

Author: Gemma Murray
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Registered my daughter for a temporary appt as here on holiday. The doctor we saw had a terrible manner. He didn’t want to know any history as she “wasn’t his patient”. He was dismissive and basically gaslit her. We are on holiday and only made the appointment as we were very concerned about ongoing symptoms over some months which had got worse. We would never had done this if we hadn’t been extremely worried which he failed to pick up on. She came out of the appointment and cried. I felt terrible as I hadn’t advocated strongly enough for her and hadn’t got all the information across due to his abrupt and dismissive nature. Maybe not all the doctors are like this here but the one we saw was awful. Updated from this once we got home we had a blood test and she was diagnosed with Leukemia. We will never forget the awful lack of listening to us at this practice.

Author: Julie R
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was an overseas visitor and was able to get an appointment with a doctor only after I went to the bank to get cash to pay. No card or cheque accepted it seems for a private patient. My receipt was a tear off paper copy similar to those used by a non business organisation and unable to be used for reimbursement. I was told on the 4/9/25 that a report would be sent by email to allow me to claim from my health fund, still waiting. The female doctor I saw was professional and pleasant but the diagnosis & treatment was way off. A course of penicillin for a BCC. I apologise for having to put my complaint on a public forum but there was no email option that I could find. Julie R

Author: Simon Jenkins
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've had two recent visits, for separate issues and saw a different Dr each time. Both were of an exceptional standard and I am a very happy patient. Appointments were given promptly, the doctors were excellent communicators and I was very happy with the outcomes on both occasions. Thank you.

Author: Helena Rees
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
In two years, I’ve twice had to write complaint letters to this surgery. Medical staff themselves are great but admin and management is appalling. When complaints are received, then they can’t do enough for us, but reverts after a while. Appointments incorrectly arranged/changed, unhelpful when attempting to make contact, refusal to use email for patients and carers, repeat prescriptions incorrect, some paperwork incorrectly completed necessitating repeated trips to pharmacy and back to Surgery for correction, and failure to adhere to HIW quality standards.

Author: Hermes Trismegistus
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude, abhorrent and obnoxious. Unhelpful and entitled. Disgusting service and behaviour. No wonder GPs and Practises have such a bad reputation. Close it down!

Author: John C. Algar
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having made an appointment to have a vaccination at a specific time, I was very pleased not to have to wait more than a couple of minutes after checking in at a very efficient but friendly Reception. After being called into one of the rooms, the Nurse was very friendly, and the vaccination went like a dream! In fact I hardly realised that she'd actually done the vaccination! All in all a most efficient and friendly team at The Mumbles Medical Practice, so thank you very much.

Author: Sarah Mclaughlin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
A shambles of a doctors surgery. Reception staff rude and unhelpful, waited over an hour for my appointment to be told by the doctor I looked ‘flustered’ when I went in. No apology, Disregarded my first concern, a real attitude problem, and then I walked out feeling uncomfortable discussing my real reason for being there. Do not join this surgery, my worst experience.

Author: Matt
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I really don't understand why this place has so many good reviews. I would like to start of by saying that the service, care and advice by the GPs and nurses are great. But, sadly this is very much overshadowed by the most incompetent and rude reception desk. It takes a lot for me to leave a poor review, I often don't feel it's necessary and understand that there is always more going on with a single bad experience with somebody. However, numerous times I have witnessed and been involved with the incompetencies of this surgery. Numerous lengthy delays on prescriptions when the turn around is stated to be 48 hours on the website - this is met by very snappy behaviour when ringing up to just enquire. Another, and by far the worst case, is the "loss" by reception staff of a stool sample of my partner. Now I won't go in to detail but she has a chronic condition and these tests are of utmost importance to her health. Upon giving another sample to replace the lost one, we called back a few weeks later after hearing nothing to hear that there was actually found to be an issue with her sample that needed addressing with the GP, but they didn't bother to ring and tell us. I don't feel comfortable that my own health and wellbeing is in the hands of this team. Again, the GPs and nurses are great, but sadly you have to wade through a barrier of incompetent and unfriendly staff before getting there. I understand that the NHS is suffering and that surgeries are very busy, but it doesn't hurt to be kind and compassionate to people who are worried for their own health AT THE VERY LEAST. This is important to us and it should be to you.

Author: Rebecca Treharne
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a family we absolutely love this dental practice, excellent service, brilliant staff and practitioners.. always a very warm welcome. A very relaxed vibe (especially for nervous patients). The highest level of treatment and guidance. Outstanding!
