Practice: RIVERSIDE SURGERY
Canonical code: W98035
Postcode: SA12 7BJ
Google Maps title: Riverside Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Riverside+Surgery/@51.6060354,-3.8119158,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e6735a5fdd4dd:0x23d3d720d0283d01!8m2!3d51.6060321!4d-3.8093355!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc3hfqwq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W98035-riverside-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Siani Osborne-keddy
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only 1 star as cant post with a zero, went with my partner to an appointment today as he has previously had issues with the doctor he was seeing. After nearly 30 yrs working with the NHS I have never witnessed a doctor who is so patronising and rude to his patients who are there to get help it was awful Dr R G has an attitude that was shocking and then to be told he cant do the 2 injections that my partner was meant to be having due to 2 doctors going off sick and him being 40 minutes behind already, what the hell, why should patients suffer due to stage shortages, haven't they seen how hospitals work when under pressure from staff shortages, yes other patients have to wait for others to get treated but they all get seen and treated. And yet even with other reviews stating the same doctor nothing is getting done. Been with this surgery 48 yrs and now looking elsewhere due to this. Surgery had massively gone downhill since the older doctors (Tracy/Hunt/Barnes & Coombes) had it. Absolutely disgraceful. Update.... practise manager (Nocola Wllis) has been no help what so ever always in a meeting, with emails replied within minutes and asked for a response which was given then nothing back, have asked for a face to face meeting but she's never available. Managers are meant to be helpful but we've not seen this in fact its been nothing but disgraceful how my partner has been treated.

Author: Peter Churm
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Nicky the practice manager stepped in when they were a nurse down to help me and my family out, can't fault her.

Author: Carly Prescott
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Riverside surgery is utter nonsense wouldn’t even waist your breath trying to book an appointment, they haven’t got a clue what there doing and when you book an appointment for something so small they still can’t fix your problem, makes you think “how are they still running” could literally be dying riverside surgery wouldn’t give a shit.

Author: paul Howells
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Total and utter shambles and also sheer incompetence I want to know the procedure to formally complain to your management team if you world be so kind

Author: Danie
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy with this GP, i have asked for a manager, and the receptionist said that she is not in the building. I should just make a complaint at the front desk. I have other complaints, but you can only go to the surgery and book for one complaint. As a nurse treating my patients well at the hospital, i did not get the excellent service that I give to my patients. The receptionist told me that if i have other illness i need to take a day off again the following day to be seen for 10 minutes. So if i have 5 illnesses, i need to go for off for 5 days and not work at the hospital. I have never experienced utter inefficiency of staff and GP service.

Author: Kristian Stark
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I went for an appointment for a trapped nerve in my neck that I've had for around 10 years. It's stiff and hurts daily, however sometimes it locks, leaving me unable to turn my head and in excruciating pain. During the appointment I've explained this , and received an examination. During the examination, I almost jumped out of my chair when the physician pressed part of my spine. I informed him it was really tender. I also had numbness and pins and needles in my left hand, which I explained to him. I left the appointment, and received my medical history for an unrelated reason. I was shocked to find that the physician stated my neck pain didn't exceed 6 weeks, no tenderness was exhibited, no numbness, and no pins and needles. This is but one negative experience with this practice, but one of the most serious due to the fact that my medical facts are being mis-represented.

Author: Bev Thomas
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrific service. Practise manager rude and unhelpful. Actually lost a prescription that was put in her hand. Whilst trying to sort out my hrt I've been laughed at, told it was a celebrity fad, had one doctor eat a packet of crisps down the phone at me. I've been sent for blood tests that did not test for hormones which I asked for. I've had a nurses appointment and when I've attended was told they couldn't do what the appointment was for. The list is endless. If someone from riverside told me the sky was blue I'd go outside to check ! Avoid at all costs

Author: Julie Poole
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fortunately I haven't had to visit a GP for a while and I was concerned about getting an appointment etc. I had a face to face appointment on the first day I rang the surgery, with a lovely GP who was extremely thorough. I have already got an appointment for an ECG. I know it doesn't work out like this for everyone at the present time but I have to give credit where it's due.

Author: conor omahoney
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Shambles, called first thing yesterday morning and decided to wait for a call back which I never received. Called back today as soon as the phone line opened and got told they were all booked up.

Author: Yusef Yattassaye
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Yusef Yattassayea year ago
