Practice: SKETTY & KILLAY MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: W98021
Postcode: SA2 9EA
Google Maps title: Sketty Surgery
Google rating: 3.1
Google review count: 64
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Sketty+Surgery/@51.6166709,-3.9877109,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e8b34b42c54e7:0x2b8d154811c02325!8m2!3d51.6166676!4d-3.9851306!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vljfs0h?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W98021-sketty-and-killay-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: paul dendle
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Over subscribed, getting an appointment is a lottery - it shouldn't be.

Author: Jordan Jones
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Not answering the phone at 8:37

Author: Sheela Agarwal
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This is the most shambolic practice I have ever come across. My father is end of life and quite frankly there has been little care or service provided by the practice, bordering on negligence. We did eventually get a visit from a paramedic but this was after we got social services and adult social care involved (whom I cannot praise highly enough). There is absolutely no thought for the user at all. You have to ring through the practice and after siting through a long winded speal, you might be lucky to get the opportunity for a call back sometime in the afternoon. Sometimes reaching this point may take several attempts! Most of the receptionists are surly and rude, and put a myriad of obstacles in one's way before agreeing to a call back. There is no human interface or real care dispensed by any of the clinicians; treated as though we are inconveniences and certainly no follow-up care whatsoever and as for reading patient notes, that really depends on which GP calls you back. What I find most distressing occurs in relation to end of life care. Having to go through this painful system is extremely distressing. There isn't even a dedicated number to ring when your loved one dies - you simply have to ring and take the chance that your phone call is answered. Reviewing and improving these systems doesn't cost any more money; it is about considering the user experience. It is currently a disgraceful service and the practice manager and all responsible should be ashamed of themselves!

Author: Dodgy Security Settings
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dodgy Security Settings2 months ago

Author: Yossarian Dunbar
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm currently standing at the reception waiting to pick up on a prescription. The receptionists are talking loudly about another staff member. They are aware of my presence, but could not care less. I don't know how long I will be standing here, but it has already been too long. They are not getting bored of their gossiping.

Author: Linda vaughan-williams
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A huge thank you to Dr Chris Mellor who was so very kind and caring to my husband this morning - I cannot praise him highly enough.

Author: J Shute
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
J ShuteLocal Guide · 44 reviews · 42 photos4 months ago

Author: S
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely cannot praise these medical centres highly enough. The entire staff, from GP’s to receptionists are helpful and approachable. High levels of professionalism across the board, always happy to try their best. Some patients will always find something to moan about due to their own negative attitudes to most things, however, these two medical centres are 5 star. Warm and welcoming surroundings with current medical facilities and general health updates always ready to hand. The buildings are architecturally interesting, and kept clean and orderly for the safety of all patients. Reliability is a prime virtue at these practices and feel genuinely confident that patients needs are meticulously addressed at every consultation. A huge well done to all. Thank you for providing a wonderful service to the locality :)

Author: jer 81
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP experience I've ever had in terms of getting information or answers on anything, and the general admin of a practice. It's like pulling teeth. Overwhelming sense of lethargy and disinterest from staff when you speak on the phone. They act like it's not their duty. Borderline negligent. 'Computer says no' attitude. They also offer an online registration, which would seem helpful, but after submitting all the data it didn't work. I did it three times. They pleaded ignorance. Wouldn't surprise me if the staff don't know how to use it. Totally incompetent. I've attended this practice many, many times over the last 30 years and it wasn't always like this, but now it's very much a case of AVOID!

Author: LL 369
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was recently seen by Dr Abdel Majid. Couldn’t have asked for a better consultation. I often find it difficult to assert myself and the pain I’m feeling. However, the Dr was very polite and non intimidating. Explained the previous advice and prescriptions I had, asked a lot of questions and was very proactive in next steps. The receptionist was also very lovely :)))
