Practice: ESTUARY GROUP PRACTICE
Canonical code: W98012
Postcode: SA4 3ED
Google Maps title: Estuary Group Practice
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Estuary+Group+Practice/@51.6505987,-4.0436269,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486ef3716c948ee5:0x445ab8eb961d5a5a!8m2!3d51.6505954!4d-4.0410466!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11fsmtvp5l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W98012-estuary-group-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Nia Stockdale
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Honestly if I could give a 0 stars I absolutely would. Can't get them to answer the phone, it kept ringing for 20 minutes before I got fed up and went into the surgery to be told that they can't help me and to ring up at 8am. Laura in particular of the reception staff is incredibly rude and patronising and will talk down to you especially regarding mental health. They say the fastest way to contact them is via ask my GP, which is open until 11am, it was offline at 9.30 and the first come first serve appointments are incredibly ridiculous and inefficient. Don't even get me started on the pharmacy. I've switched to the pharmacy across the road and they always have my script bagged up ready for me I'm in and out usually rather than waiting half an hr in the well pharmacy... don't go here if you can.

Author: Jess Leaver
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The staff are doing there best but thats as much as a compliment I can give, its incredibly hard to get appointments or ring at all Again I find myself months later still struggling, i was told I had a morning phone appointment only to wait all day, not be called, found out they didn't have my number even though ive asked multiple times to change it I dont know what to do anymore, im stuck.

Author: El
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are really helpful and deal with requests quickly. Aways seen by a gp when needed. Thank you all.

Author: Alex Mark Evans
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Been at this Surgery my whole life but this really has too be posted. Every single time ive seen certain doctors here, I wont name and shame but the duty of care by these Robots is vile. All they do is palm me off with medications (When seen) without proper investigation and duty of care!. Most of the times when needed or want too be seen seem sarcastic or talk down too you. Further more the receptionist staff are about as much use as chocolate teapots and dont try there best too do anything just palm you off with stupid sentances about the Dr cant see you today. At least try for your patients this Surgery used too actually care about people all they seem now is too palm you off its disgusting! Glad too be changing asap and would advise people too leave at the first oppurtunity!.

Author: Dee
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
DeeLocal Guide · 16 reviews · 4 photosEdited 2 months ago

Author: Mel Rich
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give zero stars I would , my son was totally failed by a nurse at gowerton surgery after contracting meningitis in the begining of the year he had to be revaccinated so when he went in for these I asked for a water sample bottle so my son could be tested for diabetes as I had concerns for the nurse to drip his waters and tell me he had the all clear when just 3 months later become very ill and was diagnosed with type 1 diabetes, I was in shock as I'd previously been told he was clear then to find out that's not how you would test ! Put a complaint in for the nurse to deny it all and basically call us all liers when even my 10 year old son remembers this clear as day! As if my son hasn't been through enough this year to then be failed by this nurse ! How that nurse sleeps at night is beyond me as she had delayed his treatment and we could have lost him if it wasn't for my motherly instinct! Then I later find out she is a nurse that specialises in diabetes absolutely shocking !

Author: Anya Russell
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My father had a recent visit to A&E and Gowerton Doctors text him asking to make an appointment regarding that visit. Today he called and I asked if they would make a face to face appointment due to feeling the need to express a few concerns regarding my father, the receptionist said that the doctor will call and they will make the decision whether he needs to be seen in person... My father's memory isnt the best and told the receptionist the GP text regarding his blood results which is incorrect, he gets confused and is quite forgetful which I know he will not disclose to the doctor. Very bad service. I now remember why I moved to Ty'r Felin.

Author: John
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shambolic

Author: Sara Parker
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
just called to make an appointment and got told to call back at 8 am and I will be triaged! I work I am not in a position to be able to wait all day for a call back from a doctor!

Author: Alex mathias
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don't know who the administrator is messaging me this morning on ask my GP but certainly no duty of care. Asked about my meds as I'm flying in a few hours and told me to go to the pharmacy and ask them? The pharmacy doesn't prescribe my meds my Doctor does and doesn't open until 9am
