Practice: CWMAVON HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: W98019
Postcode: SA12 9PY
Google Maps title: Cwmavon Health Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cwmavon+Health+Centre/@51.6167266,-3.7602747,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486e6783bb16abaf:0xf3754c22837aa5fb!8m2!3d51.6167233!4d-3.7576944!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc5wx9sv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/W98019-cwmavon-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Darren
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
A cracking example of the NHS

Author: Claire O’Steen
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What has happened to the duty of care? Nasty, uninterested, and totally unprofessional! Firstly, I was No4 in the queue, waited & waited only to be hung up upon. Phoned back again and was over 40 minutes in the queue again. I had a serious health concern and was dismissed by the call handler. Told ‘someone’ will call back- tomorrow! It’s not good enough. Nobody is interested, Annual check ups,, and routine blood work seem to be a thing of the past. Long term medication is cut off at a whim without any discussion with the patient. This is a terrible surgery, and with horrible staff.

Author: Boon
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My wife has suffered a ton at the hands of this "GP." They have refused to refer her to an ADHD psychiatrist for a diagnosis despite ongoing symptoms for the past 3 years. They referred her to an autism specialist service who flat out said they didn't know why she'd been referred to them, as they couldn't help her. They are now ignoring her requests to be referred to the gender clinic despite severe dysphoria making her intensely depressed, and keep messing up her antidepressant prescription to boot, despite clinical depression that leads to her sleeping for over 14 hours a day if it isn't managed. This "GP" doesn't deserve to continue existing. The Swansea Bay Health Board will be hearing from me regarding this location.

Author: Madi
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
MadiLocal Guide · 179 reviews · 737 photos5 months ago

Author: Peter Smith
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Shocking all round service. No care for the patients at all, not interested in helping and just try and palm off any issues on others.

Author: sharon flood
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Left on the phone for an hour and a half, I was caller no.5 they answered the first four by 10.45 that alone took three quarters of an hour then I was left from 10.45 to 11.30 only to be told there are no appointments left. They actually clicked on the phone three times to see if I was still on the other end but would not answer it. I told them I am going to put in a complaint to the doctor and she said ",suit yourself," and hung up. Tried again today as I have had sciatica for four weeks, absolute agony , yet again to be told the doctor won't see anyone with back pain. I am 68 years old. I have never known a doctor's like it. Absolutely disgusting. I always wondered why it was empty every time I went in there to get a prescription. Well I am not leaving it at that, I am getting on to the medical board next.

Author: Jake Leigh Ellis
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff sit there for 4/5 minutes laughing and giggling while your in the cue waiting to be seen, then have terrible attitude as if they are gutted they have to do their job before returning to their cups of tea. They are paid to make people welcome and support their needs not make them wait and then feel as if they shouldn’t be there. 1 lady is very nice and kind but the others need a little practice in how to be polite.

Author: Helen Walsh
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The male receptionist is polite and caring, he puts the female receptionists to shame. The nurses are great! To see a doctor is impossible. Can doctors really diagnose over the phone? According to the doctor I’ve had extensive tests, I don’t think so. Happy to give me more codeine just to get rid of me. Gaslighting has become an epidemic….

Author: Susan Taylor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Susan Taylora year ago

Author: tracy tandy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst communication I've ever seen at a surgery. Total lack of interest from reception staff, really poor attitude on some of them. Need a course in customer service I think. Ask my GP service exceptionally poor. Would give zero rating if I could. Took a pharmacist to diagnose something when the doctor said there wasn't anything to worry about. Major issues at this surgery should be addressed
