Practice: THE OM SURGERY
Canonical code: Y00026
Postcode: NG15 7JP
Google Maps title: The OM Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 47
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+OM+Surgery/@53.0351704,-1.2077889,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4879eaaa24ef863d:0x57a1578919a60a85!8m2!3d53.0351672!4d-1.2052086!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1pxq572tb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00026-the-om-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Rehana Basheer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are relatively new to the area and can honestly say we are extremely proud to be patients of this surgery. The level of care, professionalism, and kindness we have received has been outstanding. I would especially like to mention Parveen in the office, who was incredibly supportive and efficient when my husband was unwell and urgently needed blood tests. Her help and reassurance during that time made a difficult situation much easier to manage. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to Dr Jasmin, who has been exceptional in diagnosing and treating my recent health conditions. Her knowledge, thoroughness, and genuine care have made a significant difference to my health and wellbeing. Thank you to the entire team for providing such a high standard of care. We truly feel grateful to be registered with this practice.

Author: will Dorman
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very polite, caring and attentive

Author: Sian Gallant
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fantastic surgery!! Called in just to make an appointment and was seen straight away by the nurse between patients. The receptionist asked what I wanted to be seen about and asked the nurse if she could squeeze me in. I just wanted my ears checked for wax build up as they don’t do that at the pharmacy. It was very useful to know what I was dealing with after being seen. Reception is so unlike slot of other gatekeeping doctors receptionists. Super helpful, friendly and always a warm smile. 👍😀

Author: Krystal Doran
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went to see Dr. Robert’s today and I can honestly I have never felt more relaxed and calm in a doctors office. So reassuring and amazing! Thank you so much!!

Author: Ryan Spendiff
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I found it really difficult to get a GP since moving to my new address due to time contraints. The reception team were really helpful and friendly and this meant I was able to get the paperwork done in a day where, in Nottingham central, I didn't have a GP for over 2 years over the bureaucracy. Additionally, I had a health scare recently that I was afraid would either be very serious or trivial and not worth medical attention. However Dr Yasmin was incredibly understanding, talked me through what I was experiencing, assurred me that It was good that I was better safe than sorry, and dealt with me very professionally. I can safely say that this is the best NHS experience I have been through due to the concienous care of the staff.

Author: Courtney Elisha
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
the young apprentice was very helpful and kind. I’d give her a raise🙂🥰! …

Author: i shahid
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
i shahidLocal Guide · 26 reviews · 2 photosa year ago

Author: Lesley Commander
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely love this surgery Never have trouble getting appointments, A massive thank you to Shakira on the reception goes above and beyond to help and extremely polite even when patients are rude to her lovely young lady with a lot of respect ,also a massive thank you to nurse carol she’s just amazing and I feel very comfortable with her best nurse ever ,also dr Yasmin I’ve only met once when I had an appointment with my son absolutely lovely lady took her time with my son and explained everything to him This surgery is the best in hucknall

Author: Christine Ward
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never have a problem getting to see a doctor whom are all very good, been here for years and the staff are lovely especially the Lady with dark hair and fair complexion she went the extra mile for my hubby recently. Highly recommend this surgery.

Author: Robert Barratt
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Robert BarrattLocal Guide · 57 reviews · 4 photosa year ago
