Practice: CAMBRIDGE ACCESS SURGERY
Canonical code: Y00056
Postcode: CB5 8HB
Google Maps title: Cambridge Access Surgery
Google rating: 3.6
Google review count: 14
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cambridge+Access+Surgery/@52.2086991,0.1361092,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8708b8a2d43cf:0x83f738df423f192c!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8708b8a29f991:0xe4cf5d108c8caec6!8m2!3d52.2086958!4d0.1386895!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2ng1r1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00056-cambridge-access-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tom McBrinn
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Tom McBrinn2 reviews9 months ago

Author: Steven Davis
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff always polite and helpful always manage to get an appointment if needed . Also the phone is always answered and the GPS/nurses I have come across are professional and you feel listened to. ! 🙂 …

Author: Dane Toman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is no good they alway⁵ put the put phone I been trying for weeks

Author: Daniel Howe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful. Receptionist Maria doesn't like anybody getting appointments. Very annoying and rude. Had enough. Nowhere else to go.

Author: Oli
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
EDIT - After 20 weeks of homelessness I am back in a place now and have moved GP. Thank you to the people of CAS who helped me through a difficult time. I can't thank these wonderful people enough. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for listening and helping me.

Author: Gary Diggin
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I owe my life to the doctors at the access surgery. Have the highest regard for all of them.

Author: Wan
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
Only for homeless, alcoholic and drug. Don’t allow normal people to come inside.

Author: Tom Bain
Date: Edited 3 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Please note this is a surgery for homeless patients only, despite it not stating this anywhere on the website

Author: Sophie Depas
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I initially was resistant to registering here when I was homeless, because my sense of pride made me think I was more than capable of managing things like my medical needs. I didn't consider it necessary for me to attend a Gp specifically for homeless people. How wrong I was. They are so much more than that. Particularly for those experiencing substance abuse issues like myself. The practice was so incredibly nonjudgemental, open minded, sincere and supportive. They treated me like a person , not a rough sleeping junky. They didn't react to things that others may have. Like people's more challenging issues or behaviour. Instead they made extra effort to accommodate those people to be able to utilise the service as well as anyone else. Without causing upset to the challenging client or other clients. I cannot praise them enough. I personally believe that one of the key aspects to starting to live a functional and self respectful lifestyle is learning to love and respect oneself. After that, one may find the will to stop abusing substances. And live life fully. Simply having professionals available to me who treated me with respect and dignity (which everyone deserves regardless of ones status re housing or addiction) encouraged me to realise that is what I should expect from others. Society generally assumes that people experiencing these hurdles in life do so because they deserve it. I am fairly sure that everyone who is fortunate enough to become acquainted with those suffering from homelessness and/or addiction are surprised to find how untrue that is. The challenges that everyone I met when I was rough sleeping were such that just surviving them was incredible without the additional burden of sleeping in a shop doorway. And the general public can be cruel and nasty to a shocking degree. The stories my friends shared with me were stories of survival. Sometimes sleeping on the street can be the last straw. People find it hard to have the will to survive. The people in the access surgery never made me feel less than. I am now a support worker with homeless people. The Access Surgery definitely played a part in my road to recovery and survival. Mostly because they were kind, at a time when I was desperate for kindness.For that I am grateful.

Author: Tomas Balseris
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nice and friendly staff, working great job!
