Practice: THE DOCTORS HOUSE
Canonical code: Y00090
Postcode: IG3 8LF
Google Maps title: The Doctors House
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 190
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Doctors+House/@51.5649069,0.0927387,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8a42829c9cfcb:0x2f4214fac52ff1!8m2!3d51.5649036!4d0.095319!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1twyyt95?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00090-the-doctors-house.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Snigdha Mirza
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
very bad proceedure to get an appointment either its same day or 10 days. doesn’t matter. very bad service

Author: Aurela Bardhoshi
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP is crazy they don’t accept appointments they said morning session 8am and no one open the phone we don’t know where to go only at the emergency but even the emergency say why you don’t call your GP

Author: Victoria
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
It took multiple phone calls over three days to finally get an appointment after they sent me a text urging me to come in following my discharge from hospital. I waited over half an hour after my appointment time to finally see the most rude and abrupt doctor, he had to go elsewhere to find batteries for the blood pressure machine. He spent the whole consultation time (5 minutes) standing before opening the door while I was still talking. He gave me a prescription with no information about what it was or what it was for. I did report this to the reception staff but I don’t expect he will get the feedback. No bedside manner at all, more like a conveyor belt with no privacy. I felt very dismissed and not listened to.

Author: xena V
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The receptionists are misinformed and argue with patients. Why isnt there a poster of how you can complain about the rude behaviour . Their is a poster to inform how staff abuse is dealt with. They seem to go on a power trip while speaking to the patients.

Author: Akram Uddin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
IKRAM KHAN- I spoke to the manager today I explained to him I done an online application 8 months ago to join the doctors house as I was living away from area and I left the GP but was with them for my whole life. I explained to him my application I did they didn’t sign me up, I then done another application 2 weeks ago and I explained my situation to him that I need a GP to sign up too as I suffer from serious asthma he didn’t give one care in the world and just laughed and told me to wait the person isn’t in work for the next 4 days. These Manger Ikram Khan is a joke at the GP he doesn’t care about his clients

Author: Md Maruf
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really don't like to give any review for this surgery. Such unprofessional service that they provide. I am not even the patient in the surgery, booked flu vaccination appointment through NHS website, came to have it done but surgery was locked and no one was there. Don't know if this is something someone ever experienced.

Author: NASRIN NASRI
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to express my sincere appreciation for Julia, the receptionist at our GP surgery. She consistently demonstrates kindness, patience, and professionalism in every interaction. Her warm smile and respectful manner create a welcoming environment for all patients. Whenever I attend an appointment and Julia is present, I feel at ease and free from stress. Her calm and courteous approach truly enhances the overall experience at the clinic. Julia is a valuable member of the team, and her dedication to excellent service does not go unnoticed. I extend my best wishes to Julia for continued success and happiness. Seddigheh Nasri

Author: samah chowdhury
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful service! Rude reception staff who think they know everything even though I was very nice and friendly! They speak to you as if you don’t know English or are illiterate. They say abuse to staff isn’t tolerated yet they are allowed to abuse us patients. Disgusting. A investigation should be done into this practice. Would give 0 stars if possible

Author: Chase Adams-Huseyin
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Ikram Khan is a terrible practice manager, has no idea what he is doing. Extremely rude, discriminatory and the LEAST of his concern is patient health. Genuinely never had so many issues with 1 medical personnel before. Everyone else at the surgery is lovely but ikram the so-called "practice manager" is a genuine joke. Had I'm refuse me my medical treatment on numerous occasions in the last 3 years, all listed, dated and recorded. I would advice you NOT to register here. Change GP to oak tree medical centre instead.

Author: Nadia Ahmed
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nothing new that you call for an advanced appointment and they have nothing available for at least 8eeeks and when you call the emergency line e for the on the day appointments you get told after 1 hr of holding nothing available But today was a shocking and disgusting experience I used econsult for a repeat prescription and was told via txt to book an apt When I called I explained that the medication was not on her repeat but should be as she has been regularly prescribed The receptionist told me she will need to check with the medical team I assumed a doctor 🤣. But she came back after 10min of holding that the medical team had said I need to book an apt I asked which doctor had said this and on probing she said the other receptionist Maryam is the medical team !🤣 Seriously when did receptionist start making decisions for doctors ! No need to go Med school just work as a receptionist Seriously get this surgery In order!!!!
