Practice: CATHEDRAL MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: Y00185
Postcode: CB6 1DN
Google Maps title: Cathedral Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.9
Google review count: 45
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Cathedral+Medical+Centre/@52.4133012,0.2724159,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8139a6c9ed99d:0xedbff510ca7ddf74!8m2!3d52.413298!4d0.2749962!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdn_qkq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00185-cathedral-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Adriana
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Some of the receptionists could do with a refresher in customer service, apart from Valerie. Valerie is an absolute sweetheart, very friendly, compassionate and keen to help the patients in any way she can. I hope I got her name right. Major shout out to Dr Piccaver. What an amazing, compassionate, intelligent and skillful doctor. If only the other doctors at the surgery were half of the doctor he is. Every time I booked an appointment with him, one way or another my problem got solved. He was very reassuring when I went with my son, I actually felt like someone listened to me for once and my child got the help he needed. He also advocated for me to receive better treatment for a problem that was ignored. To the other doctors at the surgery, this is a very kind reminder that actually listening to your patients and advocating for them is what leads to better treatments and outcomes. I couldn't forget Dr Thomas, another amazing doctor and I hope she returns soon. She only saw me ONCE and was able to offer the help I needed for a problem that other doctors at the surgery have continuously dismissed for almost 8 years. I can honestly say she saved me as my mental health was deteriorating due to this problem not being dealt with. Hopefully, there will be more doctors like them at some point.

Author: Natasha Drage
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can honestly say I had an appointment with Hannah she was so lovely and polite made me feel very secure and just a general pleasant appointment for someone that’s nervous about the doctors Hannah’s definitely your person so thank you

Author: Angela
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Attended with elderly mother (I’m not from these parts) and would struggle to be more impressed. Booking in system was simple and called and escorted into the consulting room at the appointment time. Doctor (Dr Tough) was excellent. Spent time discussing my mum’s symptoms, did not rush, was kind, compassionate and thorough. Very impressed by the whole consultation and the follow ups/referrals that have been made. Many thanks.

Author: Josie
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception staff,nurses and doctors are so kind,helpful and treat you with respect and care.

Author: Sam Youngs
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
No prescription box for when surgery is closed

Author: It is Me
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Positive experiences. Responsive and helpful.

Author: Katie Roberts
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been at cathedral medical centre for 4 months now, the reception team, and nurses have always been very helpful and friendly. I also wanted to mention Dr Piccaver, I have never had such a great doctor, or felt as helped and understood before. He always makes me feel heard and really takes his time. I am extremely grateful to be under his care. Thank you team at Cathedral!

Author: sandra Allsebrook
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusted by the unprofessional pharmacy assistant that delayed providing the vital medication needed for my husband even though I myself ,and his care home team , and the jet team , flagged up he needed the meds immediately ,and because of his delay , my husband ended up having to spend a week in addenbrookes, which would have been avoided had it not been for his incompetence I shall be reporting this person to higher authorities as this is in my estimation is gross misconduct of customer care thankfully to the staff at addenbrookes who looked after him he's now happily back in his room with the lovely Lily House care team whom I know will look after him in their lovely caring professional manner

Author: Rachel Hills
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I had to join this surgery 11+ years ago , now I have moved 4.2 miles away, they are forcing me to change surgeries. When a lot of things are and have been happening the last twelve months this is the last thing I need, right now.

Author: COZMA CRISTIAN
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My time at this place was a nightmare. My 6-year-old daughter was neglected and it could have been life-threatening if I hadn't taken her to the A&E. Thankfully, I changed to St Mary Surgery in Ely where the care is exceptional, even during busy times and with frequent phone line issues. They have never let us down.
