Practice: WILLOWS HEALTH
Canonical code: Y00137
Postcode: LE5 4LJ
Google Maps title: Willows Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 407
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Willows+Medical+Centre/@52.6347796,-1.0897633,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4877616017492623:0xbaa7b53e81554a0e!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877616054149f7f:0xc9e8d54d69cd2fdf!8m2!3d52.6347764!4d-1.087183!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td_grn0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00137-willows-health.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: les whitten
Date: an hour ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very hard to see the doctor I like Dr milingo but she is very helpful and caring for me

Author: Ian
Date: an hour ago
Rating: 5 stars
Elaine is Conscious lady knows her Job is beautiful inside and out.

Author: Sue Renshaw
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Having very good experience in the past . Today was a very different one . Having told to ring and make an appointment with the Doctor. I was told no appointments left this week . Ring next week which I have done today the Receptionist was not very nice or help.saying no appointments in the future.i said does that mean I have to ring as an emergency in the morning all he said was I cannot tell you what to do .it is a shame that the Doctors are let down with some bad receptionist.

Author: Halax Strider
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
** This is the old review part, please see my newer comments at the bottom because I feel differently now about the surgery a lot but would like still to keep what was initially said for comparison sake / to show the improvement on previous vs. now, as they have improved massively: ** --- Old Review from 2024-ish from memory -- Extremely poor service. Put in prescription request over 72hrs, regularly they miss it then claim they have no idea about it. Ask for help with something and it's "so and so receptionist can deal with that, come back when they're here" when the person you just spoke to is on reception too. It has always been hit or miss whether my prescription gets picked up each month sometimes it does other times like now, they don't check emails or respond very rarely. I don't have an issue with the doctors.. Nancy Maningo especially is lovely. It's mostly the receptionist and really poor service when booking or trying to get your repeat prescriptions sorted. Nurses have always been good with blood tests, and very friendly - the GPs I see are all good. It is just awful reception and customer service side which is very frustrating to deal with. Also can echo the fact many times you ring even at 8am, you will not be answered until 9:50 sometimes, and then no appointments left. This has happened to my mother many times. NHS cuts are a problem but for me the biggest issue is how many times I put in my prescription every month for it to be missed and then I have to chase to a receptionist who says they know nothing about it. I am now out of my medication I take daily and again today, dealing with clueless receptionists who claim they haven't received anything... it was in writing to you via email the same way it is done every month..! -- Update from 2025 - Improvements made hugely -- I am updating my score as the service has improved considerably with no issues to my prescriptions anymore, plus they were majorly helpful in helping me with urgent care for an infection. I had seen the urgent care doctor at another clinic for a serious ear infection but no pharmacy had the antibiotics. When I rang Willows as my local GP they got me in to see a doctor immediately and change the antibiotic item to one in stock which has Seriously helped me as the pain was spreading to my jaw and face earlier and I feared it could get worse without any antibiotics. I was so relieved as I feared not addressing it today would have caused it to get worse. But overall my comments from 4 months to now are vastly different as the surgery seems to have improved a lot and I'm no longer having the same issues as I was having. I think theres still a bit of issues with getting appointments in the morning which seems to be a universal NHS doctor strain so not specific to the practice but overall I was really grateful they heard out what I had said and are improving a lot. Thank you -- More update as of March 2026 -- The service still is improving, and I think even getting in now is easier. I've had more opportunities to book in fairly quick as I have regular bloodwork done and check ups and it's been a lot easier to get everything in place. They also send me text reminders to book in which makes it simple as sometimes I have a lot of different check ups so I can keep track of it better. A few times I've rang in and been offered an appointment on the same day or few days later. I haven't a clue what they did but they definetly got the surgery to improve massively over the last year. Theres a lot more opportunity to feed back as well now with links to say how your experience was which we didn't used to have so this is allowing the management to look into people's issues more effectively. Overall I would stay with my current GP surgery as I have no issues anymore and everything has been going really smoothly for me.

Author: Hollie Hopewell
Date: Edited a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful place. I can't count the number of times they've not bothered to call me to tell me I need a medication review until AFTER I'm due to start the medication. I can put the request through a month in advance and they won't bother to call me. The appitomy of unprofessionalism. They then can't be bothered to put me through for a check for another two bloody weeks after I'm due to start it. This isn't a medication I can go without. Abysmal servis and incompetent reception staff. Edit: been 3 weeks since I requested my medication. Went in for a pill check over a week ago. Went back to the chemist to pick it up and they still haven't requested it. I'm out of the country next week. By the time they bother to put it through I'm gonna be a month over due. This is the worst Dr's I have ever gone to and in this day and age thats saying something. Don't bother going here. Find somewhere else. The reception staff are arrogant and hang up on you all the time.

Author: Ayse Topbas
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
I came to Willows Medical Centre for a blood test and saw Ms. Lala. She was very kind and professional in her work. Taking blood from me is difficult, but she did a great job. I thank her very much.

Author: Zber 76
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Very difficult to see GP.

Author: Tony Lambeth
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very pleased with my GP. At Heather Brook.

Author: Kiran Patel
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Elaine Sihlabo has looked after me for the last 5 months dressing my wound. She is an excellent practice nurse, very kind , caring, curtious and always going above and beyond to treat the patient always smiling and polite also very supportive. Fitted me in with early appointments to accommodate my work pattern. Kind regards Kiran Patel

Author: Tracy Smith
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm disabled/ housebound when I get appointments from the willows I do my best to make them. Anyway I got asked to make appointment for blood test which I went to then few days later . Was texted again make appointments for results So I went 25th Feb 2026 saw my GP was told everything was OK with my results so I asked why I not been told that in a text message like normal I'm in alot of pain when I have to go out I have to get taxis so money I didn't need to pay Won't be doing it again in a hurry
Practice response date: 4 years ago
Practice response:
We are very sorry to hear that you feel the quality of care at the practice has deteriorated over your time with us. We are a very busy practice and offer the choice of booking appointments online or via telephone. Our busiest hours are … More
