Practice: HEDINGHAM MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: Y00293
Postcode: CO9 3BY
Google Maps title: Hedingham Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 19
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hedingham+Medical+Centre/@51.9900452,0.5963659,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d8f83869042b7b:0x1f72f0a55e239fba!8m2!3d51.9900419!4d0.5989462!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j084dtl7?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 3
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00293-hedingham-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tamsyn Cook
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This was initially a 4-star review that has been amended after having had several more experiences with this surgery over time. I had a very positive experience with two of the doctors at Hedingham Medical Centre previously. Supportive, caring and professional. Their service could not be faulted and I was very grateful to be seen with such promptness. An improvement, however, could be seen in displaying more consistent listening skills across the receptionist team. I felt that some staff members have frequently and abruptly interrupted me to rush to a solution - on the phone and in person - while I have been trying to explain a situation; this has been quite frustrating and has resulted in my having to re-explain and chase results in my own time. The results which I chased were going to be ‘put on the digital system’. We drove to my old surgery, requested a print out of the blood results and drove back to Hedingham Medical Centre, delivering these very results by hand and were assured that these would be reviewed by a doctor. Whether that happened cannot be confirmed as nothing was ever viewable on the online record. I ended up having to have a repeat blood test which was frustrating after investing lots of time into accessing the previous results. The staff didn’t really seem to care. After several attempts to find out the results, I told the receptionist staff that I was just about ready to give up due to having so many obstacles. One of the receptionist team replied ‘so I don’t have to bother with this then?’. Pretty much sums up my whole two-month experience so far. I have also been told quite unprofessionally by reception and admin staff that ‘things take time’ when asked on several occasions to view historical medical data (on the same system!) and to have access to my baby’s online account to view vaccination data. It will almost have been a two-month wait… compared to our previous surgery with the same ‘systm online’ account who set it up within two minutes before my very eyes… and access was immediate so I know it can definitely be done ! The reception staff are very quick to talk over you and shut you down at the Hedingham Medical Centre. It has been such a frustrating experience so far. Reception staff also talk about you, your full name and your medical situation by shouting across the office for all of the waiting room to hear - I’ve never seen anything like it. Whilst it is fully appreciated that a public role is demanding, I remain hopeful that listening without interruption and displaying some degree of elegance when dealing with patients will help all parties in the long run. Having been witness to other conversations when in the waiting room, however, I unfortunately don’t hold out much hope for any meaningful change. The reception and admin staff very much let down the medical staff at the Hedingham Medical Centre. Longing for long-term change.

Author: Marie Ward
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Spend ages on the phone for an appointment then they have none

Author: Daniel McCabe
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Service seems stretched with long wait times even for a phone appointment and it's quite hard to see a Dr or nurse practitioner. However, staff are usually friendly and all the medical people I've seen or spoken to have been great. Sometimes the admin is nonsensical and frustrating though.

Author: TwistedDTM
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They won't even allow you to book a doctor's appointment in the first place. If you don't beat every worried mother to the phone that morning and manage to get one of the few spots for that day, you get the pleasure of dying slowly of preventable/treatable issues. Like your worries of cancer or other serious problems suddenly disappear over night and just you won't turn up to your appointment or something. It's pathetic and I'd be better off if I'd never have changed doctors after I moved here years ago. Might have to drive 35 miles for an appointment, but at least I was allowed to book one.

Author: caroline smith
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Last year I moved from Halstead Surgery to Hedingham Medical Centre and I think the staff and Doctors are excellent. The receptionists are friendly and helpful, the doctors and nurses attentive and professional. My mother has been particularly poorly and they have gone above and beyond to help her with advice, treatment and referrals. They don't rush you through an appointment and they listen to your concerns. I've always been able to get an appointment on the same day, however if your in for a long wait to make one, there's a call back service...and they do call you back. As far as i'm concerned they knock spots off the Elizabeth Coultard surgery.

Author: Dora Mae Maughan
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not upset, just disappointed.

Author: Tina Lambert
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can't fault my experience today. I used the ring back to make app. I was phoned back within 20 mins by receptionist. App given for this Am Seen by Dr Davies She was so lovely x A real positive experience ✨️

Author: Amanda Keeler
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Amanda Keeler3 reviewsa year ago

Author: Steve Stares
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff have always been wonderful so 5 stars for them. The 1 star is for the Drs. I only have faith in one Dr but have only ever spoken on phone. In their own words “our dispensary keeps our surgery going”. Probably why they keep trying to get me onto statins. Don’t know why they keep mentioning Gt Yeldham surgery as it’s been closed for ages

Author: Tasha
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an incredibly frustrating experience with the receptionists at this facility. Their attitude was appalling; they completely disregarded the urgency of my request and were rude, shouting, and even hung up on me. Specifically, the conduct of Justine, Connie, and Linda was unacceptable. I firmly believe that receptionists should be replaced with trained medical staff who can effectively assess patient needs. It's unsafe to have non-medical personnel triaging patients, as it can lead to critical delays in care and potentially dangerous situations. This experience has raised serious concerns about patient safety and the quality of care provided. Immediate changes are necessary to ensure that patients receive the attention and professionalism they deserve.
