Practice: GREEN CEDARS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: Y00612
Postcode: N18 1RP
Google Maps title: Green Cedars Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Green+Cedars+Medical+Centre/@51.6160974,-0.0766759,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761ebe8a7e953b:0xc8cda91fac7c0f24!8m2!3d51.6160941!4d-0.0740956!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1v5k2hg0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00612-green-cedars-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Riza Cetin
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I Gone with my girl friend last week to gp I am writing to express my deep disappointment regarding my recent experience at your neighborhood doctor’s office. The doctors and staff there have consistently displayed an extremely aggressive, disrespectful, and mocking attitude towards patients. This behavior not only affects me personally but also impacts the ability of all patients to receive proper healthcare. I want to emphasize that such conduct is unacceptable and must be rectified immediately. I urge you to take the necessary steps to ensure that patient satisfaction and dignity are prioritized. I expect that my complaint will be taken

Author: amal
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
To be honest i don’t think all of them are rude but for me not the first but many times i call there is one lady which is very rude her voice is loud not even polite and it’s not nice to speak with someone who is calling because they not feeling well I wouldn’t call if i wasn’t sick and i can’t wait to change from this GP

Author: HammoudiTV
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude staff !

Author: GhostPlaysX
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely awful! AVOID THIS GP!! Been going to this drs for a few years now as I moved to this area around 2023 time and it is the only drs close near me. Well all I can say is good luck trying to get a diagnosis or anything as Dr TOPIWALA-TAILOR doesn’t care at all. Her tone is rude and she’s disrespectful and doesn’t care about your wellbeing! I was trying to get diagnosed with autism as it runs on my dads side and my brothers have it and my old GP, family and old school had noticed traits of ASD.I took a questionnaire and got discharged from the ASD clinic straight away and told dr Topiwala about it so I could get retested and she wouldn’t let me. I also had problems with my sleep a while ago and talked to dr Topiwala about it and she did absolutely nothing about it no help or anything. I also tried to get a diagnosis of carpal tunnel syndrome and talked to her again and did absolutely nothing! I asked her about carpal tunnel syndrome been a genetic issue as my mums side has it and she didn’t know anything and never told me what the issue was!! She really doesn’t care for people at all and I can get more information off of Google than from her. The staff are very lovely though and I have seen another female dr there who seemed really nice but just dr Topiwala is awful and no help whatsoever. Think it’s time for me to sign up to another GP!

Author: Melisha McKenzie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Melisha McKenzie2 reviews6 months ago

Author: Serkan Urus
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Could well be the worst GP in the country. Where do I even start? The receptionists are arrogant, dismissive and act like they are doctors, at times trying to give you medical advice. They don’t want to give appointments and try to address and end your phone call without actually booking you an appointment. Then if you do get an appointment you don’t even get to see a doctor, they call you and rush you on the phone, I can get more help from ChatGPT than a doctor nowadays. They are so passive and really do not care for your well being. I was trying to get an appointment for my mum who is not very good with technology and as we do not live together they kept sending my mum messages and calling her to upload images onto a system, and put information on there. She lives 2 minutes from the GP it would be so much easier just to see her. Anyway, horrible experience every time, these doctors get paid for using Google and not caring for patients.

Author: miranda marianna
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely Disgraceful GP Practice – Avoid If You Value Your Health I have never felt more let down or neglected by a healthcare provider. Despite having a history of three consecutive miscarriages, this GP practice has shown zero urgency, compassion, or initiative in investigating the underlying cause. It wasn’t until I went private and saw a competent gynecologist that I finally received the care I needed – and thanks to her, I am now having a successful pregnancy. The GP surgery? They did absolutely nothing to support or help me during the most critical times. The receptionists are cocky, arrogant, and dismissive, speaking to patients as if they’re an inconvenience rather than people genuinely in need of help. It’s appalling how they treat women going through vulnerable, high-risk pregnancies with such attitude and no empathy. To make matters worse, I’ve had a serious infection for over a month. I went privately to get a urine test, which confirmed a positive infection. But when I did the same test with the GP, they claimed it was negative and just shrugged it off — despite my high-risk history. It feels like they’re actively trying to get rid of my pregnancy rather than protect it. There is no basic use of medical judgement or care — just complete negligence. If you are pregnant, especially high-risk, stay far away from this practice. They are more likely to put your pregnancy in danger than protect it. At the point you rather be in debt to friends and family and go private to pay for your health because i genuinely have a gp for no reason since i constantly have to pay for private visits and have a doctor actually use their brains to give me the best medical advice and service. They deserve -5 stars 1 star is even too much! Not surprised why people in the UK have serious health problems it’s because of GP surgeries like this people die, due to their medical negligence!

Author: aygul ahmedova
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Veryyyy bad

Author: My Budgies1
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
My Budgies14 reviews · 6 photos10 months ago

Author: Intaz Hussain
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I got a text advising that I make an appointment for RSV vaccine since 18th February, 2025. I called immediately requesting an appointment. Receptionist told me to call back one week later as there were no slots available. I did and was told the same thing. I called back today 3rdMarch, 2025 and was told that there was no slot available until the following week. The same receptionist answered my call. She gave me a date for one week later. I accepted. When I was about to air my dissatisfaction, she promptly downed the phone; I heard the loud sound. One question: why does a patient have to reveal their reasons for calling, giving detailed information before an appointment is made? They are receptionist not medical professionals. Should patients have reveal personal/ confidential reasons to them instead of the doctor? I have been at this practice for years and i fear calling to make an appointment at the detriment of my health. They are not being professional at the reception. They need to have some form of refresher courses in interaction with patients or find another job.
