Practice: BRANDON MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: Y00774
Postcode: IP27 0AQ
Google Maps title: Brandon Medical Practice
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 31
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Brandon+Medical+Practice/@52.4484592,0.6201727,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d830d271d79a7b:0x536f209d4747b297!8m2!3d52.448456!4d0.622753!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tmxdtrg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00774-brandon-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Oliver Vine-Ford
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
I used askmyGP as suggested and left a new message regarding my eczema, Dr Hutchinson replied about this and but also mentioning a previous issue I had messaged about. They replied very rudely then closed my message. I do not recommend this GP...

Author: sarah jane read
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
My poor dad has been a patient for years , he had a blood test the other day and got the times mixed as he is 82 years old 83 this year. He waited 20 minutes and asked about his appointment and was honest and said he got his times mixed up, because he was 10 minutes late they said they couldn't book him in when we all know they could. My mum is in hospital and he really needed this blood test, this along with the chemist blaming the doctors and them blaming the chemist for getting my parents medication completely wrong for 3 weeks running is disgusting. What harm would it have been to let him have his blood test? Correct none

Author: R A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I feel bad giving this rating as the receptionists are absolutely lovely as well is the main manager. But a lot of the Drs are incredibly rude. Told me that it’s suspicious im having loads of time off work being in my late 20s I explained I am suffering from a chronic disability and have injured soft tissues which still hurt. To which she replied “oh come on now” complete lack of professionalism and honestly really hurtful to be told I am lying

Author: Louise Smith
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Such amazing Staff, so reassuring and incredibly informative. Thanks for putting me at Ease Natalie 🙂 …

Author: Craig Leon
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely poor excuse for a doctors surgery. I've been asking time and time to see a doctor and all they do is phone call. I think the doctors at this surgery are usless

Author: KDB Suff
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
They don't respect parental rights at all. Drs try and encourage young teenagers to go direct with appointments and prescribe medication to them. They forget that the parents need to pick up the the medicine from the pharmacy. Totally against BMC guidelines..

Author: Mary Shinn
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went to see nurse

Author: Kerina Murray
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
This review is for the lovely nurse Natalie Chandler :) She always remembers who I am and the issues I've had, even though she would have seen thousands of patients in-between my visits each year! She remembers my issues in a genuine and caring way. She's a lot different than just reading someone's file for an update, she see's her patients as people with feelings, not just another person to tick off and rush through which so many medical professionals do. She's very empathetic and kind, and always makes smear tests completely pain free! I highly recommend any woman who is nervous/scared about smear tests (or any female related issues) to go to her. She will make you feel safe and put you at ease. She's the best nurse...she just gets it! The practice are very, very lucky to have her and I hope she never leaves! I wanted to give her the recognition she most definitely deserves, so decided to write this review. Thank you Natalie :)

Author: Jerry Willin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Jerry WillinLocal Guide · 26 reviews · 17 photosa year ago

Author: Ragnar Longdog
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an appointment with Dr. Aderinsola Aminu recently. She didn't smile from start to finish of the appointment, not even when she greeted me. She showed zero empathy and compassion, and came across quite cold throughout. Aren't doctors supposed to be warm and kind? Especially when the issues you have are sensitive and incredibly personal. At one point, I was explaining how one of my symptoms started, she didn't acknowledge anything I said or ask any follow up questions. She just kept typing and then changed the topic, dismissing the information. She didn't want to listen nor cared about what I said or about me as a person, that much was obvious. The receptionists and nurses are always so lovely, she should take a leaf of out their book. I'll be changing practice soon because I don't want to feel like a nuisance and like I'm going to a harsh job interview when I go to the doctor for help.
