Practice: THE WESTBOURNE GREEN SURGERY
Canonical code: Y00902
Postcode: W2 5ES
Google Maps title: The Westbourne Green Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 89
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Westbourne+Green+Surgery/@51.5205111,-0.1934677,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48761006daf2f703:0x15788e6bf9ce2feb!8m2!3d51.5205078!4d-0.1908874!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1trc4fmv?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y00902-the-westbourne-green-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gabriella Glinsman
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Horrible “GP” called Alex Goorich, firstly he was chewing gum the whole consultation loudly and secondly he was extremely rude with no respect. Very unprofessional, asking about my previous prescriptions, asking “How come you had this medication prescribed???”, which has annoyed me a lot because they only give us 10 minutes to explain only one issue, I was there to see my knees. In addition, every time I go to the GP they book me with different GP, so basically I don’t know who is my GP. Nevertheless, I twisted my knees in a trip and he told me to go back to that country to do a MRI just because I asked him how long approximately it would take for me to get a MRI in London. I am using crutches because the previous doctor recommended that and he got mad because I asked him to respectfully open to door for me saying that if I cannot even open the door I wouldn’t be able to go to the gym, because one of my questions was how do I strengthen my muscles to help the pain. This was extremely unprofessional and unnecessary.

Author: Maria Soutemenoglou
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
My experience with the administrative side has been disappointing. I encountered several issues that felt avoidable and poorly handled, particularly regarding a mix-up between the Westbourne Green and Connaught Square surgeries. The situation was frustrating and could have been resolved more efficiently. I would like to specifically acknowledge only Raihan at reception, who was professional, proactive, and genuinely helpful in resolving the issue. His approach stood out positively. I hope the practice can review its administrative processes and customer service standards to ensure a professional experience for patients.

Author: tss beat
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude , never visiting back

Author: Iman Haidr
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
After my last review, the issue with the rude receptionist was addressed, which I really appreciate. However, there is now another ongoing problem: there is often no doctor available at this practice. I am repeatedly sent to other surgeries such as Edward or Paddington GP to be seen. I registered here specifically because it is close to where I live, so having to travel elsewhere defeats the purpose. I don’t understand why there aren’t enough doctors available, or why there is no cover when a GP is sick. This has been very frustrating.

Author: delka neri
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I Very appreciate it 😊 🙌 🖐 …

Author: Gian Velo
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Everyone at this GP that I have interacted with in person are generally very friendly, but the same cannot be said about whoever picks up the phone when you call. I called this morning at 8:00 on the dot and when I explained that I had been vomiting last night and regurgitating stomach acid this morning, the unbothered sounding man told me I can get an appointment on Sunday. When I asked for today, he told me that it is “not possible”. When I asked why and asked about alternatives, like a telephone call, he again ignored my suggestion and said you should call back tomorrow if you’re still ill, but I couldn’t get an appointment because I had “stopped coughing”. What I told him was I haven’t coughed yet today, but I assume I would because I was yesterday. So tell me why he decided to change my words and tell me that I’ve already stopped coughing? Bear in mind I had explained how I’ve been REGURGITATING STOMACH ACID THIS MORNING. DO YOU THINK I HAVE TIME TO COUGH??? MY MOUTH AND STOMACH IS GOING THROUGH ENOUGH!! After very clearly stating I needed an appointment TODAY, the silly man sounded fed up of giving it to me and couldn’t even have the basic decency to say you’re welcome or that’s all good now after I said thank you… And I wonder how he got me an appointment in the end, given that he previously told me that it was “not possible”. The automated call line talks about being respectful to staff and the call being recorded, but maybe they should look into their own staff and how respectful they’re being. Don’t call, go in person because their team is a disgrace. But yet again, you’d call for a reason wouldn’t you? Because you’re sick and can’t go in person at 8am to book an appointment. Horrible calling service, if you’re looking for a GP just go somewhere else.

Author: Emilie Darrousez
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The organisation of this surgery is far better than any other I have experienced in London. The doctors are all very helpful, listen to patients and go the extra mile to make sure you are getting the right treatment.

Author: Анастасия Omar
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I like staff there, they are great, bigger space in a waiting zone, nearby small square park area where you can sit outside and wait for your appointment time also

Author: Noshin Ali
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Its used to be a very good surgery but last 5 years it's getting worse and worse. We have changed our surgery...

Author: Dounia Rashid
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The practice has become rubbish ever since Dr Phipps left ! Rude staff lazy and unprofessional ! They charge for everything double the price a few years ago !
