Practice: WEST COKER SURGERY
Canonical code: Y01163
Postcode: BA22 9AH
Google Maps title: West Coker Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 37
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Coker+Surgery/@50.9206114,-2.6880535,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48726a4a05aae823:0x84007909c1dc14a1!8m2!3d50.920608!4d-2.6854732!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tkn_7fr?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01163-west-coker-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Gillian Keogh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery is useless. I've been registered for over 24 years and I have finally decided to move. Following Covid times I still haven't seen a doctor. My records are incorrect - apparently I've had a Hip replacement, news to me, the receptionists are entitled and I have no idea how they managed to get their doctors degree, or they assume they have one. I called again to see where my referral from last Monday is, apparently the locum doctor ticked the wrong box on the form but Dr Smith refused to tick it for me, I've been his patient for over 20 years . I now have to go on a list to speak to the secretary and she only calls once a week. No aftercare. My son hates calling the doctors as the receptionists wants to know everything, don't know why as they get the message wrong anyway. I'm, as you can tell, furious.

Author: S BD
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Diagnosis and consultation by text message, the receptionists are very nice

Author: Michelle Pulford
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I joined this surgery back in 2024 when I moved to the village, it’s the worst surgery I’ve ever been too, a while ago my son wasn’t well and projectile vomited every where I called doctors to be told they had no appointments, I’ve taken my daughter to the surgery many times and got no where, they never give appointments always send text messages that you can’t reply too, I took my daughter to the surgery last week only to be told by a doctor the only reason they’re seeing my child was because I was insistant(obviously as I’m her mum and want help for her)was given leaflets which were not of any use and didn’t get any help, I tend to take my children to the hospital now instead of going to the surgery as at least we get somewhere by doing that. I wish I’d never registered.

Author: Nazar Al-hashimi
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible GP, never get to see the GP, only text, no reviews, no GP patient care.. please do not waste your time with this surgery. Disgraceful, should be closed!

Author: Lorna Marsh
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Lorna Marsh7 months ago

Author: Neil Jones
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not worth 1 star, appauling service. I have had to chase every test result, they dont ask basic questions, messages are via text message, passed the buck when referral timescales not met, they have no concept of patient care and dont follow up on anything. 7 weeks on I am still none the wiser. I have yet to speak to my actual Doctor. Mindblowing to me.

Author: Kevin Smith
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor unhelpful, you can not get an appointment, they said they will call you back, but don't they just text you, Haven't been able to see the doctor in 4 years 👎 …

Author: June Simmons
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This rating is for the doctors not nurses and receptionists who do a great job. Doctors are the worst I have ever encountered. You cannot get appointments with doctors. Trying to talk to the doctor is nigh on impossible. Very good at texting though, the only thing is you can’t reply to their texts so of no help at all. Very very poor standard of care.

Author: Michelle Oram
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Since covid,this surgery has got down in my estimate,can't for the life of me understand why you can't see a doctor,I'm fed up with receiving text messages from Dr Smith,have a really swollen knee,had to send a photo in,txt from Dr Smith was,take pain medication,(paracetamol and ibuprofen)book an appointment for physio,and wait for an xray appointment on my knee,I may as well gone up to YDH myself and got examined and an xray on my knee and would have been told what is wrong.west lake surgery has not been the same since Dr Cox left.Need more doctors like Dr Cox,who treated his patients with compassion and was never in a rush to get them out the door.As I'm a care worker I need to get it sorted quickly but obviously that won't be happening.

Author: Ashlieigh CARMEN
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I took my daughter into here two times with a cough and illness to get her checked over which upon greeting the doctor said oh you again.. my doctor said my daughter had asthma whilst still poorly with illness and provided asthma pumps. I explained to him she has never struggled breathing can run without any problems laughing fits never end with wheezing, this is the letter I received after condescending patronising and rude absolutely awful doctor. There was no explanation as to why. Talk about absolute scare mongering no i will not provide my child steroids if she potentially doesn't need them thanks! I hope you learn better communication skills.
