Practice: ECCLESHILL VILLAGE SURGERY
Canonical code: Y01118
Postcode: BD2 2HX
Google Maps title: Dr S H M Hamdani - Eccleshill Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 27
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+S+H+M+Hamdani+-+Eccleshill+Surgery/@53.8210826,-1.7286952,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487be3dac339b341:0x449a7c40ff88ad13!8m2!3d53.8210795!4d-1.7261149!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g6vg67gb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.167
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01118-eccleshill-village-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Harry Singh
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Harry SinghLocal Guide · 24 reviews · 3 photos3 months ago

Author: Ulysses3473
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Registered with this practice 6 weeks ago...after a health check they found I was diabetic. They have helped me get medication and support is second to none. Very friendly and helpful. Thank to the doctors and staff .

Author: shabir Khalifa
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Delta with confidence

Author: Martina Kirk
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid at all cost as of u need constant meds to keep u alive he thinks he god and plays with your life refusing them he is more interested in his private work than us mere mortals

Author: Aiden Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Hamdani is useless when it comes to with anything to do with mental health. He also works from home most of the time (I have had this confirmed) and missed a crucial approval for medicine I needed ASAP. My guess is because he wasn’t even at his computer to approve it, terrible. However, every other physician and doctor at this surgery are amazing and I thank them so much. A special thanks goes out to Lewis. If you have problems with mental health ask for Lewis because he’s amazing. Reception staff are also lovely.

Author: Katie Sutcliffe
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
After being registered with Dr Hamdani for over 3 and half years and never needing him for anything urgent he let us down this week to the point we have now changed GP practices. Our baby girl was born 6 weeks prematurely and has severe reflux, following 2 hospital admissions due to choking on sick episodes and not breathing because of this, we changed her milk to anti reflux milk. The hospital advise us to touch base with our GP to get our daughter onto omeprozole which reduces the acidity in the stomach, helping with reflux (hopefully stopping the stopping breathing episodes). My baby had her hip check with Dr Hamdani which was 4 weeks later than it should have been and I raised with him my concern and asked if this medication would be something he could prescribe, he shot me down and said he couldn’t prescribe it and I needed to refer to the hospital pediatric ward… however I couldn’t because I had been discharged, I explained this but got no where so I left the surgery feeling very overwhelmed and helpless. My health visitor then referred a task to Dr Hamdani to prescribe said medication due to the severity of my daughters case (requested by HV on 22/11) I rang three times that day to chase up the prescription and on the final call was told Dr had logged off and wouldn’t be back working until Monday. He had not even called me to discuss that day, let alone prescribed. We went all weekend fretting that my daughter would have another breathing episode and sadly she did. When I rang the surgery on Monday 25/11 I was told he was part time and didn’t work Fridays or mondays…. So I raised my concern and after 33 calls back and fourth with the reception team / pharmacy and Dr Hamdani we finally got prescribed the medicine in tablet form (my baby was 10 weeks old!) again I rang back and requested this be changed to liquid and was told it was too expensive to prescribe and that’s why tablets had been given… ridiculous so I complained and they finally changed it. The phone call I had with Dr Hamdani really brought to light how little care this man has for his patients. Sadly I feel he was incapable of being my daughter’s doctor. He spoke to me in a manner that no medical professional should. I felt he was putting me down and making me feel silly telling me the medicine is not magic and he only works part time so shouldn’t even be speaking to me, I left this call in tears. I am a first time mum with a premature baby and I genuinely feel so upset and disappointed with the way in which this doctor conducts his practice. I personally believe it is time this doctor retires to prevent further negligence. I will be following this up with a formal complaint following the NHS complaints process. Reception team are extremely helpful, and so are the nurses but sadly Dr Hamdani lets down the whole practice due to his uncaring demeanor. Finally… avoid at all costs. Ashcroft surgery is far superior and is only 5 minutes down the road.

Author: blackpool boy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
When ring for appointment receptionist will say ‘only telephone appointment’!! Then all day you’re waited for doctor call. Really terrible!!

Author: Anita
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I love this practice, it really has that family doctor appeal. I have been with a them for more years than I care to remember. The ladies on reception are the best.

Author: Ash
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely surgery, helpful caring staff, nurses and doctors

Author: paul hudson
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless 3 days been ringing to get an appointment all they do is answer tell you you need to ring back. Still same 4 months later never any appointments even at 8:40am I’m sure they just can’t be bothered to see anyone do the doctors here only work part time
