Practice: NEETSIDE SURGERY
Canonical code: Y01127
Postcode: EX23 8LA
Google Maps title: Neetside Surgery
Google rating: 3.3
Google review count: 35
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Neetside+Surgery/@50.8287202,-4.5482741,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x486c768f9b04ae43:0x6550c655ac848a7a!8m2!3d50.8287168!4d-4.5456938!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2zbk1x?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01127-neetside-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Chris
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been registered a couple of years, but first ever need to visit. Got an appointment within a few days. Was quickly seen by the Physio. Doctor was very responsive to my call back, and changed the prescription, late on a Friday afternoon, which I greatly appreciate.Thank you. Excellent staff, Michelle and Dave were both super cool and nice. Seems a very good, well run practice.

Author: nathan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I have bad data and I can’t look at screens for too long when I am ill. Every time I call asking for an appointment or I have a question I get told off by the staff and told to book online before they push me off the phone call. Not everyone can or wants to use the stupid slow laggy website that takes 3X as long as it would to just call. The online form can take up to TWO DAYS for someone to get back to me, this could have been book and done with already on the phone, now I am praying someone will call me asap or else i am gonna be sick for longer. I am also young and know how to use the internet, what about older people you can’t use google? Do they get special treatment or are they left to figure it out by themselves too? The doctors once you finally have an appointment are nice people though I guess

Author: Denise Phillips
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We only moved to bude two years ago I have received outstanding service from the doctors, nurses and receptionists due to my huge ovarian cyst. They managed to get me a same day appointment which calmed me . Its many years since ive had such a lovely well explained doctors appointment. Even my scan results were properly explained by Dr Jones. Thank you all for your excellent care.

Author: Lou
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very good surgery and clinicians. I've only been in Bude for a year and did a bit of research to find the best practice locally and my neighbours recommended Neetside. I've not had any problems getting an appointment and the 2 doctors I have seen have been professional and very caring. Great service. This has been my experience of the surgery. Would totally recommend.

Author: Martin Dingle
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Never help

Author: Gregory Smith
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This used to be an exemplary medical practice where all staff were helpful and caring. Something has happened to change this. The reception staff, nurses, phlebotomist are all still the charming, polite and caring people they always have been. However, the doctors and paramedics go out of their way to never actually see patients. They come over as arrogant and far too precious to show any empathy or care. Personally I feel very let-down by the lack of care and interest shown by the doctors/paramedics. They put up barriers that prevent patients from getting the care they need. The first barrier is the so-called triage form; firstly this asks you to describe the problem, only allowing you to focus on one problem, if you have a number of related health issues, there is no way to describe these. This section basically asks you to diagnose yourself. The second section asks you about how long the problem has been ongoing, far enough, but you can’t help feeling there’s a ‘catch’ to this question. If you put down a short time that gives the doctors the chance to say “let’s see how it progresses then”, if you put down a long time that gives them the opportunity to say “well, you've put up with it for this long, why are you bothering me now?” Actually they won’t say this because they go out of their way to never speak to patients, much preferring to send a text to which you cannot reply. Start again and describe the problem (one only). The next question asks what you have done to help yourself, fair enough, but if you are having to rely on a self-diagnosis, you could have got it all wrong. The next question asks if there’s anything you’re particularly worried about OF COURSE THERE IS OTHERWISE I WOULDN’T BE FILLING OUT THIS STUPID FORM. The final question asks how you would like them to help. So you've been asked to diagnose yourself and now they want you to prescribe your treatment. I would like someone at the practice to explain why they are so adverse to actually seeing patients, other practices in the area, which are just as busy, go out of their way to see patients. The best you can hope for from Neetside is a phone call if you’re lucky. It is invidious to mention doctors by name but there is one who takes great delight in telling you how clever he is, howmuch he knows, how important he is and giving you irrelevant information (I had to listen to how African tribes people are treated for anaemia – hello, this is Bude not Namibia. If you are offered an appointment with this particular doctor set a side a considerable length of time, for two reasons: the fist is that he thinks there is nothing wrong in keeping patients waiting an hour beyond their appointment time, the second is that before he’ll do anything for you he has to tell you how important he is, how much he knows and irrelevant information (I really didn’t need to know his wife is vegan) A very sad decline in standards from what used to be the best doctor’s practice for miles around. I Suggest you stay at home ask Dr Google or AI what’s wrong, the treatment you need and get well again, quickly!

Author: Linda Smith
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
What a wonderful surgery! I was on holiday in Bude and wasn't at all well.The receptionist at Neetside surgery was really helpful,and got me an appointment the following morning. I was seen by Dr Ward Spencer who examined me, and found I had a lung infection. I was sorted with a prescription that day. I am so grateful to them, as would have had to return home if I hadn't seen a doctor that day.

Author: John Smith
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My neighbour was booked for a appointment by paramedics after coming out of Exeter Hospital the day before and we've just had to pick her as she was crying. The receptionist was fine but the doctor treated her with no respect and made her feel like she was crazy. Not only that but this doctor also yelled at her and accused her of thumping her with her cane (Her cane had merely dropped on the floor.) Absolutely appalling, will be complaining about this doctor via letter shortly.

Author: Tamsin
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exceptional service. Online services are great and help navigate next steps (response from GP, appt making and repeat scripts). Kind, caring, efficient, reassuring - thank you so much

Author: BARRIE GODDARD
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot fault how friendly polite tolerant they are always treated with respect even when I am a pest from the receptionists The doctors I have seen again put me at ease and always come away feeling reassure Thanks
