Practice: GLEBE ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: Y01206
Postcode: SW13 0DR
Google Maps title: Glebe Road Surgery
Google rating: 3.0
Google review count: 79
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Glebe+Road+Surgery/@51.4740381,-0.2452433,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48760e56493e03bf:0xe7b55bbf23eebada!8m2!3d51.4740348!4d-0.242663!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1wk7qbhg?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01206-glebe-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Barbara Hopkins
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Barbara Hopkins6 days ago New

Author: Robbie Drew
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent and very caring. Booked through NHS app. Now 2 years on, just booked on line, so much better than old telephone system. Filled up a form, surgery phoned me within an hour and fixed convenient appointment - marvelous!

Author: Andy Whitmore
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Oliver Powell and dr shaw were excellent thank u! Julie was excellent thanks

Author: V A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thank you Sophie Handsaker for excellent job and always smiling. Also thank you to the receptionist for smiling and being so pleasant. Makes a huge difference.

Author: Santi T
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
The doctors here have always been fantastic and that has not changed. They are caring and pragmatic and they themselves deserve 5 stars! However, the new system is just not fit for purpose. If nothing can be done by email, phone or at the reception desk then the new system needs to have functionality to replace that (e.g. > 300 character limit, ability to upload letters from private consultants, etc).

Author: Min Mar
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Update: my most recent experience of the booking system deserves negative stars not one star. It’s the most appalling system anyone could have invented. You can only book an appointment via the online system when the surgery is open (impossible to understand why you cannot book it when it’s convenient for you given it’s online!). You then need to complete a list of nonsense triage questions (tip - just say „other” to everything). They then call you at their convenience when you can’t take the call and then send you a link to book your appointment that tells you there are no more appointments! So next day you can start all over again. You could not make this up! Appointments are ALWAYS late. What is the point of booking an appointment at a specified time when even first thing in the morning they are late? Even blood tests are late! A blood test takes about 5mins all in so it should work like clockwork. My appointment was 15min late and there was no one before me. Also the person doing my test was completely unprepared and took another 5min to find my blood forms on the system. Feels like at surgeries generally, patients time isn’t respected. The patient has to be on time but the nhs staff will see you at their convenience.

Author: Faith Fraser
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent delivery of care. Online triage system is initially intimidating but in practice is extremely efficient with requests being responded to very quickly.

Author: ann atkinson
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to either see or speak to a doctor and used the new online triage system. I received a phone call from the practice in under an hour offering me an appointment later that same day. I saw Dr Powles who was able to reassure me. I would just like to thank the practice for their very quick response time - especially on a busy Monday morning - and their kind consideration. I feel fortunate to be a patient at Glebe Road Surgery and am particularly grateful for all the support given to me and my family by Dr Maria Mendoza.

Author: Mark Glasgow
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
First class service from the practice and Dr Salehzadeh could not have been more reassuring and helpful.

Author: Penny Egan
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Penny Egan1 review4 months ago
