Practice: THE VILLAGE SURGERY
Canonical code: Y01281
Postcode: PO8 8XL
Google Maps title: The Village Practice
Google rating: 4.4
Google review count: 39
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Village+Practice/@50.8977218,-1.0192997,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4874447690eb6e4b:0xddf4632176efd1!8m2!3d50.8977184!4d-1.0167194!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc4f1lyd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01281-the-village-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Mac
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
You hear so many people go on about “Never being able to get through to the GP” but honestly I have never had this issue. I’ve been with this GP all my life, the phone is answered within 10 seconds, never a queue, speedy appointments and very helpful. I enquired about my vaccination records recently and there was a query which we weren’t 100% sure on. The lovely receptionist called promised me a call back the next day, and she did, providing me with the information I needed. Would 100% recommend this surgery if you’re within the catchment area! 💯

Author: Romina Alessandrini
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have always had some difficulties with GP services in the UK, so I approached this practice with a degree of caution. However, since joining this surgery, my experience has been genuinely positive. I have found the team to be prompt, supportive, and willing to help. Communication has been clear, and I feel listened to rather than rushed. ( except from one doctor) While I understand the immense pressure that doctors and practices are under, I personally find it difficult when appointments feel hurried. That said, this surgery strikes a good balance between efficiency and compassion. The reception staff, in particular, have always been kind, respectful, and approachable. As someone who also works within a GP practice, I am very aware of how demanding their role can be, which makes their professionalism and warmth even more appreciated. Overall, I feel supported and treated with understanding, and I am grateful to have found a practice where i don’t have to fight to everyone for an appointment or referral…

Author: Ben Fernmoor
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Does anyone have an email address for the surgery please? I'm am the son of an elderly patient. I live in new Zealand and need to contact them ASAP. I cant load thw practice website for some reason. It says forbidden 404. Thanks

Author: Nicola Hogg
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I can’t quite believe how great this practice is. Staff are so friendly and attentive- going above and beyond to do their best for patients. I was seen very quickly (same day) by a doctor, which, compared to my last practice, is unheard of. Brilliant and professional service throughout. Thank you

Author: Coral Griffiths
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Me and my family have been with Cowplain Village for as long as i remember, my husband and children and now with them and i can honestly say we have never had to wait more than a day for a telephone or face to fave appointment. The reception team are always so helpful & are always accommodating and so efficient with results etc. When i hear everyone else’s doctor appointment waits it makes me so shocked and grateful that we are at this lovely local practice.

Author: Jane Bramley
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went to join the doctors today due to having problems with mine and to be honest felt so uncomfortable i told them to rip it up, one receptionist was quiet rude and the other sat there shaking her head as if to say na youre not coming here so not a good reception. I picked this doctor because of the reviews well not now.

Author: Peter Gorvin
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My thanks to Dr Thakrar for his help very recently with an health issue I had, absolutely top class treatment & after care, I phoned early as concerned about an issue phoned me 10mins later quick discussion said come in at 10am to check it out blood test done by 12.30 CT Scan now done awaiting results early next week, can’t thank Dr Thakrar enough fantastic surgery, & very pleasant staff.😄😄..

Author: Daphne Peterd
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very efficient and caring professionals.. I cannot fault the practice.

Author: Barry Leaves
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It has been 12 years now that my wife and I have been registered with the Cowplain Village practice, in all this time I can honestly say that we have never had to wait any longer than 2 days to speak to a doctor by phone or a face to face consultation, It all starts with a telephone call to the reception staff,whom are all very polite and apologetic if they can’t get you a appointment by the next day. We hear some horrific stories from friends that they have to wait 2 weeks or more just to get a phone consultation with their surgery,s. We consider ourselves very privileged to be registered with the Cowplain Village practice,for looking after our wellbeing, The doctors, the nurses, the reception staff and the practice manager Are all truly an amazing asset to our Cowplain community. Barry Leaves.

Author: Tendai Samuriwo
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I was spoken too unprofessional by Lisa the receptionist. During my attempt in joining the Village Practice. Please cancel my application to join your group practice and offer this individual a communication skills training course.
