Practice: STOURSIDE MEDICAL PRACTICE
Canonical code: Y01756
Postcode: B63 3HN
Google Maps title: Stourside Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 76
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stourside+Medical+Practice/@52.4482881,-2.0519228,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487096949063a837:0x39e8bd26bf04d8f5!8m2!3d52.4482849!4d-2.0493425!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vg_c93l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01756-stourside-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Richard Charles Matthews
Date: Edited 4 days ago
Rating: 3 stars
Some of the reception staff studiously ignore patients waiting at the window. However, they do have an efficient and friendly team of doctors. Conveniently parking your car may be problematic.

Author: jade kendall
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
You book an appointment then have to wait over 30 mins to actually see the doctor I wouldn’t recommend!

Author: Mark Hubbleday
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Wonderful practice with amazing staff working under difficult circumstances. I’ve been with this practice for a number of years and would never change. You can get an appointments when needed. Great care. Recommend.

Author: Akbar Ali
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This medical practice is absolutely horrendous. The receptionists seem to think they are doctors. They are so rude especially on the phone. She was so loud and rude I had to put my volume down. I am very disappointed with this practice as the level of customer care is decreasing by the day. I will definitely not recommend this practice to anyone unless you wanna develop anger issues and hearing problems from the receptionists tone and attitude. The receptionist in question I didn’t manage to get her name but she is the rudest receptionist I have encountered ever and she made me never want to come to see the GP again. Sort this out

Author: Zahid Hussain
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
So here it goes.. been unwell since the start of the year. Tried my level best to get an appointment from then, literally gave up so since then my symptoms have persisted, finally got an emergency appointment a few days ago. I was greeted by an amazing chap called Doctor Harparam 🙏🏽 this young man is a true credit to our lovely NHS, my own faith in the nhs has been restored thanks to this amazing doctor who was so supportive and thorough and taking time to investigate my symptoms. I can’t say enough in kind words what this man is, simply amazing Doctor H please keep up your amazing work and service to your patients 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽

Author: Ellisa Smith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I had Mrs mani she was rude and spoke down to me when I am the patient and a young women in a vulnerable position and she made me feel uncomfortable She always told me one thing then when it come to it do another thing. She didn’t even find out what was wrong with me just fobbed me off and left me with un answered questions she always rushed appointments and never let me understand or process what she was telling me

Author: Kay Peters
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been at this doctors for a number of years and I can honestly say I have never had a problem there ,the office staff especially Amanda has always been so helpful and also the other girls ,as for the GPS they also have been good ,keep it up stourside

Author: Andrew Goodby
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor your in luck if you need a blood test or a flu jab though reception are arwful rude and haven’t a clue what’s goin on fortunately I’d rather be ill than waste my time bring back Coombs wood surgery

Author: John Lunn
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Ok so the surgery has had some poor reviews and I have been one of the critics in the past that didn't rate the practice very highly. HOWEVER I can only brief on my own experiences over the past few years. After developing a long term illness I have been treated with the utmost respect and received excellent care. All the nurses [ who are 1st class ] and the doctors at the surgery have been polite, understanding and treated me as an individual [ not a number]. Reception has improved 100% and although the nonsense of 8am/2pm calls is still an issue I am pretty sure that the current team will implement a more practical/functional system of working in due course. I need to mention Dr Shariff Aneeqa who completed my most recent consultation. She treated me with compassion, & professionalism, showed care, Involved me in all the options available, acted courteous and appeared exceptionally knowledgeable of my overall condition, time was not an issue with my wellbeing the primacy. I am fully aware that doctors have working procedures to adhere to like we all do in a working environment, it is warming to know that the human compassionate element is at the forefront when required. Well done all and thank you.

Author: Simon T
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to Stourside a few weeks ago, i had my 1st appointment within a week, on that day my mole was discussed and within 2 weeks Dr Sharif had arranged resolution. My worries are gone and it was successfully removed yesterday.. amazing care as my last surgery said its not an issue. It was!!
