Practice: TELDOC
Canonical code: Y01929
Postcode: TF3 2BF
Google Maps title: TELDOC - Malinslee Healthcare Centre
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 88
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/TELDOC+-+Malinslee+Healthcare+Centre/@52.6722591,-2.4574897,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48707f81fe337559:0x7fe7ad65d28e31de!8m2!3d52.6722559!4d-2.4549094!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11c1q9rw16?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y01929-teldoc.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Graham Palmer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
🤔 Like many others commenting I've only given this near waste of time surgery 1 ⭐ because you can not give zero and still leave a review. 😒 As many others will have commented it is near impossible to get a Face2Face appointment - and nearly as hard to get a telephone consultation. It doesn't matter whether you phone or use the App/Online. 😒 The last phone call appointment I did manage was with an African doctor(?) who's spoken English was so unintelligible that it was a near pointless exercise(!) Since that occasion I have lost most of my hearing, so it would now truly be a completely pointless exercise. My local Practice in the group is Lawley. I have long standing, RTA derived, mobility issues and don't want to have to travel across Telford. I didn't twenty years ago and can not now. When I signed up to it Lawley Practice still had Adam Pringle resident. Dr. Pringle was the founding member and was an excellent doctor. Alas. The differences of opinion on running the practice grew too great and he left. To my mind the practice has nose dived since.

Author: Faye Owens
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why can't anyone gets appointments? This is gross negligence, what happened to your oath- do no harm .

Author: Sue Roberts
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a big Doctors practice housing a dental team along with NHS staff who care for patients There is a good size waiting room along with Dr rooms There is an in house pharmacy and chemist which is good for getting medication or other things from the chemist for colds flu coughs etc Staff are friendly You can't walk in to make a Dr appointment unfortunately it's either call on the day Now it's us a online form co pilot letting them know your issues Hopefully your get an appointment or a call from the practice This surgery is part of a big selection of other surgeries within the group

Author: Jon Bradburn
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Why are you stating you are open on a Sunday 8am - 6:30pm when the site is all locked up?

Author: Sarah McCall
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sarah McCallLocal Guide · 34 reviews · 31 photos4 months ago

Author: Some bloke in Shropshire
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely shocking service. The GP service here used to be good, but now it's terrible. Sadly I have had to leave the Teldoc service.

Author: Zoe Powell
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This place does not deserve one star only clicked on it so I could leave a bad review. I have moved doctors so sick of malinslee, my eldest daughter had new medicine from her psychiatrist, she sent the email to the doctor in February!! April comes round and the doctor still hadnt added it to the list. I the end she had to personally call the doctor to get him to put it on. They are hopeless, twice I went down last week in the afternoon needing a doctor to sign off a prescription because my daughter had ran out, pharmacist had to give me emergency supply. Not to mention when you call you cannot get an appointment. Definitely wont miss that God forsaken place

Author: Nicky Durnan
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do staff read requests? , the digital system is great for booking appointment, but I have used the NHS App and Egress to request repeat prescriptions, sometimes I will ask it to go to a different pharmacy, to accommodate my work schedule and they send it to a different one than on the request, and i thought i was not informed of the change but for some reason i don't get notification from the App even though they are switched on in setting, Absolut nightmare for someone trying to manage ADHD, requesting is easy though digital platforms, trying to find my meds is exhausting, turning up chemists, to find out it not there.

Author: Michelle Gould
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wow where do I start well I've got many disabilities and long term illness but I've never known anything like it I used to get my pain medication every month and when I moved to teldoc big mistake I used to request through the pod when I requested my other meds and then I received a phone call from there in house pharmacist who thought he could speak to me like I was 5 so I told him his name with nobs on then they put my meds on a wkly script which is shameful that's the way it makes me feel and have also apparently put notes on my file for no out of hours help I've confronted them over this to be told SHROPDOC are lying well I don't think they would say it otherwise then today I've tried to speak to a Dr about my pain I have rheumatoid arthritis fibromyalgia and other bone problems which cause awful pain this Dr wants me to have physio and speak to pain management I told her I've spoken to pain management in several occasions and they can't help me it's down to the GP same as physio I've had it so many times it just makes things worse well because I said no I didn't want to do this yet again and that I was just going round in circles and they wasn't listening to me she started to say she couldn't hear me said she was going to call back and didn't it's pathetic I'm going to find a different gp as no one seems to get anywhere with teldoc I've also made 2 formal complaints with no reply clearly been swept under the carpet yet again how do these drs sleep at night knowing there getting paid not to help people shame in them

Author: Anthony wall
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only given one star because I cant give no stars. This place is good if you can get an appointment with friendly staff who are happy to help. BUT getting an appointment is the hard part I've spent hours waiting on the phone to get to your next in the que only to be cut off, I've pressed 0 to request a call back but never received one. if you are lucky enough to get through your told call back at 8am in the morning ( not everyone is able to do this) alternatively to go online and fill in a health co pilot only to be told the same "there's no appointments available". log back in at 8am in the morning and try again. I'm surprised there not offering you a sim deal the help cut down on your phone bill
