Practice: GLOUCESTER HEALTH ACCESS CENTRE
Canonical code: Y02519
Postcode: GL1 2TZ
Google Maps title: Gloucester Health Access Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 129
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Gloucester+Health+Access+Centre/@51.8662023,-2.2540099,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487106775768b4d7:0x3a8939d441bf8fae!8m2!3d51.866199!4d-2.2514296!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tg5z22x?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y02519-gloucester-health-access-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Enikő Varga
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
This gp is useless! I have knee pain for months and and i have swelling on it since week. Everyday im taking painkiller because i have to work and when i called them and said now i cant even straight my knee normally they said they have appointment at 28 of April. Which means i still have to take the pill till that day because its really hurt! Thats healty right?!! How they can say that? Just because i was suffering for 2-3 month because i need to make money because noone pay my bills. I have 2 job and i think i pay enough tax to get appointment when i really need!! Because i said okay enough, i really need to see a doctor because the creams doesnt helps so it looks more serious then i thought. But no! You can die they dont care!

Author: Isobel Johnson
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
All the staff are helpful and caring

Author: Patricia Conkova
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Patricia Conkova1 reviewa month ago

Author: NICHOLAS HARDY
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Gloucester Access centre is a Doctors surgery & my Doctors which is next door to the Access centre which mine are seven seven side medical centre Which is in the same building And down stairs is the chemist Badhams

Author: Clara Thomas
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute waste of time. I waited approximately 40 minutes beyond my appointment time and my concerns were dismissed within 5 minutes of my appointment starting. I left without receiving help for a painful issue that I had been experiencing for over a week.

Author: Alexander Lisychkin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Got an appointment after a 111 call. No fuss, no wait. Lovely doctors :) Pharmacy nearby (Tesco) if needed.

Author: Tazim Jetha
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I went there for my breast xray. You can't find the place where is you have to go for the department. Was first time ever for me. Then l was so stressed out not finding the place. No instructions on the door round the corner to xray. Then when l got there on the desk the young girl with this young lad they were not friendly. Not listening to me but listening to there ways. Then l had to go round the corner from the desk to a long coroder to take a seat. Has l left to go and take a seat. I came back half way back to the desk to ask again where. And caught the young girl and the young lad on the desk talking about me which l heard. They stopped talking about me when they saw l caught them. Talking about or saying something. So l turned around after asking that l see the seats where l need to sit down. And has,l walked to go and sit down l said indirect to both ov them on the desk they were that l know and was listening you both are talking about me and not prefesional at all on your job and rude. And walked to take my seat further down the coroder. Yes it did upset me they can treat a patient like that. Then when got called in by a young female to have my xray in a room. She was not friendly haswell no love for the job. Was two other female in that room sitting in the corner and asked ho didn't know there is giong to be people in the room. Then l was asked if mind or not them sitting there. Prefesional way like St hospital appointments pass many times the doctors introduced you to other people if they are in your appointments sitting in. Hear not prefesional at all. Font like all the fall back ov Unprefional ways does not make you great. But long has l had my xray which for myself was important than there Unprefional staffs

Author: Ash F
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The most unhelpful secretary in the world? I called 111 and was told I may have had a stoke. I am vulnerable with cancer. I had to drive over an hour to get to the clinic and arrived nearly 10 minutes late but still within my allotted time slot. The receptionist refused to let me see a doctor for the 5 minutes of my slot and would not provide any medical assistance despite my condition. Dangerously inadequate service.

Author: Daniella Holanova
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had any issues, I have regular blood tests done which the last nurse was very gentle with me and the doctor I see is very kind and professional.

Author: Eleanor
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently moved to Gloucester and registered with the Gloucester Health Access Centre, and I honestly couldn’t be more grateful. I had a long list of health concerns, and the receptionist was so helpful offering me a double length appointment and taking some questions away to get back to me with answers which was done so quickly. I was really nervous that I wouldn’t be taken seriously - but Dr Perry listened to every single one of my issues, gave thoughtful and compassionate responses, and took immediate action to support me. She arranged referrals, booked tests, made notes of everything I needed, and never once made me feel rushed or dismissed. It was the most thorough and respectful appointment I’ve ever had. The reception team have also been so kind, patient, helpful, and warm, even when I’ve been unsure or anxious. I’ve had an incredibly positive experience and felt genuinely cared for. I hope this review helps reassure others that there are people here who truly listen and want to help. Thank you so much to the whole team!
