Practice: BOWLING GREEN STREET SURGERY
Canonical code: Y02686
Postcode: LE1 6AS
Google Maps title: Bowling Green Street Surgery
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 202
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bowling+Green+Street+Surgery/@52.6327164,-1.1355864,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48776121d2d0fd2b:0x9304fbd198da52e7!8m2!3d52.6327132!4d-1.1330061!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ts1rr1x?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y02686-bowling-green-street-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: POOORSERVICE
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
for the dentist The receptionist staff and phone staff are rude don’t know what issues they have

Author: Divyang Jain
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reviewed by Dr.Tank, she showed patience during assessment, understanding, compassionate. She went above and beyond to help me. Getting appt via booking portal was easy and quick .

Author: Hasenat Mohammed
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Been registered at this place for about 10-11 years, I quite recommend it! Especially Dr. Tank, she is one of the most recommended doctors and is caring and patient and kind to her patients. Although I do still have to complain about the phone line waiting times, even it after updating a short 1-2 years ago, it will still disconnect it and become a problem, making me wait even longer for just ONE APPOINTMENT, and the online system won’t help sometimes. Still, coming to this GP is great for my needs! Just be cautious about phone lines……..

Author: Dana Cotinghiu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Dana Cotinghiu11 reviewsa month ago

Author: Shivasai Mantri
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Shivasai Mantria month ago

Author: Jannatul Ferdous
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
There are too many careless staff there. They lost my blood sample along with other test samples. The woman who drew my blood even dropped the cotton pad on the floor, then picked it up and put it back on my arm. I am worried about getting sick from an infection because of this. I have had to go back multiple times just to complete a simple test.

Author: james Williams
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Had my first appointment today with dr tank her explanations,skill and professionalism really put me at ease i feel confident in her care.

Author: Sonia Akhtar
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only have a pleasant experience when the hijabi lady is there everyone else literally treats u like u don’t exist

Author: gerald robinson (Sirloins)
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent Dentistry done here. The staff are just fabulous. Clean comfortable surroundings. I highly recommend Bowling Green Dentist.

Author: will harby
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
So I've been coming here a few months now and once you get an appointment, they're not too bad. I've had some good appointments with the GPs. However, the booking system is awful, and the receptionists come across as a bit callous and rude at points. You have to fill out the long and confusing online form quite quickly at 8am - it says it keeps your slot for half an hour once you've started the form but I've tried to submit the form a few times in the past to be told there are no more appointments and I've had to fill out the form the next day. The last time I tried to book an appointment, the system told me to call 111 due to the nature of my illness, and when I did, 111 told me to ring the GP directly and they had put in a referral for me to have an appointment that day. The receptionist told me upon calling up that they hadn't received the referral, that even if they had they wouldn't have been able to offer me an appointment due to being out of slots. They said I just had to put in the same details on the form tomorrow or go to a walk in centre. This is quite common when you ring - they give you no options beyond using their online system. When I told them that their system had referred me to 111 in the first place and wouldn't book me an appointment, they weren't helpful at all. I'm quite good with computers - however, not everyone is, and it's very poor that they don't offer you any options outside of this very very dire online system. The problem is the system is too slow, needlessly automated and cumbersome to use. If you could just write up your symptoms the previous day and copy paste it in the next morning on the form, this wouldn't be a problem but their online system is incredibly awkward. I feel like, considering the reviews, this GP practice needs a serious retooling of how they get their appointments booked because their current system just doesn't work.
