Practice: CASTLE HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: Y02669
Postcode: YO11 2NP
Google Maps title: Castle Health Centre
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 66
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Castle+Health+Centre/@54.2807029,-0.4060514,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487f47ed53a43569:0xf245dd2f836cbeb3!8m2!3d54.2806998!4d-0.4034711!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1ttdmkhb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y02669-castle-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Phil Michell
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Bitterly disappointed by my new arrival at this Drs Surgery as a Chronically ill and disabled patient. Some of the reception staff are with appalling attitude that left me standing there in bewilderment and with chronic nerve pain , that's restricting my mobility. They don't care about my needs to access a GP , that's clear , they didn't care if been in tears with the pain , their receptionist instead of looking at my medical records couldn't be bothered to search for the medication I need today to relieve me of the severity pain , restricting my ability to walk without severe discomfort. The ask to speak with the Manager of the clinic failed to produce her appearance or a phone call. The appointments process is daunting and they are clearly not suitable for patients requiring medical needs. I have not seen a Dr yet. It's something I need to raise with the Nth Yorkshire Medical Board with urgency . Don't register with this clinic .

Author: Daniel Sandu
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I was arrange an appointment few weeks ago about my wife’s back and hip pains and when I was arrive at surgery they said we will talk about another issue because this was the information what the receptionist pass to them

Author: Sarwat jahan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Recently I have few appointments and it was not difficult to book it within a reasonable period of time.

Author: Leah Nightingale
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exceptionally good GP surgery best in Scarborough. I have multiple illnesses and have been well supported through my recent celiac diagnosis. Dr Marcos and Dr Beardsley are very understanding and listen. Always manage to get an appointment, the nurses are also very friendly and professional along with the reception staff.

Author: Cat Scott
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Been registered here not even a week and I’ve pretty much had enough already. Doctor was so dismissive and rude to the point he made me cry and then said ‘there’s no reason to cry so don’t’ felt like he couldn’t wait to get me off the phone the minute I picked up. I explained to the doctor that the receptionist told me to call 111, then 111 told me to call my gp, and the doctors response was ‘well you’ll have to go private then’. I get the NHS is underfunded and all that but it genuinely feels like these people actually DONT CARE at all Receptionist is nasty and gives out incorrect appointment times I am genuinely sorry that the NHS is in such a state that doctors are put in a position daily where they have to violate their oath to do no harm. For the doctors there that truly care about their patients, I am so so sorry this is all happening to you. And for those doctors that have had their souls crushed to the point of indifference, I am also sorry. It’s not supposed to be this way. The system is broken and it’s breaking healthcare workers, even though I feel such rage at the professionals I’ve dealt with over the last week, I can’t hold anything against them. They’re overwhelmed, underpaid, overworked and understaffed. Edit: called again today and got a really lovely receptionist so I’m adding a star just for her!

Author: Katie Eeles
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful practice, absolutely terrible

Author: Nick Hepples
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Only one decent receptionist. Spoke to a disgustingly rude one today. Half of the doctors seem untrained. An elusive practice manager. Avoid people. Get yourselves registered at a real doctors.

Author: joanne lockwood
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
As a patient of Castle Health Centre for nine years, I have found their service exemplary.

Author: John Winton
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Having moved last year from the Midlands, and being at an age that I havecused numerous other surgeries, I feel I can say that the Castle Health Centre is outstanding. The staff are friendly, appointments aplenty when I have needed them. Top Notch service.

Author: David Palmer
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Outstanding crew. From the first moment we went to register we have had VIP treatment. Lovely reception folk and first class care. And open 8 till 8 seven days a week!!! Our last surgery was impossibly overloaded and it wasn’t unusual to be told the next available appointment was three weeks away🤓 I was just in for a blood test. Lisa completed the process with care and precision. Wonderful kindness!
