Practice: TURNER ROAD SURGERY
Canonical code: Y02646
Postcode: CO4 5JR
Google Maps title: Turner Road Surgery
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 87
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Turner+Road+Surgery/@51.9064985,0.8993098,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9053146d3b715:0x8b00737faba721db!8m2!3d51.9064952!4d0.9018901!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h84b3pfw?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y02646-turner-road-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Finnigan
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
David FinniganLocal Guide · 105 reviews · 20 photosa week ago New

Author: Kamila
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
A member of our family passed away and a GP – FARIHA RIZVI, was sent out to assess the death in order for medical examiner to send over the paperwork for us to be able to receive the death certificate. Upon arriving at our house, the GP in question did not say anything, no condolences, no sorry for your loss, nothing at all. In my opinion it is a matter of basic manners and respect. She then proceeded to assess our family member. Not a single word about what she was going to do, no explanation, she just opened my mums eyes, shined a flashlight and left it at that. Didn’t even bother to close her eyes after. To top it all off, doctor in question then forgot to do a basic job of actually contacting the health examiner, excuse being “I forgot”. This all happened on Tuesday. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and I found out on Monday morning, when I called to ask if everything is okay, I was informed that the doctor didn’t do her job. That meant that my mum was in the funeral home for 7 days at that point and the funeral directors couldn’t do anything to take care of her. At that point, I contacted the practice director who apologised to us and did not take any further action other than telling me that Dr Fariha was sorry. Totally unacceptable behaviour, no basic manner, humility show in a difficult time for our family.

Author: Tomasz Podbereski
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
A member of our family passed away and a GP – FARIHA RIZVI, was sent out to assess the death in order for medical examiner to send over the paperwork for us to be able to receive the death certificate. Upon arriving at our house, the GP in question did not say anything, no condolences, no sorry for your loss, nothing at all. In my opinion it is a matter of basic manners and respect. She then proceeded to assess our family member. Not a single word about what she was going to do, no explanation, she just opened my mums eyes, shined a flashlight and left it at that. Didn’t even bother to close her eyes after. To top it all off, doctor in question then forgot to do a basic job of actually contacting the health examiner, excuse being “I forgot”. This all happened on Tuesday. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and I found out on Monday morning, when I called to ask if everything is okay, I was informed that the doctor didn’t do her job. That meant that my mum was in the funeral home for 7 days at that point and the funeral directors couldn’t do anything to take care of her. At that point, I contacted the practice director who apologised to us and did not take any further action other than telling me that Dr Fariha was sorry. Totally unacceptable behaviour, no basic manner, humility show in a difficult time for our family.

Author: Laura May
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
This GP surgery has been fantastic over the past few years I have lived in Colchester. I rarely see the same GP twice, but it doesn't matter here because they are all excellent. Being so close to the Hospital is great too. I always find them polite, helpful and kind, which when you're feeling poorly is really important I think.

Author: Margaruta Vaita
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This admin team is insensitive and incompetent.

Author: Ari Said
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have lived in England for 20 years now I did leaves in lots of different places very good gp very friendly receptionist and very kind doctors and nurses they respected

Author: Lara
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lara1 review4 months ago

Author: Paulina Wojtkowska
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Paulina Wojtkowska8 reviews · 5 photos6 months ago

Author: Elliot Royce
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist was not helpful. Had no regard for my anxiety and sounded very flustered over the phone. The NHS website says you can visit any doctor surgery for an emergency appointment without being registered, but the woman on the phone said I had to come in and register as a patient! Then suggested if the problem is that bad to go to A and E which I already explained would not be possible for me.

Author: Sharon
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon7 months ago
