Practice: PENNFIELDS MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: Y02636
Postcode: WV3 0JH
Google Maps title: Health and Beyond - Pennfields Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.3
Google review count: 103
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Health+and+Beyond+-+Pennfields+Medical+Centre/@52.5781642,-2.1403454,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48709b9f0c81482f:0x72eb560e0fd73ea0!8m2!3d52.578161!4d-2.1377651!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc8dm0j3?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y02636-pennfields-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: cameron macpherson
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Was sorted an appointment today with Ramandeep Kaur Sandhu and I was very impressed and surprised by how the appointment was dealt with and how professional it was compared to using other medical centres I will definitely be re using and recommending to people I just wish this was my local doctors. Separately Ashmore park health centre is useless the receptionist needs medically retraining, without assessing the situation individually she thought best to send me to the hospital, when I didn’t need urgent care just advice and empathy. I don’t pay my taxes for this Sharon

Author: Shirley Duda
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
After visiting Phoenix Walk In Centre on Sunday 16th November and NewCross hospital today Tuesday 18th November I was told by the doctor at NewCross to make an appointment with my GP for Friday. I explained that all that phone call would do would produce a raucous round of laughter at the GP surgery. How dare I ask them for an appointment needed by me from Newcross staff. Apparently I have to phone at 8.00am Friday to be told that there are no appointments that day. What a load of idiotic time wasters, time to change surgery

Author: Keiron
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Thankfully, there was disabled parking. Plenty of parking spaces available, though I did go on a Sunday. The road in was very conjested with parked cars, leaving room for one car only, on a two way street. The centre has toilets, and baby changing/ disabled loos. The staff were lovely. From reception to being treated, all were chatty, friendly and caring. A clean and obviously well run centre. An asset to Wolverhampton and it's residents.

Author: Punished Chris
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely people, very professional and helpful from reception to the doctor. No idea why it has so many bad reviews. Too many entitled people who pay nothing into the system, abuse it and are unhappy when they don't get their way i'd imagine. Thanks for all your help and see you again soon.

Author: Andrew Duda
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They keep rejecting my repeat prescription, when I asked why the GP said you're probably using too much of it without even checking my usage. I only have 30 grams of Beta methadone, they said come in for a review. So I did, been fine for a few months and now they're rejecting it again after saying that I wouldn't need another review for a year. It's been five months. Then they book me in for a telephone appointment for another issue with severe pain in my shoulders, apparently I haven't been suffering for long enough. How long does one have to suffer before they give you any treatment. Absolutely crap surgery, wouldn't recommend it to anyone

Author: Maritha pfupa
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kind staff, understanding doctors.

Author: Gabi Miel
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Weve been going to this practice for years but they are awful in emergencies. A family member hadn't eaten for a month and couldn't eat (because they had cancer, but at the time nothing wad done to diagnose this) but they kept prescribing energy drinks and constipation tablets. Out of hours nurse especially bad as they told the patient to fix their diet. What about actually doing something about it as a GP? What about referring to do some tests? People don't come to the GP for fun. They come when there is an issue they cant solve themselves. Awful, best thing we did is go somewhere else! Months of wasted time with this practice. AVOID IF YOU CAN.

Author: Darek Jaworski
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
It's okay

Author: Paula Manning
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have a lot of contact for my older daughter with he surgery. Can I say the young man in reception absolutely fantastic fast polite gets things done. Also a young trainee doctor so kind very thorough and actually listens to her patients. Had a few bad happenings but that’s with the old school drs.

Author: Angela Walker
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had to deal with the surgery on behalf of an ill family member. They have been brilliant: very helpful and supportive. The receptionists are lovely. You do see a different doctor every time, but that is the same everywhere now and all of them have been excellent. For a very busy practice, how they handle phone calls first time is great. I’ve not had to wait each time - about 20 times in 6 months.
