Practice: NORWICH PRACTICES HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: Y02751
Postcode: NR1 1RB
Google Maps title: Norwich Practices Health Centre
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 107
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Norwich+Practices+Health+Centre/@52.6263027,1.2960394,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x47d8573bdf5631a1:0x282a131f12264732!4m8!3m7!1s0x47d9e3e5eb40182d:0x736e70ac75e65d1e!8m2!3d52.6262995!4d1.2986197!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11h2msv62b?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y02751-norwich-practices-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Emma
Date: 13 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fabulous surgery. I can’t fault any of the staff, be it receptionist, nurses or doctors.

Author: Reviewer Reviewer
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Considering the range of medical and demographic challenges this practice faces I am amazed at how good they are - reception, nurses, doctors and pharmacy are all superb. Without a doubt its the best, most proactive and responsive practice Ive ever belonged to. Thankyou Graham Gamblin

Author: Rosie Rosie
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I get alot of support in times of stress which at the moment I'm getting. I get praise for how I help myself i do colouring to help myself it's a distraction most of the time it helps. extremely good support from from all they take an interest in you as a person and if you have pets

Author: Renáta Balogh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr I. Popa and Dr Helen McCall are exceptional doctors who are both highly professional and genuinely compassionate. Throughout our care, they were consistently kind, patient, and extremely supportive. They always took the time to listen, explained everything clearly, and made sure we felt understood and reassured. It was very clear that they care deeply not only about their patients’ medical needs, but also about them as people and about their families. During a very difficult period, they gave us confidence, reassurance, and a sense of safety, and for that we are truly grateful. We cannot thank them enough for their dedication and support and would highly recommend them without hesitation. Thank you I.Balogh

Author: Karishma Roopchand
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Worst GP practice. Receptionists are always rude, it’s as though they’re not getting paid to do their job! GPs are very unreliable, would definitely recommend AVOIDING this GP practice at all costs!

Author: Cole Davis
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff, clinical and administrative, work hard and do excellent work. Most of the negative comments here seem to come from people who don't seem able to use GP services in a sensible way. Like other medical services, this is a busy surgery and deserves to be used in a considerate manner. GP surgeries are not emergency services, and they have to prioritise when and how they return calls.

Author: Numea Moon
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
With this gp. I contacted 111 because I was suffering withdrawals from not taking my adhd medication my blood pressure was quite high amd i was suffering with headaches. I wasnt too sure if i needed to take further action going 999 or not and I was concerned about my symptoms until I would get my medocation in the next few days. 111 told me that my gp would need to contact me to discuss my symptoms and see if I needed to go to 999. This gp did not call me like the gp is supposed to. Instead they sent a lovely long text saying how they don't deal with prescription meds.... like great but that's not what I'm concerned about is it?

Author: Steven Freer
Date: Edited 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
A fantastic doctor's practice in the center of Norwich. Would recommend.
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Thank you for your review Steven :)

Author: Karl karl
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
This surgery use to be amazing and generally cared for you. I just rang to relay a message to my doctor for a repeat prescription and to say some tablets make me feel sick. The lady was so rude on the phone, I fumbled my words on the phone as I always do, she was just rude, short, put crap music on when she was clearly flapping and trying to write a message I appreciate I didn't explain well but the way you handled the call and then abruptly hung up on me at the end is simply that. RUDE. I appreciate the NHS is short on money but maybe some simply lessons in phone manners, listening and general customer service skills. Blown away by how rude she was.

Author: charles greenfield
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
What a joke of a GP Did the typical early phone call, only to be told that they will call me back with an appointment time. I rang them back 2 hours later to ask what’s happening? They gave me an appointment for 3 weeks time, despite suffering from a number of health issues. Not only that keep failing to re prescribe important medication prescribed by my consultant. Honestly the worst GP I have ever experience. If you love your kids please avoid If you care about yourself please avoid If you want to feel neglected and undervalued Register
