Practice: CHAUCER SURGERY
Canonical code: Y04882
Postcode: CV11 4UZ
Google Maps title: The Chaucer Surgery
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Chaucer+Surgery/@52.5151419,-1.4549219,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48774e22644bf993:0x6e96c513e89534e6!8m2!3d52.5151387!4d-1.4523416!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tm8dh7l?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y04882-chaucer-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Matt P
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Avoid this gp surgery. I never complain about anything but I was driven to write a formal complaint. This complaint has been completely ignored by the senior staff. Ironically the complaint was mostly around them not communicating with me! I should have left there a long time ago as of the few times I needed to see a doctor over the last ten years, only once did the doctor actually seem bothered about helping me.

Author: Ferenc Biro
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
It's a real nightmare and challenge to phone them, takes ages to pick up if it happens at all

Author: Ivor Timson
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Some good at Reception and some are friendly and caring even in the current period of societal pressures; but the problems remain for so many patients and I am very concerned about the present arrangements.

Author: Ethan Beattie
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Criminal! The staff are completely negligent, still won't accept my diagnosis from an NHS recognised outside company for my Autism and ADHD and they'll tell you one thing over the phone but actually mean another! More mess ups from this GP would result in myself getting sectioned under the Mental Health Act as my Depression, Autism and ADHD is going untreated. Incompetent staff that take a nice wage out of the taxpayers pocket! Absolutely disgusting! If you're sick or experiencing Mental Health problems you're better off without The Chaucer as they won't see you and you'll get false promises when it comes to phone calls!

Author: Pokimon Lo
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Although the doctors and nurse are nice. The waiting time is super long and not really helping to solve my conditions. I feel like waiting to die without any actual help from them.

Author: Kayleigh
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
28TH JULY 2025. We have had nothing short of the most disgusting experience. New patients and first appointment for my 4 year old son, today. I am not one to publicly complain but I am shocked, hurt and most importantly advocating for my son. Firstly when I called, the HCA refused to help despite the request being simple, but I understand this, especially with a child. I advised I’d be happy to make do until tomorrow and wait to see a nurse, the receptionist went and spoke to the GP instead to which he advised us to go to hospital - I had asked for an appointment for medical tape to be changed following surgery. The tape was not in the area of surgery site, it had simply stretched away from the “thing” it was holding up (I won’t go into extensive personal detail). I stated to the booking adviser that I was not comfortable putting my son in the car for a round 50+ minute journey, and that it is not sound medical advice for the surgery he had done due to the straps of his seat compressing on the area. The receptionist put my son down for an E-consult. 4.5hrd later I had a call and was offered an appointment at 5.35pm, we arrived on time to then wait for over 40 minutes - the GP did not have another patient in with him nor leave in the time we were there! There was no apology until I asked if everything was ok. After explaining what I would like help with he did not look at the tape, wandered out of the room to find something similar but then refused to help remove the old and reapply new, he was giving us it to take home. I would’ve gone to the chemist if I was comfortable doing it myself but after my own experience and knowledge I know there is a solution they can use to easily and pain free remove the tape. He stated the solution to remove the tape was in the nurses room and he wouldn’t know where to look, when I questioned further he said the cupboards might be locked, then proceeded to shift the blame onto the hospital for not providing an aftercare kit. He refused to ask the receptionist for keys because he wouldn’t know where to look and they *might* not have the solution. I am beyond disgusted and let down. My son is entitled to this care and should not have been put in this position by any “medical professional / setting”. Had the GP have looked at my sons belly he would’ve noticed a small skin graze that could do with being treated too. This raises a HUGE concern for the safeguarding of other children, any wound or mark would go unnoticed by that man. The “GP’s” desk had rubbish from a previous appointment, a packet that was ripped open with fluid on the desk. Unsure what because I didn’t read it, but a small blue packet. Also, there was treatment bed tissue shoved under the bed from a previous appointment! Before leaving he recommended I try get in with the nurse the following day, I said I will be deregistering us he said “fair enough”. Never in my life have I experienced such lack of effort, care, compassion, laziness, accountability and common sense. If I could give 0 stars I would however, the singular star is awarded to the two receptionists I have encountered- Kevin & the female that helped with our registration, they were very friendly and efficient.

Author: Linda Clegg
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The new booking system is useless and not fit for purpose. If you phone the surgery you are told they can't make you an appointment. I tried ringing 111 and was told they had arranged a telephone consultation but didn't get a call. If it is urgent there seems to be no choice but to go to A and E.

Author: Nadezda Gavrilova
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Nadezda Gavrilova11 months ago

Author: Ann Haywood
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff great but to see a doctor is impossible. I had a brain stroke 6 months ago and still unable to see a doctor, having to wait until July 25 to see a doctor at the hospital. Thinking of changing GP.

Author: Clare D
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
They don't even deserve one star. Bring back the 8am rush at least you could speak to someone. We filled in the online form to then contact 111 who then were going to send an ambulance that didnt come, ended up at a&e to wait for hours and then be treated like we shouldnt be there when it was actually this doctors surgery that roundabout sent us there lol. Its actually atrocious and I have genuinely considered seeking legal advice cause I know I have a case.
