Practice: CAMP HILL GP LED HEALTH CENTRE
Canonical code: Y04969
Postcode: CV10 9EB
Google Maps title: Camphill GP Led Health Centre
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 76
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Camphill+GP+Led+Health+Centre/@52.532339,-1.507856,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877526d569f60e9:0x6c8bd843409efc9e!8m2!3d52.5323358!4d-1.5052757!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tjdl7xj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y04969-camp-hill-gp-led-health-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Bella Lipa
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Bella LipaLocal Guide · 32 reviews · 8 photosa month ago

Author: m0rf
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
m0rfLocal Guide · 40 reviews · 111 photos3 months ago

Author: Kelvin Griffith
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The appointment booking set up is so dreaful it's as if it has been designed to deter people from using it! The staff themselves however are really good. Receptionists are pleasant and helpful.

Author: Aaron Wallace
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Referred my 6 year old to the pharmacy for an issue that isn't even one of the 7 things a pharmacy can prescribe for. I would have thought a GP practice would have known this.

Author: Tautvydė Pempytė
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was in emergency on friday.Doctor was rude and horrible speak with me.I falling anfd absolutely can't normally move.i falling on the street on my hand and back.I never feell pain like that.I can't absolutely touch my hand.i screaming from pain.back too.Plus my breast implant i think is explode and something growing under breast.In hospitaly doesn't check my hand,back,breast.they don"t make x ray,nothing.send me home. I tld to them,if i feeling worse i come.She said-don't trys,because iwe send you home.go to gp.And...Today gp toli me we can't help.Go back to emergency,but i can't.i just need from gp refferall to breast team.Doctor no understand what i sad i put telefone and later blocked and no answer to my call.It's discriminate,because i not very well speak english.I am in human pain.plus i human pain.need another refferal to see neurology.But their no listen.i have temperature,cough.They just no listen.Put telefone off.And no answer to the calls.It's horrible ignore annd discriminate.I can't believe.If you no make appointment i make everything else...Because i can't come back to emergency,you ignore me....I'm dingo,if something happen was your faut..

Author: V N
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
The most useless people working here

Author: Peter Smith (SPIDER KING 007)
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Peter Smith (SPIDER KING 007)7 reviews · 8 photos9 months ago

Author: Papa Gyan
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I think this surgery wants to see people die for negligence They don’t have any empathy for patients The online appointment is such a time consuming system In general it is a bad surgery and I’m looking at changing my GP

Author: Gemma Browne
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Is this a joke? 🤦‍♀️ Hubby has probably requested to see a doctor once in 20 years. Called for an appointment. Have to fill in a form. The form, we are told, is to avoid the 8am rush if people calling. Went to fill the form in at around 12 and you can’t submit it because it’s at full capacity. FYI… it’s just an ingrowing toenail. He doesn’t need to see a doctor he just needs someone to take it out! I genuinely feel for people that are actually poorly… what chance do any of us stand if simply booking an appointment is such a performance?! So now, you fill the form in, then it’s assessed, then you book to see the doctor then book another appointment to go back and have aforementioned nail removed. We do have jobs you know! 😂 Glad I’ve moved away from here and left the poor hubby to it!

Author: John Oliver
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This has become a very bad joke now. I no longer have any idea WHO my doctor actually is or if I even have one. I can't help thinking this surgery doesn't really have any. It also seems they're not even offering appointments any more as you can only 'request' an 'online consultation'. This is a tragedy waiting to happen, through either medical negligence or misdiagnosis. How you can claim to be providing 'health care services' like this is beyond me if you're neither SEEING nor even TALKING to patients. Desperately needs NHS or CQC intervention before somebody dies. Leaving and submitting a complaint to NHS, CQC & GMC. Appalling!
