Practice: CHAPELFORD PRIMARY CARE CENTRE
Canonical code: Y04925
Postcode: WA5 3AL
Google Maps title: Chapelford Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.2
Google review count: 170
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Chapelford+Medical+Centre/@53.3978465,-2.6404816,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487b034f7ea9d037:0xbb86b011c08834a1!8m2!3d53.3978433!4d-2.6379013!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j3m7qwky?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y04925-chapelford-primary-care-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Robert Skidmore
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I am near 70 years old & you have little or no chance of getting an appointment to see a doctor/ book tests / they say they will ring you & never do , total waste of tax payers money , massive waiting area & never any one there 👎👎👎 …

Author: Jane Cragg
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I know some people complain about this practice, but honestly I've always been looked after by them. I'm always pleasant which probably helps, but they have been there every time I have needed them, whether for me or my daughter. The receptionists have handled my queries with compassion and I feel like the medical staff I have interacted with have taken me seriously and answered any questions I had.

Author: Natasha Tetlow
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve literally just switched surgeries and honestly wish I would have done it sooner … for some unknown reason they’re still taking registrations but they can’t manage the patients they already have … the place is always empty but you can’t get an appointment ever. Literally. Waste of a building

Author: dave gibson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The staff here are very unhelpful and abrupt. Their processes are onerous and you can't get past the gate keeper. Being ill doesn't seem to be a factor when trying to book a simple appointment.

Author: Roland Danyi
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Roland Danyi5 reviews · 1 photo2 months ago

Author: Tracey Dilger
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Me and my husband have just registered somewhere else absolute dreadful surgery would NOT recommend at all stay away.

Author: bragger93
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
UPDATE I have changed my rating from 4 stars to 5 stars. During the last 18 months, the surgery have been fantastic supporting me during my treatment. I can’t thank them enough. ORIGINAL POST Having read poor reviews about this surgery, I was very apprehensive when I needed an appointment, so much so that I avoided trying for several weeks. I’m a long term patient and have not had to see a GP face to face since before covid. I submitted a request via their anima App, which is quite a lengthy process, but the level of detail does allow staff to triage requests quickly. Much to my relief I was offered a same day face to face appointment with their ANP Carl. The Reception staff were welcoming and Carl was friendly, professional and reassuring. I had to return the following day for blood tests, which were back a day later. I received a text offering advice and a follow up appointment for later that week. Incidentally having viewed my medical record on the App, it was clear that the staff are thorough and work late. My personal experience has given me confidence with my follow up treatment.

Author: Serge Iovko
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Most useless GP practice in UK. If you have any chance don't registered in this place.

Author: Mollie
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Do not register at this GP.!!! The reception staff are vile people. They are rude and have 0 customer service skills. I have been a patient at Chapelford for around 10 years, I very rarely go to the doctors so don't usually come across these rude people. I had a concerning letter and wanted to use private healthcare to fast track my appointment, when I called Chapelford to ask for a GP to sign my letter, the receptionist was rude, difficult and refused to let any GP sign the letter. They advised that the GP was on annual leave but they will not tell me when they would return. I simply asked if the letter will be signed the first week in January to which they confirmed, they'll sign it when they feel like it and that could be February. I was in tears on the phone and the receptionist had no compassion. The best thing that could happen is to close this practice down.

Author: David Chapman
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
There nothing good to say about this doctors ! We come to the conclusion that nothing was going to change so we have moved on and wished we had done it sooner . The reception staff are appalling the practice manager will not return calls or emails , you can not get appointments ! If you work forget it you will never get seen . The building is fine it just needs a clear out
