Practice: ISLINGTON GP FEDERATION
Canonical code: Y05190
Postcode: N7 8EG
Google Maps title: Islington GP Federation
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 5
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Islington+GP+Federation/@51.5512007,-0.116727,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sISLINGTON+GP+FEDERATION+N7+8EG!3m8!1s0x48761b191cdca347:0xb2007ea6ab57ad54!8m2!3d51.5511354!4d-0.1140246!9m1!1b1!15sCh5JU0xJTkdUT04gR1AgRkVERVJBVElPTiBONyA4RUdaICIeaXNsaW5ndG9uIGdwIGZlZGVyYXRpb24gbjcgOGVnkgEQY29ycG9yYXRlX29mZmljZZoBRENpOURRVWxSUVVOdlpFTm9kSGxqUmpsdlQyeGFkbFZyV2xka1ZYaDZWRmh3VGxGdFJsSlVXR2d6VXpCT1JWcFdSUkFC4AEA-gEECCEQEw!16s%2Fg%2F11fl09l_9s?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 5
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y05190-islington-gp-federation.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Star Ship0
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Had the displeasure of dealing with a horrible woman known as Asma Akhter for a follow up appointment having been referred by my GP for ENT. She must have sent her twin sister to work for her on my last appointment with 'her', as this was a totally different woman to who I saw in July! I arrived for my appointment on time and was kept waiting for 35 minutes before being called. When she did eventually call me, she was rude, inconsiderate and very uncaring, leaving me wondering how people like this find their way into healthcare professions. Not a nice woman at all. I suffer with mental health issues, mainly PTSD and health anxiety and having blocked ears for 5 months has really tested my patience. I expected someone who works in the healthcare profession to understand my issues having explained all this on my first visit to her where i presented with blocked ears and tinnitus.. I proceeded to inform her about my symptoms since I last saw 'her', mainly that my ears were still blocked. She told me because my GP only referred me for tinnitus, she could not explore the blocked ears issue, even though the tinnitus is caused by my ears being blocked. Either lazy or just awkward..? Who knows. I then mentioned that I had a pain between my ear and cheekbone. She diagnosed me with TMJ even though my dentist has checked me TWICE in the last 3 months and confirmed both times my ear issue is unrelated to my teeth or jaw. She then fabricated a history of hay-fever even though I've never had hay-fever in my 40 odd years of living. When I pointed this out to her she then fobbed the issue off as stress and said I need counselling!!! I don't know how I kept my cool!! I then asked her to explain the make up of the ear nose and throat connection as Google was giving me conflicting results, she looked at me like I had 2 heads and basically said I was making my symptoms up!!! Everytime I mentioned a symptom she kept saying 'I'm only looking at the tinnitus issue' despite my issues being ear, nose and throat related and despite her department being called ENT as in EAR, NOSE AND THROAT!!!! She said I would have to go back to my GP to be referred to her again for any other issues, when I became clearly distressed at this suggestion, she offered me an appointment for December. I became even more distressed at the idea of living like this for another 3 months to which she said 'I'm doing you a favour!!!' I then went on to ask another question about the ear nose and throat connection to be told 'I can't do anymore, you've gone over your 10 minutes!!!!'I reminded her that I waited in the waiting room for 35 minutes for her to call me, contemplated throwing my cup of water at her, decided not to and I left her room calling her a very apt name and left the building in tears. I had to hide behind a wall for 20 minutes whilst I sobbed at how I'd just been dealt with before I could face my journey home. I had expressed how my ears were making me feel suicidal yet still she dealt with me like she had no regard whether her words and treatment could make me walk out in front of a lorry after leaving her room. She should not be dealing with vulnerable patients, she has no consideration or empathy for someone who works in the health care sector, in fact, I got more consideration and empathy from the receptionist who could clearly see I was upset and distressed and came over to see if i was ok and offered me tissues. How on earth does a receptionist who knows nothing about my history have more compassion than a doctor who has somewhat of an idea????! I didn't wait for the appointment she was offering me as I knew there and then I would not be coming back to see this unempathetic person. She must be stopped from working with the public as the next person she treats like this may not have children at home preventing them from ending their life. I hope I never see this thing again!!

Author: Aleem Mirza
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Did some BLS Training for staff. Great participation

Author: James Flynn
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm sorry to say that I recently received poor service, infact actually I didn't receive any service because they didn't call me, I've been waiting for a phone call and didn't receive a call, there wasn't even a missed call on my phone, then I receive a text message saying that Dr Folusha Oluwajana has tried to call me and I need to call my GP again. I called my GP and then they said I would need to call back tomorrow to try book another phone consultation, I mean what a waste of time, I should have just waited four hours in A&E and then at least I would have been seen by someone. This service is a joke, and I hate to say this as I actually love the NHS, something needs to be sorted out ASAP it's not fair on people who are in worse positions than myself.

Author: Sam Ashley
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sam AshleyLocal Guide · 67 reviews · 43 photos2 years ago

Author: Lorna
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
This organisation is striving to make sure that Islington residents are able to get free and equal access to good primary care. It is owned by Islington GP practices who aim to improve the health and social care that people receive.
