Practice: WEST CHELTENHAM MEDICAL
Canonical code: Y05212
Postcode: GL51 7SU
Google Maps title: West Cheltenham Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 43
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/West+Cheltenham+Medical+Practice/@51.9020078,-2.1194624,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x48711b43d53b0a27:0x3db3bd28f1b5d885!4m8!3m7!1s0x48711b0bdce7e1ed:0xdeabc890f5e78988!8m2!3d51.9020045!4d-2.1168821!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11j3032wjq?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y05212-west-cheltenham-medical.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Farhad Karimi
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Farhad KarimiLocal Guide · 4 reviews · 58 photosa week ago New

Author: Natalie Whitney
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Absolutely brilliant service. I'm a patient person and have no complaints about the practice. Like everything to do with our health service you have to wait, but once I've had my appointments the treatment has been amazing.

Author: Chelsea Corr
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful doctors surgery. Registered two years ago and every time I go I see a nurse or a paramedic, never get to see a doctor. Every single medical issue I go there with they tell me i have to live with that forever! Worst doctors surgery I've ever been to or heard of. Told them about a problem I have and they give me a telephone appointment in two weeks!! Not good enough!! Do anything they can to make me stop taking the medication I NEED! So then they send me to a specialist to try get them to stop me but the specialist told me to carry on with what I'm taking and they will send a letter to my GP to let them know that. I'm currently switching to a different doctor because they are so terrible and I am no longer willing to put up with it. DO NOT REGISTER HERE, Cheltenham is a large town find a different one.

Author: Debi M
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Never had any complaints about the care we have received here! Thanks.

Author: kosgoda sadeeka
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
kosgoda sadeeka1 review7 months ago

Author: Joanne Morton
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot begin to praise this practice enough. The professionalism and patience they showed when seeing my elderly dad was nothing short of exemplary. From the receptionist and first point of contact, to the gp and nurse, compassion and empathy at every turn going above and beyond to offer an on the spot emergency appointment, and treatment which has allowed us to avoid huge wait times in A and E . Thank you 😊

Author: Sharon Kavanagh
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. Told to go to a&e to get painkillers, have moved doctors now .

Author: Aaron Beedle
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been here 3-4 times now. Wanted to share that every time, I feel like my problems have been of interest to the doctor, they listened, gave me time to talk, and discussed my concerns. They took what I felt we reasonable actions to rule out immediately concerns, and didn't make me jump through hoops. Having had an absolutely terrible experience with the Tewkesbury doctors a few years ago, this was the complete opposite and helped alleviate the stress and depression I felt after my experience with the Tewkesbury doctors.

Author: dionne savory
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’m absolutely disgusted in this place my mum had really high blood pressure dangerous high they sent her home with a chart cancel her appointment she had a mild heart attack now in hospital had another one last night now staying in to have valve surgery she could have died because they can’t e bothered this lady has worked hard her whole life to be treated like this it’s not the first time either why be doctors if you can’t be bothered to look after your patients even the receptionist sometimes sounds like you’re bothering them it takes my mum a lot to contact them in the first place if you want a doctor dont bother coming here they don’t seem to care or horde you along like cattle

Author: Andrew Nutbourne
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
After time to reflect, I want to replace my previous review. This GP surgery was the first one bad enough for me to entirely give up on medical treatment for mental illness. And for that I think it deserves some credit. Not worrying about trying to be understood or to get prescriptions filled on time is a weight off. And feeling like I have to solve problems myself is more empowering than any kind of interaction with our health service. Quitting medication that was actually effective has been rough. But now I don't think I would talk to a doctor about mental illness ever again. And that thought is quite comforting.
