Practice: WELLSBOURNE HEALTHCARE CIC
Canonical code: Y06007
Postcode: BN2 5FL
Google Maps title: Wellsbourne Healthcare CIC
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 97
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wellsbourne+Healthcare+CIC/@50.8255024,-0.1099309,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487585e9c2a81e79:0xa5717e34134b3f36!4m8!3m7!1s0x487585e9dcccb891:0x205181d50ab6e9ae!8m2!3d50.825499!4d-0.1073506!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc509498?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 1
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y06007-wellsbourne-healthcare-cic.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: H Khan
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Heena, Maria,Stella,Debi(all the receptionist ),all the Doctors , nurses and admin team are kind, professional, hardworking and very efficient. Thank you for all your hard work, dedication and commitment towards your community.

Author: Michey1011
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I felt obligated to write this sincere appraisal of a particular staff member at this surgery. Her name is Heena. She is by far the most professional and kindest Receptionist, I've come across. She ALWAYS goes above and beyond. She is courteous, helpful and understanding. Whenever, I've run into a problem regarding appts, meds and such, she always listens and helps to find solutions. Wonderful staff member, thank you Heena 😊

Author: Armandine Gaulin
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
By far the best health service I have received in Brighton! I have tried different surgeries for the last past 12 years due to moving houses within Brighton and this is by far the best! You get a prompt response to your queries, the staff actually listens and cares. It is so refreshing! Thanks so much to the whole team from the receptionists, to the GPs, nurses, mental health support team (Tammy was fantastic) and HRT specialist (Natalie was so helpful). Can't praise you all enough 🖤

Author: Kora Garretty
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I went to the out of hours clinic and saw a doctor this morning, I think his name was, Dr Mohd Sabri Abu Bakar. He was the nicest doctor I have ever seen. The ladies at reception were kind and the clinic was very clean and calm.

Author: Ga Sg
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Exceptional service, the ANP Nathalie understood my problem straight away and prescribed blood tests and ECG with appointment the following day. As the nurse was ill she offered to take the test so I didn’t have to wait a month for another appointment! She was so helpful! I also used the clinic a year ago and had the same excellent experience with GP Helen! Thanks Wellsbourne Clinic!

Author: Valery Abdellah
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Valery Abdellah6 months ago

Author: Martin Stunell
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Martin Stunell6 months ago

Author: Isaac Fihosy
Date: Edited 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A very useless service overall. EDIT: AVOID THIS SURGERY Despite the reply from ‘Sarah’ under my review no one has reached out to me and the service has steadily decreased. Please be wary of one ‘Dr. Greeney” and the receptionist known as “Bo”. If you have serious ailments these two will prolong or exacerbate your situation. Both individuals show alarming levels of callousness indifference indicative of too much time without proper regulation from a central body. I was struck by a car, called in to the surgery for a referral to x-ray / mri after seeing ambulance services (I suffer agoraphobia and anxiety so was told by ambulance crews to contact my GP for an X-ray / MRI referral to avoid waiting in A&E where the condition would flare up) Upon calling I was bizarrely told a referral “wasn’t appropriate” by Greeney. Every other professional within the NHS that I’ve spoken to in the wake of that interaction has been baffled by Greeney’s statement which suggests the GP has perhaps gone too long without oversight and is exercising her ego based on personal feelings, this is a serious deviation from professionalism and will not be tolerated or go unanswered. In any situation this behaviour is unacceptable. For context I am struggling with health issues in the wake of losing my partner, the GP surgery know this, are aware I struggle to leave the house, suffer low mood, and feel it appropriate to pettily exercise their unchecked ego regarding matters that ought to be straight forward. I had been in excruciating pain and without sleep for days due to Greeney’s purposeful incompetence. My anger at useless practitioners like this was thus especially heightened. Fatigued, I called the surgery to again arrange an appointment for a referral to Brightons MSK (musculoskeletal) dept. An individual named Bo answered, began commenting uselessly on an appointment I’d missed months before, then childishly ignored my repeated requests to book an appointment, told me I could book online and abruptly hung up. These people have no place in a professional environment where their behaviour poses a health risk to service users. _______ Bar a few, tart, condescending staff at reception make booking a constant exercise in irritation; they’ve a complete inability to professionally engage with and address serious issues without frustrating patients in the process; After losing my partner I have never felt so let down by a service that claims to work for the betterment of public health. Just recently they referred me to a dentist for an exposed nerve in a cracked molar. The Dentist they referred me to asked for a referral from the GP, they vehemently refused but could not come up with a definitive reason why they wouldn’t help instead saying “we know it’s bad.. oh well”. These people need letting go and replaced with workers who are focussed on problem solving.
Practice response date: 2 years ago
Practice response:
Hi Isaac, Thank you for taking the time to leave feedback. Naturally, I can't share your personal information here, so I have passed your feedback onto our Complaints Manager, who will make contact to discuss things further. I can confirm that we have very little control over dental services, which are in a terrible state across England, and local dental services have strict criteria for seeing patients and will reject referrals which they do not believe meet their criteria. Best wishes, Sarah Webb Business Manager

Author: John McMillan
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
John McMillanLocal Guide · 44 reviews9 months ago

Author: Christine Chisholm
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I made an appointment with Dr Tew today for my son. I had to queue for the phone to be answered but not too long. Normal to make an appt anywhere these days. I found her very friendly and professional. Picked up his prescription from Kamsons in good time as well. Very satisfied customer. Thank you.
