Practice: NOOK SURGERY
Canonical code: Y06659
Postcode: HD3 3XA
Google Maps title: Nook Surgery
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Nook+Surgery/@53.657107,-1.8465812,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bdcb81328740f:0xdec5d4a0625bbb5!8m2!3d53.6571038!4d-1.8440009!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc2m6f3_?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y06659-nook-surgery.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: David Bottom
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have recently had an abscess and needed packing and dressing changed daily. I was treated by the practice nurse at Nook by Jan Compston and Field Head by Rosemary Dyson, both were brilliant can’t thank them enough. Jan sorted Amy appointments out in one go, absolutely top notch.

Author: Mark Kryukov
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I booked an appointment for 16:40 and had to wait till 18:10 way too long considering the fact that the staff wasnt busy. Very Disappointed.

Author: Maxine Hudson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was going to change GP surgeries 6 months ago. Glad I didn't now as I have recently had no complaints at all. 8am today, I filled out a patchs request. 11.30am, I was in the chemist next door waiting for my prescription. I saw Dr Usman and he was really good. Excellent service, thank you.

Author: Sharon Booth
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sharon Booth4 months ago

Author: June Stokes
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This surgery should be closed and a new set of GPs and Staff. I have just moved to a different practice and would not recommend them. I am in touch with the CQC, and I recommend others do the same. When you order your prescription you can bet some are missed off. I once had to get an emergency supply of Blood Pressure medication from the pharmacy because they hadn’t sent the prescription, when I phoned the receptionist and said this was medication that needed taking every day she just laughed and said I quote, ( Well your not going to die,). The reception staff are rude and unhelpful. I asked for a call from the practice manager and it took 2 days for them to send me an email to say she wasn’t available. This surgery was due to close down a few years ago and in my opinion it should have.

Author: Amy Giles
Date: Edited 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Everything at this surgery is hard work having to call over 8 times to chase an emergency isulin prescription for two days and ended up having to go to hospital... No one seems to care Edit* I emailed a complaint on the 13th of May and have since sent one on the 28gh of May and still yet to hear anything back I've called three times and been told it has been sent to the manager but they will not contact me absolutely disgusting behaviour I have now changed gp

Author: Casey Clavin
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not happy with my service at the doctors I’m a 17 year old girl and have had nothing but mess about ! I have struggled with me periods since age 11 and I have been on multiple different t contraceptions which non have worked I called last week to arrange an appointment and they said they would get back to me they never did so I called them and they was rude unhelpful and ended the phone. They then finally called me back today and told me to go elsewhere and ended the phone.

Author: Emma Armitage
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family have been part of the practice for many years, I’ve used my GP practice for a range of things during this time and I’ve never been disappointed. Patches is amazing and I always get a quick and appropriate response to deal with the issue at hand. Staff are always helpful, kind and caring.

Author: Szilveszter J Darvasi
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst place I ever heard of. I didn't trust people at the Beginning but now I see.

Author: Kay Aitken
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Wow…. What can I say….. incompetent, rude and tell lies! 3 attempts twice to get medication for a relative on end of care life…. Patient was in horrendous pain and district nurses were waiting for medication took 3 hours to finally sort the 1st time! Receptionist lied to my face telling me she hadn’t said that a it was a particular drug that it wasn’t ! 3 days later the gp prescribes the wrong medication, I phone up and explain it’s the wrong medication and the one I need… I’m told the prescription is at the chemist to collect and it’s the same medication sent the 1st time! Ring again and told that the correct medication is now at the chemist… off I go to the chemist AGAIN to find NO prescription so I ring AGAIN to be told it’s controlled medication I have to collect prescription from doctors surgery which is not true as they sent other controlled drugs! When I attended the surgery receptionist could not care less, was rude and stated “ I was not here 3 days ago init “ very professional . Official complaint raised !
