Practice: PARK MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: Y07025
Postcode: PE1 2UF
Google Maps title: Park Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.7
Google review count: 146
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+Medical+Centre/@52.5809,-0.2408987,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4877f0fc0cc3e1b5:0x5d8beafc360f944!8m2!3d52.5808968!4d-0.2383184!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc40vcrl?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y07025-park-medical-centre.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Murtaza Sadat
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
I make to appointment for my daughter that she is one and a half years The appointment waiting time is 4 day Soon as possible, I change my GP

Author: AWM 94
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely useless.

Author: Linda Smith
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I really want to praise the care competence and professionalism shown by Sarah Marshall Healthcare assistant at Park medical who took a blood sample from me last week. She has twice now been able to take blood with no drama and efficiently ...normally I am notoriously tricky to find the vein. She calmly answered my various questions and I felt valued as a patient. Thank you Satah.

Author: Joey Harris
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP surgery used to be somewhat good until it took a nosedive. Doctors which probably dont even have a liscence to practice medicine and lousy service. Takes 2 months to get an ultrasound for an ongoing injury and they like to dismiss your issues. I have had to make an appointment to get a doctor to phone me about my test results so i can know if im well or not. Its easier and more efficient self diagnosing with an AI. I will be changing GP surgeries. Abysmal service.

Author: kevin harris
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This doctors surgery is a complete joke...my wife was told 48 hours for a phone appointment just for them to decide to move the appointment further away...I wouldn't recommend to anyone to go here

Author: Elina Maculevica
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I wanted to write this review today even though I have been with Park Medical for many years now. So far I’ve had all kind of experience with this practice but today my heart became so full I wanted to leave this review. DR AQEEL!!! WHAT AN ACTUAL ANGEL! I won’t disclose my medical history and won’t go into details but this doctor?!? The first one that has actually listened to me, in years! She not only gave me the treatment I asked for but went over and beyond to book additional tests and referrals to get to the bottom of my problem. So from the bottom of my heart - THANKYOU DR AQEEL! You listened and you cared! You are in the right profession! I hope this review reaches you 🫶🏻

Author: jawed jaw
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Called for my 13 years old boy as hes very ill , first they lady on phone said booking is online now , tried online there was no option for under 16, called again she adviced me to do it from app so i mannage to do it and now got messege that it takes few working days to get back to me hahahaha . these crap doctor proper riping the government and puplic off . living in £million houses and all they care their high wages and life style .

Author: Nivea Harris
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely abysmal!. Doctors don't have a clue and are very rude!. They don't have the knowledge to be doctors and just want to refer you to another doctor to get you to leave!. The quality of care is disgusting!. But yet the COC rating is good! Thats a joke!. To all patients beware, you're on speaker when the doctor calls back and we can all hear you in the waiting room!.

Author: Ricky Walker
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have real concerns about my health hardly even go doctors got to short rings i missed belive it or not i work so being able to call back but no i have to spend half a day rebooking. No times when just a date I'm a working and served why am I being treated like I don't matter i have a 4yr old. Just to know its. Not be to late disgusting. The app rubbish can't do it talk to me

Author: DAVID LEWIS
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Park Medical have allowed urgent medication to run out for my disabled Son, having completely ignored contact with carers from his supported living house.t I rang reception early this morning and was promised a call back from the Dr SOMETIME BETWEEN 11AM & 6PM !! Guess what nobody called. Will the Dr ring tomorrow, I dought it Another day without his necessary medication
