Practice: THOMAS WALKER WESTGATE HEALTHCARE
Canonical code: Y07060
Postcode: PE1 2QP
Google Maps title: Thomas Walker Surgery
Google rating: 2.1
Google review count: 197
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Thomas+Walker+Surgery/@52.5840224,-0.2465302,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sTHOMAS+WALKER+WESTGATE+HEALTHCARE+PE1+2QP!3m8!1s0x4877f12153d51f05:0xf5cac68f6b5d9a59!8m2!3d52.5840224!4d-0.2417666!9m1!1b1!15sCilUSE9NQVMgV0FMS0VSIFdFU1RHQVRFIEhFQUxUSENBUkUgUEUxIDJRUForIil0aG9tYXMgd2Fsa2VyIHdlc3RnYXRlIGhlYWx0aGNhcmUgcGUxIDJxcJIBBmRvY3RvcpoBJENoZERTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VSYU1rdERTbXgzUlJBQuABAPoBBAgTEC8!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0t6yrk?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Y07060-thomas-walker-westgate-healthcare.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Joyce Paul
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 1 star
I had an abdominal abscess for two weeks and contacted my GP, but I was not given an appointment until the following week. My request to be seen sooner was refused. My condition worsened and I ended up needing surgery under general anaesthetic to remove the abscess. The pain I went through was unbearable and could likely have been prevented if I had been seen earlier. This shows a serious lack of concern for patient safety. After the operation, I was unable to get an appointment for a dressing change. I had to push to be seen at the GP Hub just to receive basic care. I was also told by a receptionist, who has no clinical training, to manage a 3 cm cavity wound at home. This is completely inappropriate and unsafe. Overall, the service was extremely poor and unacceptable.

Author: Karolina Fedorenko
Date: Edited 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
The lack of empathy and understanding demonstrated in this situation is deeply concerning. It is unacceptable that patients or their families must repeatedly pursue medical professionals for updates or insist upon action before appropriate care is provided. Medical attention should not depend on how forcefully it is requested. When a patient is unwell, proposed treatments should not be dismissed with vague or unfounded justifications. Even more troubling is the suggestion that symptoms are being imagined, or that further contact regarding the same issue would result in refusal of care on the basis that the concerns are not real. Such statements are inappropriate, unprofessional, and potentially harmful. Conversations of this nature should never be directed toward patients seeking care. Conduct of this kind reflects a serious lapse in professional responsibility and raises significant concerns regarding the suitability of those involved to provide patient care. Patients and their families deserve to be treated with respect, diligence, and compassion at all times. You deserve 0 Starts with this service

Author: Marcelina -
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Seriously the worst doctors. Been going to the docs since June about my hand issue. I am certain that I'm allergic to something, keep refusing to do allergy testing. My hands have gone so much worse since and continuing to get worse , they just want to mask the problem with steroid creams that only work temporarily. If I could give 0 stars and just leave a comment I would. I can't function properly because of my hands. But it's not just my hands, my whole arms are covered in rash too at the moment. Update 15/02/2026 - after me suggesting to doctors that maybe could be my birth control pill doing this to my hand?? Doctor said that's not possible. Been off my pill for just over a month and my hand has finally cleared :)

Author: Svetla Ivanova
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Svetla Ivanovaa month ago

Author: Mike Bizzy
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst doctors I've ever experienced. They are not very helpful and can't wait to dismiss you off the the phone to use their online service. Waited 2 weeks for an appointment they never told me what time the appointment was. There called when i was at work and couldn't answer the phone. A because i missed the call they said i hadto book another appointment on the online service which would have 3 days for them to answer to maybe then wait another 2 weeks. What ever you do do not join

Author: Nanak Singh
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
This service has become an absolute shambles and has been on a steep decline since Covid, but today reached a new low. It is frankly repulsive, and I urge everyone to lodge formal complaints or boycott this practice entirely until they are held accountable. The level of incompetence is staggering. I started by calling early in the morning for an appointment, on holding for hours, only to be refused a conversation to book anything and directed to use their online form. I did exactly as asked on Friday 30th Jan for urgent medication for a gout attack. The request was ignored over the weekend. When I called back today (Wednesday 4th Feb) after suffering in silence for days, they claimed they "didn't see" the request. The irony is that the receptionist then proceeded to FILL OUT THE FORM for me over the phone - something that could have been done when I first called days ago, saving me days of torture. Because of their delays, my condition has spiralled. The inability to walk on my foot due to gout has triggered severe sciatica in my hip and lower back. I am in 9/10 searing pain, dehydrated from illness, and currently have to hold onto my wardrobe to winch myself up, taking 15 minutes just to get out of bed. Despite explaining this agony, and despite NHS guidelines clearly stating gout needs attention within 24 hours to prevent permanent joint damage, I received a text booking me for the 17th Feb. A TWO-WEEK wait for an emergency condition. To make matters worse, they even ignored my request for a repeat prescription of painkillers and anti-inflammatories to help me manage my back during this ridiculous wait. I didn't even need a face-to-face for that; I just needed help. You have sentenced a patient to two weeks of unnecessary, excruciating pain because of your broken administrative processes. This service is disgusting. Do better.

Author: Zdenko Bunczik
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutelly disgusting, what is thr point of filling out of forms at 7.30 am ig you cant get seen the same day but you actually have to wait 7days to be seen especialy wiyh child who had an infection that could lead to SEPSIS! if untreated. Those keyboard DRs they call them selves. Are you waiting for someone to actualy die for your incompetence? Wating 1 week to be seen then wait in waiting room for extra 40 minutes from the time of your appoitment for 2 minutes. Then dont get angry? If you do they will kick you out? You are having a laugh? This would never be in this state if Dr Bailey was still there (RIP)

Author: shilpa M
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
shilpa MLocal Guide · 19 reviews · 15 photos4 months ago

Author: sheila mills
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
sheila millsLocal Guide · 6 reviews · 2 photos5 months ago

Author: Iveta Stanislovaityte
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I have been with this surgery for years. I have never had a bad experience. Starting from the receptionist's ending with the staff members. Whenever i need an appointment i always get it quite quick. Now it’s even more easier to contact the surgery through the website. Responds really quickly. I would recommend.
