Practice: DR. BOYLE & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00204
Postcode: BT30 6BE
Google Maps title: The Green Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 20
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Green+Surgery/@54.3263508,-5.7157805,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4861153e7e87489b:0xa4f1416a347dffe5!8m2!3d54.3263477!4d-5.7132002!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc7s4qxb?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00204-dr-boyle-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: William Wade
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception are brilliant 👏 kind regards take calls 📞 just great 👍 …

Author: Shirley Weedon
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
They absolutely dont care. Tried calling all day today but just says they are closed. Have been in agony now for 3 months, they got an xray for me which i had to wait 3 weeks for, now over 5 weeks on after calling them almost every day they now say they are closed. Am at my wits end now, just dont know what yo do.

Author: Kevin Phillips
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kevin PhillipsLocal Guide · 18 reviews10 months ago

Author: Erin Horrox
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Erin Horroxa year ago

Author: shane ohare
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great surgery

Author: N•E•O•N •
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
N•E•O•N •3 reviewsa year ago

Author: Mairead Mulholland
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent 👍 …

Author: Batoul Tayfur
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Batoul Tayfur2 years ago

Author: Clodagh Mckee
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Serious gross negligence towards patients, refusal for treatment when emergency. A patient comes in close to sepsis needs antibiotics still no help no referral nothing. Also mistook my father for his dead father of 7 years. Embarrassed my father by saying “ I don’t need to see you” . Nothing but useless!!!

Author: H B
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve just moved to Downpatrick and am trying to register with a GP. Unfortunately, I was told that the only way to get an appointment is to phone at 8:30 am then the doctor will phone back during the day to triage my case. As someone with a fulltime job, this is completely impractical. Firstly, I start work at 8:30 am so, just going into the practice to register this morning, meant I was running almost an hour late and worked through my lunch hour. Secondly, if I am in meetings or out on a farm with a client, I cannot abruptly leave to answer the phone. I was told by the receptionist that this works for most people! The NHS shouldn't be accessible to most people. It should be accessible to everyone. The current system seems primarily to be aimed at the retired, the unemployed and stay at home mums. At the end of the day, everyone that works and pays taxes helps keep the NHS running so we should be able to access its services. The current system needs to be more flexible and offer a range of access routes depending on a person’s circumstances. Firstly, an online form to give medical history rather than phoning in would allow a working person to fill-in the form before work so they wouldn’t start the day by running late. It would also save receptionist time and make it easier for others phoning in as their call would be answered quicker. Secondly, giving clients the option of different types of triage appointments, not just phone calls but also text message, email, or whats app. If the medical history from the online form isn’t sufficient to triage the case, the doctor could request further information via text, whats app or email. This allows the client to respond at a time that is convenient to them rather than being expected to drop everything at an unspecified time with the related consequences. Thirdly, allowing a variety of appointment times including daytime, evening and weekends that are both same day and later in the week so that people can see the GP around work and provide their employer and clients with sufficient notice. At the end of the day, this is standard at most vet practices. Animal health care should not be more accessible and provided at a higher standard than human health care.
