Practice: DR. CREANEY & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00207
Postcode: BT30 6DE
Google Maps title: Stream Street Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 19
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Stream+Street+Surgery/@54.3239246,-5.7307577,15z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDR.+CREANEY+%26+PARTNERS+BT30+6DE!3m8!1s0x4861153ef93fa171:0xaa2306058793ac7e!8m2!3d54.3239246!4d-5.7117033!9m1!1b1!15sCh9EUi4gQ1JFQU5FWSAmIFBBUlRORVJTIEJUMzAgNkRFWiAiHmRyIGNyZWFuZXkgJiBwYXJ0bmVycyBidDMwIDZkZZIBDm1lZGljYWxfY2xpbmljmgEjQ2haRFNVaE5NRzluUzBWSlEwRm5TVVJQZUdWVFZXTlJFQUXgAQD6AQQIUBBI!16s%2Fg%2F1hc6hqgrj?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00207-dr-creaney-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: William Wade
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Very kind regards doctors and nurses helping with my care

Author: pfmcmullan84
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are excellent always - we all know the pressure GP Surgeries face and despite it they are always extremely helpful

Author: Twin Rodgers
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Brilliant practice, friendly staff. Can't say more than that. Inventive star btw

Author: Kevin Phillips
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very good.

Author: Martin Yeo
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Martin YeoLocal Guide · 7 reviews2 years ago

Author: Stephen Barnes
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Stephen Barnes146 reviews · 726 photos2 years ago

Author: S B
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute joke. The amount of times I've had to call them because my prescription hasn't arrived but I usually get in the end after they call it in, but now I've had a receptionist I haven't dealt with before telling me that they couldn't ring it in, cause "they don't do that" but I've had it multiple times done for me. I'm changing to somewhere else so I don't have to deal with this anymore.

Author: H B
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve just moved to Downpatrick and am trying to register with a GP. Unfortunately, I was told that the only way to get an appointment is to phone at 8:30 am then the doctor will phone back during the day to triage my case. As someone with a fulltime job, this is completely impractical. Firstly, I start work at 8:30 am so, just going into the practice to register this morning, meant I was running almost an hour late and worked through my lunch hour. Secondly, if I am in meetings or out on a farm with a client, I cannot abruptly leave to answer the phone. I was told by the receptionist that, if I’m genuinely ill, I would make time. I find this rather insulting given that I had just explained that my period has been going on for roughly 3 months. I appreciate this isn’t a medical emergency. I don’t need to go to A&E or call an ambulance or even have a same day appointment, but it is clearly abnormal and requires further investigation. I appreciate that a lot changed during COVID. However, most areas are returning to normal except GP surgeries which seem to be stuck in a COVID mentality. The ripple effects of this are huge. I have been trying (unsuccessfully) to see a doctor for over a month. The only way to achieve this seems to be to inconvenience my employer, my colleagues, and my clients, as I won't be able to provide any indication of when the doctor will phone during the day. The new system may be an improvement for some, but it is wildly impractical for others. The NHS should be accessible to everyone; not just the retired, the unemployed and stay at home mums that have a high degree of flexibility. At the end of the day, everyone that works and pays taxes helps keep the NHS running so we should be able to access its services. The current system needs to be more flexible and offer a range of access routes depending on a person’s circumstances. Firstly, an online form to give medical history rather than phoning in would allow a working person to fill-in the form before work so they wouldn’t start the day by running late. It would also save receptionist time and make it easier for others phoning in as their call would be answered quicker. Secondly, giving clients the option of different types of triage appointments, not just phone calls but also text message, email, or whats app. If the medical history from the online form isn’t sufficient to triage the case, the doctor could request further information via text, whats app or email. This allows the client to respond at a time that is convenient to them rather than being expected to drop everything at an unspecified time with the related consequences. Thirdly, allowing a variety of appointment times including daytime, evening and weekends that are both same day and later in the week so that people can see the GP around work and provide their employer and clients with sufficient notice. At the end of the day, this is standard at most vet practices. Animal health care should not be more accessible and provided at a higher standard than human health care.

Author: Alice Reville
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve had brilliant service from this surgery, in particular from Dr Creaney and Lisa on reception. Lisa was amazing when we ran into difficulties registering at a very stressful time when I needed a letter to carry medication abroad. Really impressed, thank you.

Author: Anne Doherty
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Anne DohertyLocal Guide · 110 reviews · 758 photos3 years ago
