Practice: DR. MANSON & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00258
Postcode: BT20 4LD
Google Maps title: Bangor Health Centre
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 25
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Bangor+Health+Centre/@54.643835,-5.6945614,14z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDR.+MANSON+%26+PARTNERS+BT20+4LD!3m8!1s0x4861758a360332df:0xbc49b427ad6b34b6!8m2!3d54.654977!4d-5.6747216!9m1!1b1!15sCh5EUi4gTUFOU09OICYgUEFSVE5FUlMgQlQyMCA0TERaHyIdZHIgbWFuc29uICYgcGFydG5lcnMgYnQyMCA0bGSSAQ5tZWRpY2FsX2NlbnRlcpoBRENpOURRVWxSUVVOdlpFTm9kSGxqUmpsdlQydzRNRk5FV2tKVWJtZDNVMGMxVlZSNlFUSmtSRnBSVkRKMFJWTkdSUkFC4AEA-gEECFkQQw!16s%2Fg%2F1hc37tx1g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00258-dr-manson-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Lorraine See
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
The nurses have been very patient with me when I had a panic attack during a blood test. I have no trouble getting an appointment within a week when needed.

Author: 陈霆
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Today, I went out to see a doctor at the health center. Their front desk was under renovation and moved outside the door. I wasn't sure which one was my doctor and didn't pay attention to the names on the desks. So I asked the first lady at the front desk I saw when I came out. Her response and tone were very unpleasant and impolite. She seemed extremely impatient. Actually, I just wanted to ask how to find my doctor.😤

Author: Marlene Thompson
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Whenever you find yourself needing a doctor, we all know the score. You have to wait your turn in the phone queue, give details, and then wait for a call-back. None of this ideal, but that is the system we have. Be patient and courteous with the reception staff, they are under immense pressure. And they are nice people. Yes, I too have had a few not so great experiences in the past. But I am thankful and grateful for all the times when I received good medical care. The doctors that need a mention for their help - dr Doran, dr Gough, dr McCarvary, dr Doyle, dr Mason and dr Shaw.

Author: Katdosestuff
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have went down to this GP practice today after repeatedly trying to get an appointments for my husbands for his mental health and his fiscal health. After my husband ringing repeatedly on several occasions and ringing 72 times yesterday he finally got put throw to a dr today who hung up. We went down to the practice and the receptionist was so unbelievably unhelpful that I told he I was leaving until he was seen. She then got the practice manager who said I had threatened said receptionist (which she piped in during the conversation to state) this is a complete lie! I did not threaten anyone! I understandable got very angry about her lying! There is no medical care provided by this GP and I will be taking this as far as I can! That fact that she lied and said I threatened her was appalling and despicable! Leaving my husband without mental and fiscal treatment if anything happens to my husband I will be holding this practice liable!

Author: David Entwistle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Reception staff are rude

Author: William crawford
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
After waiting for a week to try and self heal I tried to get through to the doctor. After 12 attempted calls by me my daughter finally talked to someone and I was told here’s the doctor after a 3 minute call I got a week of antibiotics and told if that doesn’t work ring me back Friday. By Friday I knew they were not working and tried to call back on Friday but to no avail. I have just spent all day Monday 9 th and still nothing. I can’t figure if the Doctor doesn’t care when he says phone back or he had no idea what’s going on at his surgery Very disappointed after over 50 years paying into this club there must be a better way to manage time and resources.

Author: Amanda Lyttle
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I'm with Abbey Family Practice and honestly cannot sing their praises high enough especially Dr Hutchinson, she is such a lovely and caring lady. I have suffered for over 20 years with back pain and every GP I've seen has put it down to wear and tear, ive also had a few physio sessions which did not work, last time I went to the physio at this practise I got the feeling that I was just an imposition because she told me that looking at my xray results there was damage that she would expect in someone over 50 but when I spoke with Dr Hutchinson re the xray results she said its no wonder I'm in pain as I have osteoarthritis on both sides of lower spine and severe significant disc spacing meaning I've no disc and it's bone on bone, I actually cried over the phone while speaking to Dr Hutchinson as even though I'm in constant pain I now know why. Other than this all in all I think staff are amazing, receptionists are absolutely lovely cannot fault any of them. So glad I registered here when I moved to Bangor 7 years ago.

Author: Julia Browik
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible service avoid as much is possible.

Author: Ceri Hughes
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Attended yesterday due to asthma symptoms. In area visiting family so not registered at practice. The staff couldn’t be more helpful, unfortunately I can’t recall her name but the lady on reception with the enviably neat pony tail was fantastic. Nursing and medical staff also great they had good understanding and a compassionate ear. Patients in this catchment area are very lucky indeed.

Author: Edward Mihr
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely poor communication. To the point one cannot access care. When you complain in writing the issues are "a Trust issue" and pawned off on someone else
