Practice: DR. HALL & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00221
Postcode: BT26 6AW
Google Maps title: Hillsborough Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 40
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hillsborough+Medical+Practice/@54.4631705,-6.0827774,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x4861034e13ec5067:0x7b53ba954f58a73!4m8!3m7!1s0x4861034e88d9910d:0xf6e36a9482c6a843!8m2!3d54.4631674!4d-6.0801971!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfs0gz0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00221-dr-hall-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Ben Dickey
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Nightmare to get an appointment Make a booking link or something Lovely staff tho

Author: Phil P
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Phil P7 reviewsa month ago

Author: Aaron Maguire
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Rude reception staff, speak to you like they’re doing you a favour. Honestly, something must be done about how GP practices are run these days, but this practice is worse than most.

Author: Amy Dobson
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very disappointed with their service. My son is on medication they didn’t tell me when he turned one he couldn’t have the prescription unless he was reviewed by a paediatrician I didn’t find this out until I was trying to get repeat prescription. I rang multiple mornings kept being told no call backs I went down to the surgery as soon as they opened again no calls backs!! Eventually one morning got a call back to be told they will refer him which the waiting list is months and no he can’t have the medication,bear in mind this medication stops my son constantly vomiting. I took him private and found out has a hernia and I have not got any letter in about him being referred for an appointment you really failed my son not once did you see him and he is a child!

Author: P T
Date: Edited 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This medical facility, like most UK NHS general medical practices, is under heavy pressure of demand. This can make timely access to a GP quite challenging for some patients. But we also have to remember that this practice serves a geographically large area with an increasingly elderly population catchment and hence there is a complex and labour-intensive case-mix. As well, the practice is of course financially limited (and by no fault of its own) by virtue of the simple fact it is entirely publically funded. Nevertheless, Hillsborough Medical Practice has some very experienced family doctors, such as GP partners Drs Hall, Winter and Crawford. They are also innovative in trying to adapt their practice services to meet increasing demands, yet they are never compromising in the high standard of empathic medical care which they provide to their patients. Overall, Hillsborough Medical Practice is an exceptional health provider.

Author: Katie Mernagh
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Did not have a positive experience today unfortunately! I found it very difficult to get an appointment. The times that I was available to take a telephone call were not respected by the doctor or administration staff. I requested face to face appointment and this was not accepted, my mother also called and this made no difference. I was very upset after the call and felt that I have received better treatment in other HSC trusts and in Ireland. I hope they take this feedback going forward as I am tempted to change practices as a result.

Author: Emma Hassard
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I moved to this practice at the start of 2025 and have experienced a number of health issues since that time. I cannot thank the staff enough because they have been truly amazing. Like any other practice in the UK, it is difficult to get appointments but that’s not their fault. The reception staff are friendly, approachable and helpful. The nursing staff are calming and knowledgable. And the drs have always listened to my health concerns and not shrugged off my worries, which I’d experienced so frequently elsewhere. I have been so delighted by the service here and feel like my health is being taken sido for the very first time in my life. Thank you

Author: Stuart Roberts
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Used to be a great practise. Simply impossible to get an appointment. Seems to be completely unregulated - simply not fit for purpose and would genuinely worry about the elderly , and frail, as their only option would appear to be queuing in whatever A&E they can queue at. Appalling situation !!

Author: Cameron Porter
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
An excellent advertisement for Kingsbridge - just go private. Still running a Covid service so zero chance of seeing a GP unless you win the horrid horse race they run once a week to see who gets the vaunted callback from a doctor. The service it provides has been unfit for purpose for years, as even getting to speak to a receptionist on a phone is not possible as they close the phone lines every other week. Staff are friendly but go elsewhere for medical help.

Author: P Grigio
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
A daily 25minute window of opportunity to get through to make an appointment is tragic.
