Practice: DR. BAIRD & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00387
Postcode: BT38 7HT
Google Maps title: Scotch Quarter Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 30
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Scotch+Quarter+Practice/@54.7199912,-5.8015912,17z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDR.+BAIRD+%26+PARTNERS+BT38+7HT!3m8!1s0x4861a1ecddddf46d:0xfec98de5bf774c0c!8m2!3d54.720153!4d-5.7991012!9m1!1b1!15sCh1EUi4gQkFJUkQgJiBQQVJUTkVSUyBCVDM4IDdIVFoeIhxkciBiYWlyZCAmIHBhcnRuZXJzIGJ0MzggN2h0kgEGZG9jdG9ymgFEQ2k5RFFVbFJRVU52WkVOb2RIbGpSamx2VDJ4Q1IweFhVbmxqYldSbVkwWmtkMUZyUmxaYVJrbDVZekkwTW1GV1JSQULgAQD6AQQIKRAo!16s%2Fg%2F1v8h_vrf?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00387-dr-baird-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Michael Burns
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely pathetic service. I have been receiving treatment that's not working and have to try the 08:30 deliberate phone firewall designed to make it as difficult as possible to get to speak to a doctor to try alternative treatments and medication. Today I tried 111 - that's one hundred and eleven times over 15 minutes to get through without success. Absolutely pathetic and we have absolutely no option to go elsewhere as the health service is on its knees.

Author: kristian simov
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
impossible to get an appointment over the phone

Author: Paul Campbell
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Refusal of practice partners to take part in shared care. I have been left facing a five year wait for medication after being told by the practice that they would not be providing me with my medication as I "chose to be seen privately" (practice managers exact words) to see a consultant when faced with a five year wait on my NHS referral. I now have the option of waiting for five years or pay a private Gp £30 a month the write the prescription for me, then pay a further £70 a month for the medication. I am not in a position to be able to afford that at this time and will have to go without and wait on my NHS appointment in order to be prescribed the same medication, then, the practice will give it to me as it was prescribed by an NHS consultant. It is a choice for the practice not to take part in shared care, it isn't something that they can't do, its that they don't want to do it. I spoke with one of the partners in the practice, Dr Dickson and told him of my concern, that I was facing a five year wait on medication. I asking why my care could not be shared between them and a private consultant, he said that the practice choses not to take part in shared care and that "it is more trouble than it is worth" It was Dr Dickson who initially referred me to the NHS and advised me of the wait time that I faced. He said I had the option to be seen privately, but failed to tell me that if I did, the practice would not supply the prescription. I asked some questions in order to get a better understanding of why this was happening and to better get a true understanding of where the NHS is. He told me that its likely Gp practices will go the way of dentists and be private in around ten years or so. He also told me how long it has been since practice partners got a pay increase. I am shocked and saddened by the health care system and can't believe how little some our Gp's actually care for us. Some of them are clearly motivated more by their wage.

Author: D Sang
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to thank the staff at scotch quarter practice for the incredible care and support that my father has received during his recent illness. Communication has also been very good. This is greatly appreciated. People are very quick to criticise GP practices but please remember that they are doing their best in a very broken system.

Author: Heather Gibson
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Heather Gibson5 reviews7 months ago

Author: Ross Ruberry
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Can't say a bad word about the practice. Never once failed to get an appointment. Any staff I have spoken to from Reception staff, Nurses to Doctors have been so helpful and kind. Practices get so much negativity but I can't say a bad word about here. Keep up the hard work guys and thank you for all you do.

Author: Elisabeth Clarke
Date: Edited 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I would actually give this place no stars if I could.diagnised with cancer for a 3rd time.from the moment I was released from the hospital where I received good care it went downhill almost immediately. Doctors in this place have next to no compassion or care to give.they simply don't have any and don't care about anything but to sent you on your merry way with paracetamol. Apparently this stuff cures everything Edit; I just received another one of their silly propaganda pieces of information on how this surgery has "got" x amount of people off painkillers..newsflash...they just take them away and leave people in pain and desperate. Basically forcing over the counter remedies that don't work but when you're in pain you will try anything.also probably doing your body a lot of damage.this is the sort of health service this surgery practices.along with a good old fashioned dose of patronising smiles and "go home and you'll be fine " stuff

Author: Roberta Young
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Roberta YoungLocal Guide · 87 reviews · 10 photosa year ago

Author: Andrew Crawford
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
After putting in a repeat prescription on the 16th October and today is the 26th October they forgot to put in my prescription so had to wait again and have withdraws and no emby pins ether it's a disgrace and not very happy either. Updating this sort out the people how to answer the phone

Author: Mac
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Scotch Quarter Practice really need to do something with their telephone answering. You can wait up to two hours for them to answer the phone on several of their services. They are just not organised, and the majority of the office people are very rude, but that's not the main problem, the main problem is the the offic staff and management don't give a damn about the patients and it appears on the surface the Doctors don't care about the practice but only care about their huge pay checks.
