Practice: DR. WALLS & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00406
Postcode: BT45 5DD
Google Maps title: Garden Street Surgery
Google rating: 3.4
Google review count: 10
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Garden+Street+Surgery/@54.7572765,-6.6131018,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x48605c98d2a41d1d:0x95bfe151a9d8d7ee!8m2!3d54.7572734!4d-6.6105215!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td1tvy1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 1
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00406-dr-walls-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Tareq Diwana
Date: a week ago
Rating: 4 stars
Good GP but have some disadvantages but only basic things so wouldn't be a big of a deal. Like calling at certain times and more.. but other than that great

Author: Chris D
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Some of the most cheekiest receptionist Ive ever had the displeasure of communicating with. Wastes her patients time(more than once), they cut you off while speaking, do their up most to make you feel tiny. Horrible, horrible impression they have left on me, the receptionists are meant to be kind and helping, the one with curly red hair in particular is who the most problems are stemmed from. Ive never had a problem at old practice not ONCE over 25+ years.

Author: X R
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Recently joined practice over half a year ago was astonished at how fantastic the practice was. Doctors were so empathic and understanding and actually listened to you u like other practices. Receptionists (except one) and other Clerical Staff would have went out of their way. However, since the inhumane approach across most privately owned General Practitioners funded by the NHS of telephone triage and now having to disclose incredibly sensitive medical information to a receptionist who says a factual statement about an appointment and less than 5 minutes later goes back on her word, has absolutely no empathy and is asking questions into medication and health conditions which are strictly and lawfully private. It's now getting where one has to be interviewed by a Receptionist, to be deemed worthy over a phone call if you can speak to or see a doctor. And the same individual, who clearly isn't incredibly happy in their role denies their employment roles and responsibilities making up false statements and not bothering to make one single effort to check had the surgery received a communication line from another hospital/department (whom had confirmed they had received it several times) after almost a working week of wasting not hours but days of my own time back and forth same receptionist different excuse every time other department guaranteed it was "received" the next day from Initial enquiry. Yet speaking to another receptionist who was beyond helpful and went out of their way and within less than an hour had telephoned to confirm the enquiry was actually several steps ahead. Again evidently showing individual in mention is palming off the public, in specialist and generic terms and attitude clearly indicates no empathy, no willingness to actually do their job as illustrated above aka check for a document which was their for almost a week but continued to palm and essentially lie to a patient and having the patient running around doing there job. Again highlighting Garden Street in general staff are fantastic however a telephone triage system, receptionist(s) asking medical questions and medical history questions which are extremely private and sensitive which is legally private to the patent and Doctor not a general member of staff. Essentially communicating false statements in serious matters due to what the most would say "cannot be bothered to do their job" by saying a type of appointment is possible one minute then 5 minutes later going completely back on their word and having the patient waste their own time whilst doing that person's job ringing to and from various hospital departments for over a week for a communication line and documents which where there all along only took asking another receptionist who had everything sorted within less than 30 minutes as everything was ALREADY THERE and being PROCESSED. It would be shame after hearing several members of the public speak of and review the similar, if not exact same response, for such a good practice to acquire a low level.of service and patient care due to lies, deciet and tardiness of one or two front line staff simply mentally deciding and physically inclined to not perform their basic job roles and responsibilities.

Author: Conor
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Everyone always very nice to me.

Author: Caoimhe Kennedy
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent receptionists and brilliant quality of care from all General Practitioners

Author: Snuffy
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Short, sharp, nasty receptionists! No empathy, no respect, no caring!

Author: Rebecca Lilly
Date: 5 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Rebecca LillyLocal Guide · 27 reviews · 2 photos5 years ago

Author: pauline barker
Date: Edited 6 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
pauline barkerLocal Guide · 77 reviewsEdited 6 years ago

Author: M.Lonak LASER CLINIC
Date: 7 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I don’t know what you need to book an appointment 8:30 if you have temperatures 9? I have very bad experience with this service

Author: Leonard McKeown
Date: 10 years ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent practice - all first class doctors and nurses
