Practice: DR. RODGERS & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00626
Postcode: BT47 6AH
Google Maps title: Riverfront Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.4
Google review count: 33
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Riverfront+Medical+Practice/@54.9919441,-7.3139851,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x485fe19bad1feaa5:0x2e1dc2d128f20d61!4m8!3m7!1s0x485fe19a4cce4429:0x4edf67565b9a0c67!8m2!3d54.991941!4d-7.3114048!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc14d955?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00626-dr-rodgers-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Dr.Meenal Saxena
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
A horrible and unacceptable experience with the practice. They lost my registration papers submitted few months back and the staff was totally apathetic and rude at the time of reregistration. Wouldn't advice anyone to try them

Author: Frances Pollock
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I contacted the practice as my little granddaughter wasn't well. The receptionist was extremely kind and helpful. We got an appointment that afternoon. It's quite difficult taking a toddler to the doctor, but the doctor was great with her. My granddaughter had her doctor's kit and her toy monkey. She examined the doctor, the monkey and me, then the doctor did the same with her stethoscope. It was such a positive experience for our wee one. Everything was clearly explained regarding the illness as the doctor knew I'd have to relate it mummy and daddy. A prescription and assurances were given with the advice not to hesitate to come back if the symptoms didn't ease. The NHS at it's best.

Author: jamie mills
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute shambles of a place rang in 64 times couldn’t get thru to anyone started ringing at 8.30 absolute disgrace, may hope your not sick the day you need the doctor cause it’ll be 6 months before anyone can see you.

Author: John Mcfeeters
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Told to provide a sample then told not to call for results ring in .for two or three days try ringing between 11am and 4pm on the phone for 20 minutes then cut off.try again next day and same .better service at the vets .sadly a broken service to a once great institution.

Author: Kyle Court
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Kyle Court2 reviews10 months ago

Author: Stephen Kelly
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Where to start with this place.. Place is an absolute joke since covid.. can't make an appointment in person but never answer there phone to make an appointment.. reception staff are nothing but ignorant and need a lot of training. Left registration forms in 6 years ago only to be told I wasn't registered a month ago when I went to change my address and that they had lost my form.. the fact that they still take on new patients is insane when they literally can't help the ones they have already. Its a shame how badly run the place is as The Dr's and nurses are amazing in there

Author: Josh Kaiser
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The treatment of customer's by all staff members is unacceptable. The zero abuse tolerance policy that they have should also apply to patients and customers. If there was a 0 star option they would be more than deserving of it. Honestly I feel like healthcare is of a higher standard in third world country's than at riverfront medical.

Author: Alan Thompson
Date: a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
Yes it can be difficult to get through but it is a sign of the times recently I have had to see doctors several times found shona in reception very helpfull and was able to get to see a doctor who was helpfull and was very helpfull

Author: Inspirational History
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I was a patient of Riverside Medical Practice for five years. In all honesty, this was the worst medical practice I ever came across. I believe that Riverfront Medical failed in their duty of care for me. The practice has over 9000 patients, it is overwhelmed and effective due to large patient numbers. With that said, my GP was the best doctor I ever had and the practice nurse was amazing! The medical staff are very good. The issues are with the way the practice is managed. The practice manager, senior medical partners and receptionists let this practice down. A few days after I joined Riverfront, I was the victim of a serious data protection breach. Royal Mail posted me an envelope containing my personal details and the personal information of a number of other patients. The admin staff had failed to pay the correct postage when forwarding this information to Medical Support Services. I just happend to be the first person at the top of pile and Royal Mail posted me everyone's information. I reported this to the practice manager, she promised to get back to me, however that was the last I heard of the matter. At the time, I should have made an official complaint, I was afraid to complain because everyone is afraid to complain about their doctor. This is why practices like this get away with errors and are not held to account. When calling in the morning for an appointment, the telephone lines are usually engaged from 8.30am onwards. When I eventually got to speak to a member of staff, normally I was advised to ring again the next day because there were no appointments. Patients deserve be treated better than this! On one occasion, I was told to ring back the next morning, I was running a very high temperature. It was only when I called A & E and they instructed me to come to the hospital. Only then, was l allowed to see a doctor. I had a very bad infection, that moved into my bloodstream and was beginning to attack my heart. I was sent straight to hospital where I spent a week on IV antibiotics. I was told I was very lucky! I should not have been allowed to get so sick when antibiotics are available. It happened because I wasn't able to access a doctor. Some of the receptionists were very unhelpful, abrupt and rude. For some staff, anything asked of them seemed to be too much bother. Their usual response was "ring again tomorrow" or outright refuse to help. Some of the new receptionist seem to be more helpful. The issue is with staff who have worked at the practice for a long time and have got into a rut. Things were not delt with in a timely manner, there were errors made with post and emails. Letters forwarded to the practice by other medical professionals were never answered. I had a tremendous amount of respect for my GP, who was extremely professional and empathetic. Sometimes l wondered if information was passed on correctly or even give to my GP. Perhaps, if the practice manger had run a tighter ship much of these issues and mistakes could have been avoided. Often sloppy and poor work is a result of poor management. I stayed because I didn't want to lose a great GP who I really respected. When I did make my thoughts known to the practice manager about their failure to provide an adequate duty of care, they told me "perhaps a new start with another practice would do you good". The practice manager failed to acknowledge that the practice was at fault. I found them dogmatic and explained away all my concerns and issues. Patients should not be treated like this, they have rights. When I tried to make my concerns know I was put in my place and felt browbeaten. I hope I have left an honest and measured review. There is no point having a great GP if you can never access them. People should complain and not accept treatment like this! I added a picture of an empty waiting room, when you look at this, I wonder why patients get an appointment in this practice to see a doctor; it is disgraceful! My new practice is friendly, accessible and professional and not at all like Riverfront!

Author: angelina
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lovely staff!! The receptionists are always very helpful when I ring up and there hasn't been a day where I didn't get an appointment when I rang up between 8.30-10!! It does take a lot of calls to get through but that has nothing to do with the actual practice and is just because of how many people are trying to ring all at once. The practice nurse Oonagh (I think that's her name) is absolutely lovely and so helpful! The doctors that I've seen recently Dr O'kelly and Dr. Cregan were both so so lovely and helped me so much they helped me more than I could've imagined. Definitely recommend this practice. (Probably shouldn't though because I don't want it to be busier 🤣)
