Practice: DR. DOOHAN & PARTNERS
Canonical code: Z00602
Postcode: BT48 7DH
Google Maps title: Oakleaf Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 73
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Oakleaf+Medical+Practice/@54.9995805,-12.2044034,7z/data=!4m12!1m2!2m1!1sDR.+DOOHAN+%26+PARTNERS+BT48+7DH!3m8!1s0x485fe17f31663cf3:0x2083393bb76d195f!8m2!3d54.9995805!4d-7.3264737!9m1!1b1!15sCh5EUi4gRE9PSEFOICYgUEFSVE5FUlMgQlQ0OCA3REhaHyIdZHIgZG9vaGFuICYgcGFydG5lcnMgYnQ0OCA3ZGiSARRnZW5lcmFsX3ByYWN0aXRpb25lcpoBI0NoWkRTVWhOTUc5blMwVkpRMEZuU1VSeU1tVnBVbGxCRUFF4AEA-gEECAAQQQ!16s%2Fg%2F1yh9tq93j?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxOC4xIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.0
Review collection mode: visible_cards
Review cards collected: 10
Owner replies collected: 0
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: datasets/national-practices/output/google-review-raw/Z00602-dr-doohan-and-partners.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Politically Incorrect
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Tbh this practice is a great example as to the state of the NHS atm. This practice first decided to change the days you can request an appointment from Monday-Friday to Monday, Wednesday and Friday. This has led to a situation where it's virtually impossible to get an appointment over the phone and you have to go down and line up in person from 8am if you want any chance of getting an appointment. A lot of this is also due to the fact that the receptionists in there seem more concerned with their own mobile phones than actually answering the practice's phones. Next is the doctors. Some of the staff in this practice are helpful and do genuinely care for their patients; others unfortunately you could walk into them with a leg blown off and they'll give you a strip of paracetamol and send you on your way. A complete disregard of the duty of care. I know it's common for people to just put their hands up and say "oh it's just the state of the health service" or "oh the practice is on its knees" but I feel like this is just lazy, and we need to be more willing to demand better from our health service. It isn't good enough, and the state of the economy or the "practice is own its knees" simply won't do anymore.

Author: Keeley Anderson
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Went above an beyond with my mum who was palative care for a decade an cannot ever thank them enough before Dr mclay left she was my mum's doctor but her friend also an forever thankful to her an all at nurses station reception an all lovely staff and amazing Dr mclay although t she did see.dr Nicola Duffy few times an loved both the. Mum's passed few years now but only now I can take time an thank all at oakleap medical centre who were amazing as was hatmore Medicare my mum was never let down I use them for weekly meds an am never let down trust them so much an were also so good we me mum but especially practice an all involved especially Dr Duffy an Dr mclay who has moved on. Thankyou from all her family use are amazing practice under so much pressure

Author: amy daddyeamon@hotmail.co.uk
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
amy daddyeamon@hotmail.co.ukLocal Guide · 5 reviews · 2 photosEdited 3 months ago

Author: Shannon Mcneill
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors treatment is absolutely abysmal. I was told by Dr McLaughlin that I had health anxiety and would benefit from counselling after I had been to her multiple times with differing symptoms, and that referrals to hospital would be inappropriate . I finally moved practice and my new GP was in absolute shock at my treatment and how I was ignored, not believed and made to feel I was lying and drug seeking. 3 Urgent referrals and a surgery later - I was diagnosed with two chronic conditions that I will have for life that has been rotting me inside. Need to retrain and redo your degrees and placements! BELIEVE WOMEN - YOU ARE ONE. You denied me care that has left me with hardly any quality of life, I’d love to know what my life would look like now had you done your job and believed me instead of shooing me away.

Author: Mushtaq Talip
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Mushtaq Talip4 reviews · 19 photos5 months ago

Author: shea doherty
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Was denied from the front desk for my booked appointment and wasn't aloud to reschedule abysmal some duty of care

Author: Kathleen Barrett
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could leave a 0 review I would! Suffering with mental health and degenerate discs anytime I call if I'm lucky they pick up phone told call back next morning! When I do so after waiting 15 minutes they just disconnect my call, worst surgery ever! And them secretary's think they're doctors 🙄 I'm going to make a formal complaint in relation to not having my antidepressants sorted and always an issue with medication when I go to chemist, they give the run around e try month, any wonder people are dying waiting on these inconsiderate clowns 🤡 helping .

Author: Caoimhe Fee
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Caoimhe Feea year ago

Author: Gareth Strain
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Gareth Strain2 reviewsa year ago

Author: Amber
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
My granda has been battling cancer for over 3 years. He’s had dialysis treatment, bone marrow transplant, liver failure, skin cancer he’s been in pain for those three years. In the last two months an intense pain has been in his left shoulder, I’ve never seen him in this much pain. He can’t open anything or use his left hand it’s scrunched up in pain, he can’t sleep without using cocodomol and even at that it’s rare it works. He has rang this medical practice everyday for over 3 weeks and gets the same treatment over the phone, they don’t take a single word he says seriously. I genuinely don’t understand how a medical centre can neglect patients so much especially cancer patients. It’s a disgrace. Everyone in that building and answering those phones should be ashamed of themselves knowing they are letting an old man with cancer suffer so severely.
