Practice: Whitworth Medical Centre
Canonical code: P81088
Postcode: OL12 8QS
Google Maps title: Whitworth Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Whitworth+Medical+Centre/@53.6611162,-2.1733365,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bbe82de18723b:0xacdef44f12cc9bf2!8m2!3d53.6611162!4d-2.1733365!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tptq4wd?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Fishysteve Knight
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Very busy for trying to get appointments can be sat there a while but very friendly and helpful

Author: Mandy Rush
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
As of October 1st 2025 gov.uk made the announcement that patients in the UK, will be able to request appointments online throughout the day, rather than calling their surgery or visiting in person. We are now almost 2 weeks into that announcement, and Whitworth surgery has yet to reinstate their online booking system which has been unoperational since November 2022! Speaking as a person who works full time and begins at 7:30am, making an appointment outside of works time is pretty much impossible and, if you are fortunate enough to get an appointment, it's often a month away and in working hours. Online booking is essential for those who are employed, and in order to access this it has to be operational. Surely nearly 3 years to get it back up and running is plenty of time?

Author: Bryan Siddall
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
"First visit after 9 months of registering for surgery" About: Whitworth Medical Centre First visit after 9 months of registering for surgery i thought most gp see you after registering I have IBD, which gives me a lot of other illnesses as well . I went in with an ear infection that was looked at, and my big toe was told to go to a chiropodist privert as dr dose does not do feet. This was off-putting, I was only in there for about 2 minutes, and it was like gp was thinking who next as I opened the door. My gastro doctor at the hospital says if I were you, I would move, so I will be doing so. Ulcerative colitis affects your immune system so you get other illnesses often

Author: Dennis Worrall
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Definitely a third rate practice with poor management

Author: Janet Kenyon
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Booked an appointment Wednesday pm, got one for Thursday morning, phone was picked up within two mins and the GP saw us bang on time. Pleasant and helpful reception staff and the GP we saw. I can't ask anything more from a surgery

Author: John Kirkbride
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Very Poor. Tried to ring up and was on hold for 14mins 36sec and I was No1 in queue so glad I wasn't No 2. Had an operation yesterday and was advised by Burnley Hospital to contact GP for a dressing change in 3 days. Earliest appointment available 18th February I was advised by receptionist. She then advised me to ring another number. What would have been courteous was to take my number and pass it on so the relevant person who could have contacted me when they became available. To say I was No1 in the queue and she said that she had been answering the phone I can only presume it was her mobile she had been answering.

Author: Louise Pattison
Date: a year ago
Rating: 3 stars
Reluctant 3, 2.5 might’ve been better but wasn’t an option a 2 felt a bit harsh. Staff I’ve dealt with in the while have been professional and friendly (there was one GP who referred to me as a ‘good girl’ and ‘good little girl’ multiple times on a telephone appointment (I’m definitely no a little girl at the age of 32!) this was when I had been discussing my recent mental health improvement following a dose adjustment from a different GP. It’s a nightmare getting an appointment, I set my alarm for 0758, have a minute to warm up my fingers and then call and call and call. Once I was 2nd in the queue for 40minutes when I called immediately after opening, God only knows what was happening there that morning but there was no apology. I often manage to see the same GP (done through the app, booking 3-4 weeks in advance and checking any newly released appointments a couple of times a day) he is always late, but always apologetic and I don’t mind as I think this means he’s giving people a little more time when needed, we don’t always fit into a 10-15minute slot! Whenever I’ve been for bloods or to see the nurse they’ve been pretty close to on time and polite. I feel as though they have too many patients for the number of staff at the surgery, if people could just get an appointment it would go a long way to a good experience/review. Had a telephone appointment today, surgery closed over an hour ago and I’ve had no call. I’m assuming it’s not happening now 😂 after spending all day with my phone glued to me in case I missed a call!

Author: SukoPlayz
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
Called at 8:05am to book an appointment for my leg which has a gaping hole due to an infection, was forced to wait 44 minutes due to the que being at 20 or more and was let down from hearing "There is no longer any appointments avaliable" What am I supposed to do about this hole in my leg thats sinking down to the bone???? I guess emergency would be better huh..

Author: Kerry Earnshaw
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been at this practice since 2020 and have always had a good experience.

Author: Ethan Pearce
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Please tell me more on the girl fancying the guy at kokos are they together yet I must kno more
