Practice: The Elms Medical Centre
Canonical code: P83608
Postcode: M45 7FD
Google Maps title: The Elms Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 91
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Elms+Medical+Centre/@53.5532242,-2.2952154,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ba542dda4771d:0xa01abd9c34557e0c!8m2!3d53.5532242!4d-2.2952154!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc61chrn?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Kabita Parajuli
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Reception and staff all genuinely and consistently try to be helpful, and the junior doctors are consistently very helpful and proactive — thank you!!

Author: DAVID STONEFIELD
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am very pleased by the prompt responses to my requests for an appointment. I get face to face and telephone appointments quickly and I am very happy with the attention I receive. I got a call from Dr. Andrew today who gave me good and helpful advice.

Author: Robert Mcbrien
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not answering the phone 5th in the queue now 3rd it's been 45 minutes would give them no stars if I could update later if I live that long.. They took 1 hour 20 mins to answer and what a shook no appointments available will have to call in the morning that's me having to have a day off tomorrow if they even have any appointments left when I get through.me and the other 25 people in the queue tomorrow

Author: Howard Thorp
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would just like the opportunity to highlight the quality service provision at the Elms Medical Practice. I recently attended the practice for a follow up appointment. As always the receptionist is your first point of contact. The two ladies in question were so friendly and offered some of the best customer service I've been offered. The quality of the service provision didn't stop there. I was actually offered a consultation with one of the doctors the following day to talk through my individual situation. The team then put together a plan for me going forward to undertake further blood tests etc. I feel so lucky to have such a special team of first class professionals on hand in Whitefield. Not only offering 5 star customer service but also providing the best medical advice to all their patients. Thank you to all the members of the team.👍😁

Author: dana Ziad
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
All GPs are good except one called Andrew he is the most annoying and unprofessional I have ever seen, my son has special needs and he can’t stay still he treated him like an animal. Hopefully I will make an official complaint about him !!!

Author: johanna maddison
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am so pleased with Dr Sarfraz and everybody at THE ELMS they go out of their way to help me and my husband Michael with numerous health problems Thank you

Author: scott phelan
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolute sick of this practice been with them over 10 years been trying to get appointments for over a month now for a major concern in my health keep getting told there’s no appointments this practice does not care about patients at all time to go else where

Author: Christopher Jm
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was able, via the NHS app, to get a next-day, face-to-face appointment with Dr A. Ahmed, whom I saw today regarding a recent letter from my neurologist. I was so impressed with her attentiveness and empathy, and I will be following through on her open-minded advice regarding the best way forward in diagnosing and treating my condition. I think it's important to acknowledge the general progress being made at the Elms Medical Centre. There is a good team in place. I want also to thank the reception staff, who have been supportive and helpful . I'm sure it isn't always an easy job.

Author: Yasin Soltani
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I’ve been trying to book an appointment with this GP surgery, but it’s been very frustrating. I waited over 30 minutes on the phone today, and when someone finally answered, they just told me to call back tomorrow — without offering to book an appointment for another day. This is not the first time. Previously, I was told to send an email, even though booking by email isn’t an option. They just keep pushing patients to “call again tomorrow” with no real support or concern. It feels like they don’t care about the patients at all. Very disappointing

Author: Elizabeth Evans
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
My family has been with the surgery since it opened in the 80s. Dr Noone expertly navigated the Medical anomalies of my Dad and now Dr Sarfraz and her team are skillfully dealing with these medical quirks I have unfortunately inherited. In 2023 I was very poorly with AF and Heart failure and the medication designed to deal with problematic heart beats actually appear to exacerbate these with me. For the last 18 months Dr Sarfraz and the Elms have patiently and professionally supported me, navigating me through what in my case is a .minefield of problems. They listen to what I say to them and worked with me to bring me back to a place of good health. Huge shout out and thank you
