Practice: Wilbraham Surgery
Canonical code: P84071
Postcode: M21 0UF
Google Maps title: The Wilbraham Surgery
Google rating: 4.2
Google review count: 48
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/The+Wilbraham+Surgery/@53.4423786,-2.2711736,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487badf057b77983:0x9788f6bea2112ada!8m2!3d53.4423786!4d-2.2711736!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hc0zw9n0?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Khalid Raza
Date: Edited a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best place In Manchester, staff and Doctors do care and go extra mile for you. Many many thanks.

Author: Gavin Manchester
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
Unwilling to make reasonable adjustments (due to learning disability) despite the Equality Act 2010 and The Autism Act 2009. Not a suitable surgery for neurodivergent adults (ADHD/autism) with long term lifelong mental health conditions or/and learning disability, not unless you have a parent/family friend to speak on your behalf, book and accompany you to appointments. Admin staff not understanding or particularly helpful and hold grudges/make assumptions, no training in autism/learning disability. (Even if the patient is on the NHS Learning Disability Register). On one occasion I had a local authority social worker attend an appointment with me as an advocate and to see the challenges I face accessing lawful care. Complain or raise concerns and get told “go elsewhere”. Not a particularly modern thinking practice. Very much the “you don’t look autistic” attitude and “go for a long walk outdoors” when facing a serious MH relapse/crisis. Seem to have the attitude that anything mental health related means you must see the CMHT only and if not under psychiatric care they won’t help you. They don’t feel the need to update medical records despite communication from medical consultants. No excuse for treating vulnerable patients so ineffectually or cruelly.

Author: Skala Kamal
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I’ve been with this surgery for years, and I can’t thank them enough for everything they do. Dr. Wilson is truly an angel—hardworking, passionate, and deeply dedicated to his work. He has made such a difference in my life, especially as I grow older and rely more on medical support. Everyone at the practice is so caring and compassionate. Thank you all for everything you do.

Author: Amanda M
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionist very helpful booking me a routine face-to-face GP appointment. GP, Dr Patel, was friendly, professional and sorted out my problem. Very happy with the service.

Author: Paul
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Paul8 reviews6 months ago

Author: Katie Carruthers
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely appalling experience with this surgery. You’re expected to call at 8:30am to book an appointment, but now with their new call system instead of being placed in a queue, your call is terminated if staff are busy, meaning you have to redial over and over most days, just to be told to try again tomorrow. No empathy from staff and no alternative solutions.

Author: Silviya Nitsova
Date: Edited 11 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I needed a same-day appointment but the open surgery was full, so I got redirected to another surgery for an appointment the next day. This was great. I had to leave a swab test for testing with my practice though. The doctor from the other surgery said I’d get the results back in 2 working days. I still haven’t gotten them back (6 working days and counting). I needed to be seen again rather urgently for the same unresolved issue, so I tried setting up a same-day appointment. It is practically impossible to get one. I called at 8.30 (on the spine) on two different days and was told that all receptionists were busy with other calls, so my calls were terminated. This happened 3 times each of the days. On the second day, I was able to get on their 10-caller hold line, being 9th in the queue. I moved up the queue to number 2 when my call was terminated. When I called again, there were no more appointments for the day. The first day I was told there were no more open surgery appointments for the day right away. The telephone booking system is terrible and dated. Will be switching to a different surgery.

Author: alan daniel
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Excellent team with excellent comms. Very caring and not rushed. I feel privileged to be one of their Patients.

Author: joe barber
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Been with this practice for around 23 years and always felt well looked after. Getting an appointment might be difficult but the doctors have been nothing short of fantastic over the years. Shout out to Dr Wilson in particular.

Author: Kirstie Shearman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Kirstie Shearman3 reviewsa year ago
