Practice: Wellfield Medical Centre
Canonical code: P84074
Postcode: M8 9JT
Google Maps title: Wellfield Medical Centre
Google rating: 1.7
Google review count: 166
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Wellfield+Medical+Centre/@53.5127459,-2.2426167,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb038636fa42f:0x1a7979ed126df1a4!8m2!3d53.5127459!4d-2.2426167!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1jkxpz7w1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: mansoureh golestani
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to leave very positive feedback for Caroline at the GP call centre. I contacted the service during a very difficult and emotional time due to distressing events in my home country. I was extremely upset and crying, and Caroline showed exceptional kindness and compassion. She came over to comfort me and gave me a hug, which meant more to me than words can express. Her empathy and warmth made a real difference, and I will never forget her kindness. She is a real credit to the GP practice. Thank you, Caroline. Mansoureh Golestani

Author: shanyar aziz
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
It is the worst of Midcial Center I have been asking for an appointment for a year and every day he says there is no appointment

Author: Jim Pollitt
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Receptionist, extremely rude accusing me of being rude and lying whereas it was the opposite

Author: Shaun Hankinson
Date: Edited 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Can never get through even knowing its a serious situation get advice from 111 to see a doctor but can't even get through to one been waiting a week for a call back absolutely disgusting wont even see me son knowing he is 5 years old disgusting doctors

Author: julia nkiwane
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I work out of Manchester just for temporary,but still lives there.Doctors suggested i can get my medication from nearest pharmacy but the receptionist are a nightmare, requests for my medication are sent but ignored,got 2weeks request been not activated,spoke to GP on my medication review 3weeks ago and i was told my meds are on repeat prescription. Contacted surgery today(1 Dec) receptionist asked me why am i working in Hamphshire but still live in Manchester,told her that is personal,then said i'm shouting at her and hang up the phone I do not have access to my crucial medication for last 3weeks,this is not first time,i struggle to get my medication, they are medical personnel but do not hold duty of care at all,

Author: Samina Khan
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely rubbish surgery staff are rude and ignorant I have been with them for 7 months my medication is not on repeat prescription so I have to chase this up myself every time which is pain in the ass especially when you have bipolar disorder and you are pregnant so going back to Crumpsall medical practice they are fantastic and dr kumar is a legend

Author: Musa Zafar
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Musa Zafar3 months ago

Author: Fathima Fidha
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Fathima Fidha5 reviews4 months ago

Author: hamida Soultani
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Receptionist think and act like we're making appointments with their dads. I do not understand how they get away with the attitude they give to the patients but say that rude behaviour isnt tolerated. They need to have a look at the reviews and have a good read to see they are the issue. Same complaints about the receptionists. When you go they sit their chatting away and laughing keeping you waiting. Your not on minimum wage because of us so so dont take it out on us and go work elsewhere if youre not happy!!

Author: György Radich
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors good,but system is terrible. They can't send the next door pharmacy the prescription.They need for it 2 days. I am without important medication at the weekend.
