Practice: Surrey Lodge Practice
Canonical code: P84023
Postcode: M14 5BY
Google Maps title: Surrey Lodge Group Practice
Google rating: 2.8
Google review count: 115
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Surrey+Lodge+Group+Practice/@53.4573928,-2.2171015,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb187523ba667:0xac2353cd3569f1e5!8m2!3d53.4573928!4d-2.2171015!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tcvhmzs?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Mash'al Hanif
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
This practice is on point. There has been a marked improvement over the last few years. The reception staff are always friendly and helpful. All the GP’s are great to deal with. Having Dr Dunn and Dr Webster as Partners, it is clear that their ethics have filtered throughout the surgery in the most positive way.

Author: mehran amp
Date: a month ago
Rating: 2 stars
Although I had 4 months of perfect doctors visiting me, I am now witing about my recent experience with a gp name dr walji. Doctor walji was so offensive, I was late just 2 minutes and the reception was so crowded and I was just there to tell my appointment time but dr walji came to me by himself and although I apologized for my delay, he blamed me several times. He didn't check my issue well, I had the prblem in my ears on my stomach and shoulder and on my back, but the doctor didn't check them, he just checked my face. He also had prescribed me befor I went there which was really questionable to me. I have bypolar and the tension in my environment makes me cry and uncomfortable. The way he treated to me and his talking manner caused my bipolar showed up after the visit. He was so offensive to me.

Author: JYOTHIS GEORGE
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Best practice I came across with . Always reply to online and telephone appointments on the same day.

Author: Ifeoma Ezeh
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have changed GPs several times in the last few years due to moving to different cities, and areas in Manchester, I haven’t had a Gp surgery continue to disappoint on several occasions since registering months ago. I have never left a bad review for a Gp surgery before as I have not had reason to, but Staff in this surgery made me cry in my Car today. I will definitely not continue with them, I will be returning to my former GP, I don’t mind the distance, at least service was great the 2 years I was with them. Horrible service…

Author: Junaid Ahmed
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
As a long-term patient (diagnosed with a life time illness since 2005) receiving continuous prescriptions and specialized care, I requested a paid private letter confirming the simple, medically accepted fact that chronic stress and hardship trigger flare-ups to my condition. The practice refused the request, claiming "insufficient evidence" a shocking statement considering my two decades as a patient for whom they have continuously prescribed, medication, are informed of my hospital ongoing treatment for years (Vedolizumab, etc.) and liaised with the hospital IBD team. This refusal demonstrates a failure to understand the patient they are treating. Crucially, this contradiction occurred even though I attached an older letter from my specialist consultant where this clinical fact was already written and acknowledged. This extreme administrative obstacle wasted significant time and energy, forcing me to change GPs due to their unwillingness to support a chronic patient.

Author: JUNAID AHMED
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was a long-term patient with multiple chronic conditions, including ulcerative colitis, arthritis, and migraines — all of which were regularly managed through prescriptions and hospital treatments. I requested a simple private letter confirming my diagnosis and how stress can affect my condition — something a hospital consultant had previously provided. Despite being willing to pay the £35 fee, the practice refused to provide the letter and didn’t offer an appointment to discuss it. As someone managing serious long-term health issues, I found this response dismissive and lacking in basic patient support. I’ve since moved to a new GP who I hope will be more patient-focused. I’m sharing this to help others understand what kind of support they might — or might not — receive here if they have complex or ongoing health needs. To the management: the decline in care became noticeable after COVID. If you’re genuinely reviewing patient experiences, it may be worth examining the internal changes made during and after the pandemic — because that’s when the ship started sinking.

Author: hmat
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Upsetting service. Lady on the phone was very unprofessional and made a stressful situation unnecessarily worse. I was advised by 111 to contact my GP ASAP and get an appointment within three days due to a new and abnormal growth on my skin — but I was met with quite a rude response after apparently not being registered here, despite it being the practice that my NHS App says I am registered with. After informing her of this, I was abruptly interrupted and told to ‘Just go to A&E then’. Absolutely shocking

Author: Julius Ang
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Thank you for your review.

Author: Lauren Victoria
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Genuinely cannot recommend enough. Been my GP since childhood, appointments are always given within a good space of time, the online form is so helpful. I’ve never not been seen when needed / had all of my queries answered, and had a great array of good quality GPs over the years who have made me comfortable and listened to me

Author: Joshua Ford
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've got to say, despite the numerous problems within the NHS this practice has to be one of the best in Manchester. They are so efficient in getting back to you immediately via the online form, always the same day/morning. I understand actually seeing a GP is not common practise anymore but an initial phone call is always welcome, they take everything seriously. I've never had any problems in the 3+ years I've been with them.
