Practice: The Chowdhury Practice
Canonical code: P85003
Postcode: OL1 1NL
Google Maps title: Dr M Chowdhury - The Chowdhury Practice
Google rating: 1.9
Google review count: 95
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Dr+M+Chowdhury+-+The+Chowdhury+Practice/@53.5437795,-2.1165894,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487bb77e3e92cdff:0x7f261233e884be88!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb77e3eb564ff:0x926ba7ee88e2e638!8m2!3d53.5437795!4d-2.1165894!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11g6vf_l59?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.333

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Anisha Hussain
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
The Chowdhury practice is always amazing. Especially Roushanara Begum. The most friendliest and caring staff to look after my mum. Always engaging in friendly conversation and providing the best practical advice.

Author: Rajna Begum
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always request Dr Rosh for my mum. She's so attentive and so caring. So lovely to see patient care being top priority for her all the time. Thank you so much! Love the chowdhury practice!

Author: Simla Begum
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I had a great experience with Rosh today. I brought my grandmother in, and we were both so impressed. She is very knowledgeable, caring, and truly listens to her patients. It’s rare to find a doctor who combines such high-level expertise with a genuine heart for people. Highly recommend.

Author: Immy Raaty
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Been with them since birth am 29 years of age now. Not had an issue with my health for the past 7-8years. So rang them for an appoinment today. Ive just got of prison I've had server mental health probldms in this last year and been looked after the prsion GP I've ran out off meds and now call my GP fir help they told me I don't exist on the patent list any more they have never told me that they have taken me off patent list. If they did i would have sort something out before ill. so now am stick not slept in 6 days on the verge off killing my self I was told come fill in a form and ill will let you know if we can take you on and could take up 14days. Am suffering depression and insomnia and few other things am not sure off.

Author: Mariam Rana
Date: 3 weeks ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible practice. On multiple occasions I’ve attempted to book an appointment, for ongoing chronic symptoms, but despite my attempts, the practice dismisses my health, suggesting the A&E is more suitable. With the few appointments I’ve managed to get, the doctors behave like this is a hobby for which they are too tired to attend to patients. They dismiss me continuously, and on one occasion the doctor even said he didn’t want to refer me to the hospital because ‘the process is too long.’ I feel guilty even describing my symptoms to the doctors as they yawn, roll their eyes and, as if in a rush, quickly go through the consultation as if I’m just a name to tick off a list. No one wants to be ill, and the doctors here have chosen to work at the practice, to help those who ARE ill. Despite that, they behave like they’re working in administration, not as doctors whom patients come to, to seek help.

Author: Amina
Date: a month ago
Rating: 1 star
I would NEVER recommend this practice to anyone. Horrible GP practioners especially DR Hassan. He is honestly so cold hearted and rude to patients we come to you for our medical problems and for you as GPs to help us get the right medical treatment if needed. He’ll ask you to come in and make you wait for 5 minutes typing in the previous patients notes. He doesn’t even give a care about your problems and will blame it on yourself for not taking care of yourself. He has no emotions even when bringing my baby in for a checkup as she has really bad reflux he didn’t care and said “if it was so serious you would have taken her A&E ages ago”. Didn’t care at all and told me to go home and just deal with it. I’m so glad I left this practice you can never get appointments for little children at all whereas other GP have appointments available for children under 5 and the doctor calls you within an hour. This practice needs reviewing awful horrible staff who make your experience never want to come back I’m sure I ain’t the only patient who’s experienced this with DR Hassan.I would never recruit an employee like him in my practice. He needs training on how to actually care and understand his patients!!!! I’ve been with this practice for 10+ years I’m so glad I left for my self and my children.

Author: Amelia A
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I brought my daughter for an appointment and we were kept waiting 30 minutes past our scheduled time. When we were finally called in, we were then left to stand in silence for another 5 minutes while doctor Hassan typed notes from previous patients. While still typing and without making eye contact or examining my daughter, he asked why we were there. When I explained it was for a spot on her leg and that she’d had it for a few months, he immediately made a judgment and said it “must not be much of an issue” if we’d waited that long. He also commented that “they will ask why you haven’t brought her in for months” without explaining who “they” were, and before he had even looked at the spot. Only after making these remarks did he finally examine her leg and then told us it wasn’t serious and to return in two weeks with warm compresses. My concern isn’t the medical advice itself it’s the rude, dismissive, and judgmental manner, particularly when speaking to a parent about their child. Unfortunately, this is not an isolated experience. We have experienced similar rudeness from this doctor on multiple occasions. Between the repeated unprofessional behaviour, poor communication, and lack of respect for patients’ time, this is not a practice I feel comfortable bringing my children to, and I would not recommend it to other parents.

Author: A8ID_SIX360
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Joke of a practice, got my 16 year old brother to pay for medication when he's in school full time. Halloween was 2 months ago you jokers 🤡

Author: Amina Ali
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Amina AliLocal Guide · 25 reviews · 1 photo4 months ago

Author: mel's cookie
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely ridiculous they tell you to telephone at 8 you are on the phone for 30 minutes when you finally get therough no appointments available I don't telephone often and when I do I can never get myself or children in meanwhile the people that don't go to work and use the doctors as a family day out get all the appointments pathetic..
