Practice: Leesbrook Surgery
Canonical code: P85005
Postcode: OL4 3DG
Google Maps title: Leesbrook Surgery
Google rating: 3.8
Google review count: 56
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Leesbrook+Surgery/@53.5386248,-2.0726375,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb7fa72e52edd:0x2a2c40330ab4d68!8m2!3d53.5386248!4d-2.0726375!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vc81c3n?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Amir Ali
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Well manages surgery. This is probably the best surgery, I have ever been to. Please keep up the good work and continue doing the amazing work.

Author: Michael Howe
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Great service still using old appointment service Backed up by great pharmacy!

Author: Christine Stackhouse
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Self referral to physio David Murray who was brilliant ! Sent for xray and over to Glynis at the surgery for next step.Both brilliant and thought id come on here to praise both of them!

Author: John Gardner
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
As I approach my 79th summer, I seem to pop more pills than a 1960’s Rolling Stones roadie. Which takes quite a bit of organising in terms of ordering them from my local surgery to keep the supply line flowing. When it comes to being business-like in such matters, on a scale of 1-10, one being chaotic and ten being hyper-efficient, I probably clock in at something like minus 5. That is in contrast to the present Mrs Gardner, who could probably re-organise Manchester United in the morning and the England cricket team in the afternoon. Anyway, the New Year being what it was, I thought I had ordered two sets of tablets from Leesbrook surgery at the dawn of 2026 when the evidence indicates that, in point of fact, I hadn’t. Doh! When this dawned on me earlier today, panic set in for I had consumed my very last Solifenacin tablet last night. We are warned to give plenty of notice when re-ordering prescriptions, particularly at this time of year when the whole NHS is so stretched. So imagine my surprise, delight and admiration when my hasty message to Leesbrook surgery was answered immediately. Together with the ever helpful staff at Well Pharmacy, they arranged for me to have the required medication in my hands this very afternoon. Thank you once again for your brilliant service. Happy New Year from John Gardner

Author: doug bennett
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
We are so blessed in lees to have a medical practice, with staff so kind and understanding, that also applies to the chemist. Knowing if I become ill I will get the best treatment/ advice and caring is so comforting.

Author: Michael Wilson
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Michael Wilson1 review9 months ago

Author: Gill Tobin
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Not sure if all surgeries are the same but Leesbrook seems to have changed beyond recognition. Can never get an appointment, just called and was told a telephone one would be quicker. I was still offered 19th May! The only way you can get seen is by trying to get through at 8am, sit there for a while to then be cut off, try again then it's engaged. So frustrating, obviously not enough appointments for the amount of patients they have registered

Author: chris keightley
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
chris keightleyLocal Guide · 7 reviews · 2 photos10 months ago

Author: Thomas Frost
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Got appt for important issue same day. Doctor great and not too long a wait. Apologised for wait as well. Top class.

Author: Stacey MacNaught
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I appreciate that GP services are incredibly stretched and it can be very difficult to balance offering in advance routine appointments with more urgent on the day appointments. I think this surgery, however, is striking the balance well. The last 3 times I’ve required fairly urgently assessing, I was seen on the same day and treated. Early on this year, after a bout of pneumonia, I suffered a follow up chest infection. I was seen the same day, prescribed antibiotics and the doctor sent a sample from my chest off for testing. I got a call a few days later saying the bacteria on my chest wasn’t the commonly found one and as such would not respond to the antibiotics I was given and he had sent a new prescription to the pharmacy. So instead of seeing me, prescribing something and leaving me to it, the Doctor has followed up, sought more information and then realised my treatment would need changing. Despite the huge time constraints they’re under, they’re still doing a thorough job. I was again recently seen the same day with another potentially urgent requirement. The surgery also now accepts appointment request forms - categorised as urgent and non urgent so you don’t have to wait on the phone. Trying to get through on the phones can be frustrating for sure. But this is, in my view, a Solid example of a clinic that does the best with the resources it has, despite huge patient loads. And doesn’t cut corners on healthcare just to save time. Thorough, understanding and incredibly hard working is my experience of the admin and medical staff I’ve encountered here.
