Practice: Springfield House
Canonical code: P85020
Postcode: OL4 2RJ
Google Maps title: Springfield House Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 113
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Springfield+House+Medical+Centre/@53.5478358,-2.0858208,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb81ee2cf2df9:0x1798dc5d8a3c7b91!8m2!3d53.5478358!4d-2.0858208!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tc_kpmm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: J
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Very poor experience overall. I was referred by my GP for some tests and given a 6:00pm appointment, which meant taking the afternoon off work. I arrived early to the appointment, but the staff appeared to be preparing to close, despite the clinic not due to shut for another 30 minutes. The lights were off and cleaning staff were already present. When I explained that I had an appointment, the staff seemed confused and told me there were no appointments left for the day. I was questioned in a rather patronising manner about whether I was in the correct place or had the right day, but no one asked for my name or referral details, which surely would have been the most basic step in checking their system and clarifying the situation. I was ultimately turned away without any attempt to investigate further. I contacted my GP the next morning and they confirmed that the appointment had been correctly booked. I am unclear what went wrong, but it is frustrating to now have to rearrange the appointment and potentially take additional time off work.

Author: Keshmcc Mcconkie
Date: a month ago
Rating: 4 stars
Keshmcc Mcconkiea month ago

Author: Scoot
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Scoot7 reviews2 months ago

Author: Madara Luste
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If I could give 0 stars, I would. Their incompetence and medical negligence is just unbelievable. Every time I raise a health concern they are just absolutely not interested. I went to seek help with heavy periods. DR Saraf just looked at me and said "what do you want me to do about it?" in the most condescending way possible. Her solution then was to put me on a mini pill. Without once checking my blood pressure before prescribing it or at any point during the 10 months I was on it. Result? I now have to take blood pressure medication for the rest of my life, it's affected my vision and I will need to see a cardiologist once a year for a foreseeable future. Are these meds being reviewed to make sure they are working? Of course not! I also have iron deficiency, due to the heavy periods. Was promised regular blood tests to make sure the levels stay in range. Upon the last request to have them checked I've just had the answer of "they were fine 5 months ago so no need to check" when I had clearly stated I'm getting the same symptoms as the time before when they were extremely low! Communication? Well, now you submit an online form to get an appointment. So far I've submitted 3. 2 got completely no reply. And the 3rd one featured a generic link with no option to respond or raise any further concerns. I could go on about the lack of care and unprofessional attitude, but I genuinely don't believe they will change anything. To anyone considering joining this GP practice, just don't. Might do more harm to your health than good as it's been in my personal experience!

Author: Enomimous Person
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Not even worth one star. Absolutely shambolic service. Basically incapable of doing anything as a matter of urgency to help housebound, vulnerable people. Bad, uncaring attitude.

Author: Eva Sovadinova
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eva SovadinovaLocal Guide · 25 reviews4 months ago

Author: Светлана Монджур Хоссейн
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
A terrible medical system. A system that does not bring any benefit. We pay taxes on time, but we do not receive the help that a person deserves on time. Not able to get an appointment with the doctor, probably need to change the GP..

Author: Weronika Wiacek
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Terrible receptionist service, told me my son case wasn't urgent when asked for advise if I need to ring 111 because they never have appointments/even I mentioned my son has all symptoms for diabetes.They told me ring next day or from 1 of October feel the form on line for appointment.The team at A&E confirmed very high sugar level and I stayed in the hospital for the rest of the week.This place should be closed down. Lazy and unhelpful staff!!!

Author: Paul “Lloydy” Lloyd
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
20/09/2025 I transferred to this surgery early this year, after being disheartened by my previous GP surgery. However, I'm still no more satisfied and I don't feel my doctor/s actually know anything about me. Conditions I have been previously diagnosed with, by consultant surgeon, haven't been addressed for a few years. Medications have been forgotten about. I now source medications online, and I'm sourcing online private medical consultation, for conditions the NHS have brushed aside.

Author: melw
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
If you get booked in with Dr Coates you might as well cancel, you’re basically cooked if you have anything serious wrong with you. He’ll give you some paracetamol and cream at most, no matter if you're concerned about a stomachache or cancer. Utter pleb.
