Practice: Greenbank Medical Practice
Canonical code: P85021
Postcode: OL4 1BN
Google Maps title: Greenbank Medical Practice
Google rating: 1.8
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Greenbank+Medical+Practice/@53.5383384,-2.095849,17z/data=!3m1!5s0x487bb78f18e117a5:0xc1cc4ab77d4c4e95!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb78f105aecef:0x60ee655aa869d99b!8m2!3d53.5383384!4d-2.095849!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1vfn666g?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Farahnur Mahmood
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
I just wanted to shout out the physio team at greenbank - they are absolutely amazing and listened to my mother’s problems! Thanks to them my mother was referred urgently and is receiving the care she needs ! I also want to thank Donna she is always so kind and a delight to talk to!

Author: J
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
RECEPTIONIST need removing, jobs gone straight to their head. So rude and think they’re better than everyone else. Every time ive called they’ve been absolutely disgusting towards me. No regards or empathy to people’s situations, they definitely need more training and so do some of the doctors who work here. Place needs closing down!

Author: Barry
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Having recently had a medical issue whilst abroad I was advised to contact my Medical Practice at home. I have been a patient at Greenbank since the 1960s fortunately I have not had to attend on a regular basis however I was pleased to be given a prompt appointment and saw a doctor who was most pleasant and professional and was able to fully interpret the advice I had received whilst abroad. She arranged for me to have an ECG which was done within a week at Greenbank by an equally pleasant and professional person. The results of the ECG were conveyed to me later that day by the the doctor who saw me initiallly and she organised for me to see a specialist at Oldham Hospital within days. I remember that a few years ago I read in the local paper a review of the Greenbank Practice which was rather poor, however after contacting Greenbank I was given the opportunity, a few weeks later, to meet with the leader of the group who had produced that report which illustrated how easy it is to criticise particularly over petty issues. The second follow up report a few months later recognised the true value of the Greenbank practice and the practice was marked up as Good. I have also had recent visits to see the physio at Greenbank with my slight hip problem and again I received prompt and professional help. My golf is just as bad however my hip is on the mend.

Author: FR
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Edit: #2 - I left the practice, so they found my brothers family name and cut their name off the list - including Kids - This goes beyond incompetence, vindictive and negligent, Brother found out when they needed an urgent appointment - Receptionist made up a lie when confronted. Place should be shut. ---- Impossible to book an appointment. Phone lines "open at 8" but in reality the phone lines are kept off until 9 and show as 'line busy' and cuts off, doesn't put you on waiting, but like clockwork everyday at 9 it starts working again and puts you in waiting. Directed to the website and that doesn't even exist. Edit: website issue is fixed

Author: Alliyah Cassinelli
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely disgusting attitude from receptionist who think they’re doctors. And doctors with disgusting attitudes who do absolutely nothing about your health but shove you on codeine to deal with everything

Author: Sam (SS1992)
Date: Edited 5 months ago
Rating: 1 star
May 27 - Dr Farid is awful, she doesn't do anything she just essentially a diary planner making new appointments. You report issues and she does nothing and is rude, and comes across as lazy and just wanting to end an appointment. Members of my family are seriously ill and this doctor does nothing, everytime we leave we feels worse and mentally we feels let down and uncertain, she does nothing just blags her way through an appointment and then fobs you off for another few months. We are looking to complain formally to the NHS. If you have an alternative then go there. September 10th update - after months of this Dr doing nothing and ignoring my mother, she saw a new doctor (Dr Hussain who is very good) and immediately received an urgent suspected cancer referral. This practice should be closed down and Dr Farid fired immediately.

Author: A Begum
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Dr Farid is absolutely disgusting. Abrupt, rude, condescending and arrogant. Has no knowledge of health care matters or symptoms, and 0 manners. Unacceptable how she is allowed to practice here. I’m sure her ‘qualifications’ are probably made up from somewhere abroad. Reading the reviews I am not the only one who has complained about her. Also, not sure why the receptionist here act like they are doctors. They are incompetent and rude. They need training urgently. Horrific gp practice. We complained before and were advised the receptionists have been trained again.. nonsense. No change at all.

Author: D Mod
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I was in the doctors yesterday took me two days for appointment staff are very rude they need training up how to speak to people and rember there not the doctors.all.so.there taking more people on they can't cope with the people they have on there books if.i was you looking for a new doctor I'd give green bank a miss 1 out of ten the doctors can only deal.with one illness at a time avoid this surgery

Author: Kamal Ahmed
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
One of the worst practices I have seen never opens on time impossible to make appointments and some reception staff are just rude

Author: Zain Ahmed
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Don’t sign up, really shih practice ethically. GP will charge you when you need a referral letter and medical info for your private insurance.
