Practice: Saddleworth Medical Practice
Canonical code: P85016
Postcode: OL3 6AH
Google Maps title: Saddleworth Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.6
Google review count: 109
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Saddleworth+Medical+Practice/@53.5481241,-2.0045348,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bc62aed80fc23:0xfecd9329a68d64f!8m2!3d53.5481241!4d-2.0045348!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tf3ngfz?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Andy
Date: Edited 2 weeks ago
Rating: 2 stars
Update: that online form is pointless. Takes a week for them to get back to you. The only way of getting sorted if you ring them up and kick off. You literally have to be a nuisance for them to sort you out. Its taken me a total of 4 weeks to get a blood test as the GP needed to see me first. The appointment i had to wait over an hour after my scheduled time. Got a text to tell me to book appointment to discuss blood results and its been 10 days now since I put the online form in. So if there is something wrong with me ill probably be dead by the time I speak to some one. Sent online form asking GP to up my dosage of medication. Got a text saying everything has been sorted. 8 months later after being on said dosage, my records said i was on a much lower dose. So i thought i had the go ahead from the GP to take more medicine when my GP was none the wiser. Excellent system - obviously didnt actually read my request properly.

Author: Tony Horsfall
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Nothing but praise for this practice so far. Moved to Saddleworth with my family including my elderly in-laws recently. In 12 months since arriving the standard of care for them has been amazing. I have had to book two appointments for myself also and the care from Fran who I think is a senior practice nurse at the Saddleworth practice and very recently the senior practice nurse at Delph surgery ( sorry the ladies name has slipped my mind) was fantastic on both occasions. Appointments have been arranged quickly and efficiently. Thank you😃

Author: Martha Beatriz Potter
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I'm writing this review as a frustrated patient who's had a shocking experience with this practice's service. I phoned at 8am and waited 25-30 minutes just to get an answer. I explained my situation - my consultant had asked them to prescribe more antibiotics for my lung disease, which makes any cold or flu linger and often leads to infections, making me cough uncontrollably and causing incontinence. It's a nightmare. The response seemed straightforward when I spoke to them, but then I got a call an hour later saying I needed to fill in an online form to be triaged. A nice lady helped me with this, but then... nothing. I phoned again at 2pm, was told they'd contact me, and... crickets. It's now 6:47pm. The worst part? This isn't the first time this has happened. I've ended up in A&E twice because their system is so appalling, and both times I've been told "this is something the GP deals with". I rarely use their service, but when I do, it's usually to be told to go to A&E or a walk-in centre. It's infuriating. To anyone considering using this practice, be warned: their system is broken, and it might end up costing you a trip to hospital. Not exactly what you want when you're already feeling well.

Author: Alison Horsfall
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
This is a wonderful practice. Me and my family can always get an appointment and the doctors and receptionists are always helpful.

Author: Rachel Leonard
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've just needed appointments and advice twice in two weeks and the response was brilliant. I was called and seen really quickly by reassuring and highly professional staff members, despite this being a difficult time of year. I can't thank them enough :)

Author: Viking King
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
So hard to get to see a doctor at this surgery 😥 not called back when rang and pressed 2 to save my place…just send text messages to say ring 111. Rude receptionist asking personal questions, still didn’t get to see a doctor after 6 weeks of trying. Felt I was just lied to. Made an appointment with a nurse, waited 2 weeks then they rang and tried to see if it can be cancelled. Luckily registered at another surgery as it is impossible to get appointments, more homes being built in Saddleworth but cannot cope now without anymore people in the area!!!

Author: Lynn Hilton
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Fill online form for appt, nothing, rang 9 days later got appt within 1/2 hour. Bloods taken, doc said to come back, had text yesterday to make appt and offered one at end of month. Tried again today, no appointments. Options offered - ring 111, emergency walk in, or online form. Non suitable. Been with surgery for 55 years and this is the worst.

Author: Chris Wallis
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Absolutely useless practice. My wife has had consultations with the practice and has twice been referred to Oldham hospital where the consultants on each occasion have asked why she had been refered to their department as her condition had no relevance to them. You can't speak to anyone as you have to do all online and you can't get a speedy response. Thinking of requesting an appointment to say I am having a heart attack to see how long it takes to respond

Author: Ray Lowe
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
No wonder this surgery has been voted the worst in the area 😕 …

Author: Alan Hague
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Alan HagueLocal Guide · 66 reviews · 22 photos6 months ago
