Practice: Kapur Family Care
Canonical code: P85615
Postcode: OL9 7AY
Google Maps title: Kapur Family Care
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 154
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Kapur+Family+Care/@53.5372965,-2.1304679,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x4163a32602908549:0xfed7c268df34fac0!8m2!3d53.5372965!4d-2.1304679!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11b6hsjplt?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: adeel Najib
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 1 star
Unhelpful

Author: Sabia Begum
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Appalling staff and abysmal service. The receptionists are the worst who were trying to give me medical advice saying I shouldn’t go to A&E and “waste” their resources when they refused to give me an appointment! Then on another occasion, I saw one of them verbally abusing an old man who clearly had hearing difficulties - shouting at him in a condescending tone. I made complaints but they don’t care. One of them was rude to my dad and I literally lost it with him and went mad!

Author: Imran Ahmed
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Their online system to booking makes it one of the most efficient and well run practices. Thank you!

Author: uz A
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The worst clinic. The little Asian boy at the reception is honestly useless. I don’t know who hired him. Has no social skills. When you pick up the call you greet nicely. This guy is like hi in the most roadman way.

Author: Karishma
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Honestly the worst practice, I’ve had nothing but problems with these. I was text to come to my appointment and the text again to say the time has changed. I’ve come early to new time but have been accused of being late. Conveniently the receptionist has no record of the new text message being sent and wouldn’t look at my phone when I tried showing her the text until I insisted my appointment was at the new time, the person who sent the text wasn’t even working so who sent it? I’ve been turned away because there’s no appointments, I’ve come in works time and wasted a trip. It’s okay for them to be 30-45 minutes late for my appointment. I can easily spend 2 hours here waiting for my appointment. AVOID

Author: Z Malik
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely Ridiculous . I wish I could give it a negative -10 ! One of their ‘ doctors’ were the worst ! I had the worst ear pain so I went there They kept on acting as if they were professional but all they did was check my temperature And they said that I should get ibruphen 3 times a day And he said that 10 times “ Hey a Dr I should get ibruphen 3 times a day even though my ear hurts a lot it doesn’t mean I can’t hear you ! REALLY DISAPPOINTING ! I DONT RECOMMEND VISITING THIS PLACE EVER !!! 😡😡😡😡

Author: Cathryn Senior
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Using the online form, I sent my request through to the surgery in the morning. Within 4 hours I had a face to face appointment with Dr Rajab. She was professional, thorough and caring and the appointment was on time, give or take 5 minutes. The receptionist was efficient and pleasent on the phone. On arrival, I booked myself in using the (now fixed) booking screen. The surgery is always clean and tidy and offers free water if needed. And, there’s a car park on the doorstep!

Author: Jahan Alam
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Since they make appointments to do by online it's made lot better and you get appointments always u can apply appointments from 8am to 1pm I think. Doctors and nurses n receptionist are all good.

Author: Wendy Bridge
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 4 stars
If it was possible to leave lower than 1 star I would I cannot believe how Appalling this place is I’ve been waiting to see the spirometry Nurse since Covid. I’ve had appointments cancelled because she’s been off cancelled again. Equipment broken finally cancelled again. Appointment was booked for Tuesday. They Phoned to rearrange saying they had made a mistake Im 70 next month work full time in a hospital. My breathing now is so bad and nothing is being done Iv recently had blood tests. Its taken a month to get the results. Im seriously worried as i am getting no help whatsoever I could retire stay at home on benefits but i dont want that i want to work and pay my way I actually feel desperate. I don’t know what to do. I would like to update this review as I feel its only fair to do so Kapur family practice have made massive improvements since my last post. I now don’t seem to have any problem booking appointments and the general care i receive has significantly improved. Well done for making these improvements

Author: Shamsul Sk
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 1 star
This morning there was no space in the car park and also some prick took two space Jhoots pharmacy and Kapur family care could issue a pcn but no 30 minutes waiting outside for space and this Toyota took two space
