Practice: Alkrington Junction Practice
Canonical code: P86010001
Postcode: M24 1PQ
Google Maps title: Alkrington Health Centre
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 53
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Alkrington+Health+Centre/@53.5365959,-2.194046,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb098ed96b05b:0x474eb42d473d00f4!8m2!3d53.5365959!4d-2.194046!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1hf_vkyr4?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 0.5

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Erandi Samaraweera
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
⚠️ Serious patient safety concerns – I strongly advise de-registering I am writing this review as both a medical doctor and a parent who has been genuinely fearful for their child’s safety while registered at Junction Surgery and Alkrington Surgery. Since registering in August 2025, I have experienced repeated safety and professionalism concerns. My child was once prescribed antibiotics without enough doses to complete the course and I was told that “missing a few doses won’t matter.” This is unsafe advice and only corrected after I insisted. My daughter had a persistent cough for several months and attended multiple times, yet no appropriate referral or timely investigations were arranged. When she later developed fever and blood-stained sputum, an out-of-hours GP was clearly concerned and requested urgent investigations. Despite this, our concerns were dismissed the following day, my child was not properly examined, and I was given incorrect medical information. False reassurance when a child is coughing up blood is unacceptable. When I later requested an urgent private ENT referral due to ongoing bleeding, I was asked to pay a fee during a highly distressing situation, despite previously being told such referrals were not chargeable. The supervising GP did not attend to assess my child in person. Overall, I felt unheard, disrespected, and unsafe. Based on my experience, I would strongly advise patients—especially parents of young children—to seriously consider de-registering and seeking care elsewhere. IF ANYONE NOT TRUSTING ME PLEASE READ THE REVIEWS IN OTHER WEBSITE AND CQC REPORT

Author: Yuki Lee
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Wasting my time. Came here before 10 minutes of the appointment been waiting an hour and asked them when is my turn and then tell me 2 more patients before me.

Author: Ivy G
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I am always seen in a timely manner and expect a wait , it can’t always run like a production line . Some patients might need more time than others I have found the receptionists helpful and do their best along with the back office staff who work hard behind the scenes . Thankyou

Author: C
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
The ATTITUDE on the reception staff is absolutely appalling!!!! I don't know how many times people have to complain until something is done about it. If people are ringing the GP Practice then they need to understand that either them or another family member and not well and the last thing they need is to be spoken to in such a way.

Author: John Molloy
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Staff are friendly and polite. Building is very clean and tidy.

Author: Alexandra Mitchell
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Saw female GP. Waste of time. Attitute to Patient well this is much to be desired. She needs to attend some sort of training on how to handle patients and be POLITE. Also not to send patients away without sorting out their health problem.

Author: Francesca Davies
Date: 10 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Francesca Davies10 months ago

Author: John 3v16
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I rang this morning at 8am and went on the NHS app at the same time for an appointment. No appointments left on the app and 10th in queue on the phone. As usual, no appointments available. Call back tomorrow at 8am. So very frustrating and upsetting that it's almost impossible to see a doctor since the lock down.

Author: Seeme Rolling
Date: Edited a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
I absolutely feel you all why this place ratings is 2.1 as im currently in the centre for an appointment 15:40 15minutes gone by, no reception on 1st first, direction given on text message but what to do? So 15mins gone past appointment time and waiting here 15mins not been seen yet🫤 there are 2 people ahead of me as I have asked other patients here they have said the eye dye drop takes 1hour to settle in? Wtf it's not my 1st test, or I am new to this! Takes 15 minutes to settle in the eye to test check then, who has 1 hour time to wait really, seriously 😐, what a waste of time. Any ways as told there are only 1 person who works here in the eye department, and just now, the staff have just said their camera is down again? 🤦🏽 ohmy days half day gone from my earnings. I'd definitely wouldn't come here again for an appointment. Didn't see the reviews before the appointment until arrived🤐 this place seems like it's not a appointment time appointment if you can understand it's more of a walk in centre. Ground floor reception seems rude 😒 but the women who saw me were kinda quick possibly could be because I was the last person to see so for that il give them 1 more star to 2. Their very low in staff this is the problem their isn't a checking in point it's just sit and wait for your name to be called that could be after 30mins 🫤 think your local health centre would be better than this place just need to sacrifice your working hours or so

Author: Stan Statev
Date: a year ago
Rating: 2 stars
On Friday, at a given time of 2:40 PM, we waited until 5:00 PM to see a doctor. Shame and complete irresponsibility. My husband, who had a heart attack two days before the appointment, stood and waited with me to see the doctor, who barely paid us any attention. He wrote something on a piece of paper for 20 minutes and only paid us attention for 5 minutes. We are not at all satisfied with the attitude of this place. You should be ashamed of yourself.
