Practice: Hopwood Medical Centre
Canonical code: P86023
Postcode: OL10 2BS
Google Maps title: Hopwood Medical Centre
Google rating: 3.5
Google review count: 92
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Hopwood+Medical+Centre/@53.587384,-2.2108298,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bbbacc5f5e4ad:0x5945c0252ed62ce0!8m2!3d53.587384!4d-2.2108298!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tdc4sl1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Wayne Singleton
Date: 2 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Fast at being seen, 10 minutes early and sorted out straight away. Bloods taken and not even a bruise.

Author: Rochdale Canine Country Club.
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to take the opportunity to sincerely thank Dr. Jonathan Porter for the amazing care and service he has provided while treating my wrist injury. He has been incredibly empathetic, supportive, and attentive throughout my treatment — always checking in and following up to make sure everything was progressing exactly as it should be. That level of care truly makes such a difference. Thank you so, so much.

Author: Katie Clarke
Date: 2 weeks ago
Rating: 5 stars
Brilliant practice with friendly and informative staff, always able to get the help I need. Also want to thank Bobbi for her patience as we had to have a few appointments for blood tests due to phobias and she was so understanding and encouraging, thanks so much 😊 …

Author: carol jacques
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
In the last 12 months I've had to see Doctor Porter quite alot, he is always cheerful, polite & patient, he always takes his time to listen & explains things clearly so that you understand everything before you leave.

Author: shamaila iram
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Dr Jonathan Porter is one of the most knowledgeable and professional doctors in the Hopwood Medical center. He listens his patients very carefully and explains all their concerns with details. He answers all the questions very patiently. He also tries to keep his patients Positive in every situation. I have always a great experience with him.

Author: ReadySalted80
Date: a month ago
Rating: 3 stars
The staff here are really nice and professional and the GPs I have had appointments with have been pleasant and seem nice people, however I just feel I have been going around in circles with my ear issues I've had for a year, I decided to go private for an ENT scan.

Author: Alan Wolstenholme
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Doctors ,nurses ,and reception all working together in providing an excellent service to the people of Heywood and have been for many years.

Author: Diane Moss
Date: 2 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I took my twelve year old granddaughter to Hopwood medical centre yesterday (15th December) our appt was 11am, we finally got to see the dr at 11.50 ( I know they are busy). He said she had dry eyes and written on a piece of paper what to get from the chemist. I said she is 12 ( although she looks about 9) are you not going to give her a script, I asked him twice and he said no, you can buy over the counter, I said but she is 12. He said ' my supervisor will ask me why I gave a script out when it can be purchased OTC' , again I said she is 12. I went into the chemist, the lady said have they not given you a script, I said no and I told her my granddaughter was 12. £6.50 it was for these eye drops which I probably could have bought at Morrisons for less. My gripe is. If I as pensioner I was told to buy something OTC, even though though we are entitled, I would have paid it but a 12 year old. Disgusted with this practice if that is how they work. I think they need to look at who is entitled to what . End of gripe

Author: Jane Haymes
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Attended Hopwood Medical centre today for minor surgery, Dr and nurse very professional and procedure carried out efficiently and effectively, would recommend to friends and family.

Author: Liam
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This gp surgery recently failed my mental health I don't recommend to any of my family and friends had a horrible experience
