Practice: ROCHDALE ROAD MEDICAL CENTRE
Canonical code: P86015
Postcode: M24 2PU
Google Maps title: Rochdale Road Medical Centre
Google rating: 4.0
Google review count: 117
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Rochdale+Road+Medical+Centre/@53.5563726,-2.1959022,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bba6da52c91a9:0x1b8c39aa0d752339!8m2!3d53.5563726!4d-2.1959022!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tfqfbp9?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Sarah Robinson
Date: 7 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
I would like to say a huge thank you to Practice Nurse Debbie at Rochdale Road Medical Centre for how well she has looked after me and my Mum and Dad for many, many years and for her genuine care. She is such a kind, friendly and knowledgeable lady and she always put me at ease during appointments, both face to face and over the phone. Debbie is a great listener and her calm, welcoming manner helps to alleviate any worries. You will be greatly missed at the Practice Debbie, you are one in a million. Sending you best wishes for the future.

Author: Paul Kay
Date: 9 hours ago
Rating: 5 stars
Debbie the nurse what a wonderful lady can't help you enough, very pleasant every time and always goes the extra mile to help you all I can say is thank you very much for all you're help

Author: R Birks
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I've been informed that Debbie (Practice Nurse) is leaving I cannot believe this practice is letting her go. Worth her weight in Gold. Knowledgeable, efficient nothing too much trouble ,one of a few there that are the glue for this practice. Good luck in whatever you do next.

Author: Lesley Brown
Date: 3 days ago
Rating: 4 stars
I have been with this surgery for roughly 45 years and I’ve just found out that the lovely Debbie - Debbie the nurse - is leaving for pastures new and I’m devastated. The previous nurse Annie was lovely but Debbie goes above and beyond for everyone. She has a lovely smile on her face every time you see her, nothing is too much trouble, and she goes the extra mile for every one of her patients. She will be sadly missed by all and no doubt irreplaceable. So sad. 4 stars for the surgery. 5 for Debbie❤️

Author: Pauline Birks
Date: 4 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
I was devastated to learn that Debbie is leaving the practice. She will be sorely missed by all her patients. I have been with this practice since its inception and Debbie is by far its most indispensable asset. She is so kind and caring and knows her patients and their families inside out. Good luck Debbie in your new venture, can’t believe they’re letting you go. Take care xxx

Author: Georgia Maudsley
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Debbie has been our family nurse for as long as I can remember and we can’t thank her enough for her continuous kindness and support. Her exceptional knowledge and care is second to none and she never fails to ensure you feel listened too and seen. Wishing you all the best. We will miss you. X

Author: ch t
Date: 5 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
“Debbie’s Doctors” …I’ve been registered since 1992 with Dr Ahmed, he was brilliant, when I needed to attend as an adult/mum the surgery and staff was unpleasant with minimal people skills or interest in helping, a lovely woman with broken English and a sick child in distress was in once and the receptionist refused to help and sent her away, because I work in the NHS I gave the information the receptionist didn’t want to. Except for Debbie, she is the heart and soul, since my daughters 1st newborn appointment, all of her injections, her asthma review, and my personal appointments have been with Debbie, she’s one in a million with a pure heart, always positive and puts you at ease, she remembers and asks things about holidays we went on, how the family and my nieces are by name, but always professional and confidential. My daughter is 8 now and asks to have her flu vaccine at “Debbie’s Doctors” instead of school, because she knows and trusts her completely. I know Debbie is now leaving soon, like Dr Ahmed, she will be an irreplaceable loss to the surgery, patients and children, who we will miss and remember decades later. I wish her all the best in and happiness in her new venture.

Author: lucy mackie
Date: 6 days ago
Rating: 5 stars
Just wanted to give a shout out to my nurse Debbie at Rochdale road medical. Centre - she is amazing, so friendly and considerate and was lovely with my daughter for her first jabs

Author: Leanne Fitzpatrick
Date: a week ago
Rating: 5 stars
Debbie the nurse from Rochdale Road medical centre is the most warming gentle caring person I’ve ever come across . She always lets on by my name when she sees me .and is always so lovely . What a gem . Wish there was more like Debbie in this world .

Author: Wayne Langford
Date: a week ago
Rating: 1 star
Poor surgery can't get a face to face doctors appointment you ring and they book you on or say they've booked you in and then they've not should've had an appointment on march 4th was told booked in and now I'm not doctors tried calling today sadly phone didn't ring due to being in a built up area rang them couldn't rebook me until march 13th absolutely a disgrace not good enough I've PTSD I need a change of meds and a appointment to get a proper diagnosis that should've happened march 4th but you can't book people properly you're a joke.
