Practice: Littleborough Group Practice
Canonical code: P86018
Postcode: OL15 8HF
Google Maps title: Littleborough Group Practice
Google rating: 3.2
Google review count: 57
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Littleborough+Group+Practice/@53.6430558,-2.1034201,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bbf2ffb13d22f:0x4a99f7efe80db04c!8m2!3d53.6430558!4d-2.1034201!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1w04jnm1?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Diana herring-jones
Date: a month ago
Rating: 5 stars
Receptionists always friendly , and most of the time can get an appointment when needed. All doctors and nurses very friendly.

Author: anthony bancroft
Date: Edited 2 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
No Choice of where to have surgery given when needing knee replacement, very disappointed as other folk I've spoken to said I should have been given a choice. Doctors and staff do not listen. They do however keep you well informed of flu jabs etc

Author: Bethany S
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This GP surgery has been utterly appalling. I felt completely unsupported — my concerns were brushed aside, and I was met with absolutely no empathy or care. They were content to let me continue struggling without offering any real help or even basic compassion. It’s disgusting that a place responsible for people’s health can operate with such disregard. If you’re local, I strongly advise you to choose a different surgery. No one should be ignored or left to cope alone when they reach out for support. This surgery has failed me completely.

Author: Belinda Warburton
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Losing patience with this surgery. Can never get an appointment & when I do it’s only a telephone one that’s booked 2 weeks in advance! appointment time 8.30-8.45 and still no call at 8.50! Rang to see what was going on to be told ‘oh the doctor will just ring you at some point this morning’!!!! So why give me a time then!!! Do you think I just sit here all day waiting for the call!? I do have a full time job!!! Why give an appointment time if you’re not going to stick to it!!?? Ridiculous & not acceptable!!!

Author: Andy Boodeea
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I very rarely have to visit the doctors and try to rule out as many things as possible before using an appointment. However recently I needed to make an appointment and met one of our younger lady doctors who was very knowledgeable, excellent attention to detail, and strong analytical skills. The appointment did not feel rushed and I went away with a positive action plan. Thank you.

Author: Christopher Ogden
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 4 stars
Our whole family use this practice. Although we have seen several different dentists over the years, the practice are always happy to try and accommodate appointments to suit our availability.

Author: Deborah Walton
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I have had a horrendous experience being registered with this group practice. I made a complaint about a senior admin worker who denied receiving 3 letters from my solicitor after waiting 12mths for a copy of my gp notes . Then my Gp notes were destroyed vindictivly I am amazed that the practice manager didn't know it was gross Misconduct and a criminal offence to tamper, alter or fix a patients notes. I know this by comments passed to me at a practice managers meeting. I had no option but to report this to the GMC who passed it to NHS England to investigate. My case was to serious for them to investigate as they should do because I named 2 Gp s who I had apts with and went in, sat down. The Gp looked at his screen and didn't speak when I told him my reason for going to see a Gp, he totally ignored me and after what felt like 30 mins of silence I got up and left his room. I had no idea Dr's behaved this way and happened twice with 2 Gp's. NHS England conducted a corrupt investigation without a single meeting with me. I found out 12mths later that the GMC worked with NHS England on this investigation, they don't work together. All this came to the senior Gp at the practice who was responsible for the surgery, I now know he took early retirement before the investigation got going. Ever since I have been treated very badly by every Gp I have seen at several practices. I am denied Healthcare, treatment and medication across the board even mental health services have been closed to me. I have been set up by mental health nurses who requested a urine sample under the order of a consultant. The drug test they did came up positive for every substance you can think of but my prescribed medication didn't show up on the drug test, codeine and pregabalin are both controlled drugs and medication I take every day. Think this proves it was all staged and a set up, you don't expect this from a mental health nurse. Had I taken any kind of class A drugs I wouldn't have given anyone a urine sample. I was left bent in half with horrific back pain the Gp practice I was registered with Mark Street Surgery refused to review my pain relief or increase it. I am now disabled for the rest of my life and under a spinal surgeon at Salford with a life curve of my spine. I could go on forever I am now registered in littleborough and denied any kind of Healthcare Treatment and medication. Just today I've been denied antibiotics for a chest infection and have COPD. They are trying to kill me off for daring to make a complaint. I am advising everyone not to make any complaints against any Gp's if you do your life will be turned into a living hell just as mine has. If you do you will get invented diagnoses, lies out and out lies all on your care summary and cannot be removed, only they do remove notes and letters and remove all names of Dr's and nurses from your Gp notes this is tampering again with my life. My whole life and the birth of my Boys has been wiped out how dare they do this to me ? I have a right to complain I cannot sit back and take being labeled a druggie, this is now one step to far I've been given no option but to go to the Nursing and Midwifery council and The royal college of nurses and midwives. I can't be punished anymore than I have been and still taking this off Gp's and bardoc Dr's, who put the cuff on to do my BP and don't inflate it they then walk out of my home without a word. A Gp at the practice I am registered with looked in my ear after earache for 2wks and bleeding from inside and said it was OK Really ?? I also had a swelling under my arm and lumps he failed to examine me and have a family history of breast cancer. He smirked at me in a very sick way, he's training to be a Gp. District Nurses refuse me compression bandages requested by my vascular surgeon but then go on to lie and document I couldn't tolerate them. I am totally disgusted with all of them I am now self managing leg ulcers because they refuse me home visits and dressings. Don't complain its not worth it.

Author: Maggie Slattery
Date: 9 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Awful. I'm moving to another practice who give a dam.

Author: Lizzie Pryde
Date: 11 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Lizzie PrydeLocal Guide · 52 reviews · 6 photos11 months ago

Author: D H
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
D HLocal Guide · 114 reviews · 2 photosa year ago
