Practice: Reut Medical Practice
Canonical code: P87648
Postcode: M7 4NX
Google Maps title: Reut Medical Practice
Google rating: 2.0
Google review count: 11
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Reut+Medical+Practice/@53.5069307,-2.2630148,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb02ec8c8aa0d:0xfbe9ee609f8f512c!8m2!3d53.5069275!4d-2.2604345!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F11f613rxpm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMxNy4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0
Review collection mode: full_feed
Review cards collected: 11
Owner replies collected: 3
Raw review responses captured: 2
Raw review capture file: /home/bobbigmac/projects/nhs-complaint-dec-2024/datasets/output/gtd-greater-manchester-gp-practice-reviews-2026-03-09/google-review-raw/P87648-reut-medical-practice.json

Captured reviews
================

Author: Aaron Cohen
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
I know there are wider problems with shortages but it's endangering patients how they operate here. And it's designed to simply comply with the burocratic waiting times set by gov. All at patients expense. One lady is very caring a good. But the younger receptionist is rude. At least in the past we had Dr. D there to think outside the box and work with you to get you healthy. Now it's just weak. I really miss Dr. D

Author: Elizabeth X
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
I am not a patient at REUT but it's in the same building as my medical practice. I had an appointment today in the section where REUT have their receptionist & I couldn't belive how rude & passive their staff are. I was told the ladies name was Praise & honestly I think its crazy how people like her can be hired for customer facing jobs nevermind a GP where there is vulnerable people attending. I approached the desk before & after my appointment and I was met with rudeness & passiveness. It costs nothing to be nice or informative in a place like that and she was none of the above. Praise please do better, treat people better & re evaluate why you work there.

Author: Eileene
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Eileene7 months ago

Author: Jayme - Education
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
Doctors are clueless here, no clue what they are doing and the receptionists aren’t very reliable.

Author: rose ross
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
I needed to speak to the doctor regarding a lump I had , I finally got a call back from the doctor, and I was asked to come in so they can check my lump which I was very happy about, but because it was on Friday just afew hours before shabbos I was very busy but I Knew that it was important so I went in! I signed in as soon as I got there and waited for 20 minutes before asking the receptionist how long roughly the wait was as I was the only one sitting there in the waiting room. All she did was ignore my question so I asked again and she said she can't tell me so I was left to wait while I was in a massive rush. It would have made it ALOT easier had the receptionist told me roughly how long I will need to wait. I ended up waiting another 20 minutes and saw that no one was calling me so I had to go. I decided that I was going to call the surgery again and speak to the doctor to tell her that I was in a big rush when I came in and had to leave and if we could reschedule the appointment. I was left waiting for very long before the receptionist finally answered my call and said that the doctor has finished for the day and that she can not transfer me over to her. I wondered how the doctor can finish afew hours before the practice closes but I never said anything and hung up! Around 15 minutes later the doctor tried calling me but unfortunately my phone was in silent so I never heard the calls.. I thought the receptionist told me she had finished for the day?? I have no complaints at the doctor they are directed at the receptionist who was very rude and made it extremely difficult for me and has left me now with no appointment and I am very unimpressed and unhappy!

Author: A D
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Extremely difficult to get and doctors refuse to prescribe medication requested by hospital because of cost. Avoid this surgery.
Practice response date: 3 years ago
Practice response:
Firstly very sorry if you are upset, but the difficulty getting appointments is part of a national staff shortage crisis within the entire NHS. Secondly, we GPs are 'gatekeepers' of NHS spending - a big responsibility, and strict guidelines are imposed on us regarding prescribing. Without specific details of this case I can't give a specific answer, but it is not uncommon for a hospital doctor to ask a GP to prescribe a drug that guidelines tell us nt to prescribe. Really this complaint is to the hospital doctor who should have prescribed the drug him/herself! Please could AD contact the practice manager with specific details, - we do have a formal complaints process - then we can look into this properly. Many thanks. Dr Davis

Author: M G
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Difficult to book appointments and I have been victim of fatphobia twice. I wouldn’t recommend.

Author: Awet Gerezghier
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Awet Gerezghier3 years ago

Author: Jayno Dubya
Date: 3 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Absolutely terrible! The doctors there have misdiagnosed me, neglected to send relevant referrals I need and when it comes to my repeat prescriptions they have always delayed it causing me so much pain and inconvenience. Wouldn’t trust them with a crash test dummy, let alone a real person! Avoid at all costs!
Practice response date: Edited 3 years ago
Practice response:
There is no such patient at this practice - Google need to delete this F A K E - R E V I E W ! Thank you. Dr Davis.

Author: glory home
Date: 4 years ago
Rating: 1 star
Did you think to sign up? I will summarize for you exactly what is going on there .. well to book an appointment with a doctor you will have to deal with the rules and he is so. 1 You will have to get up early and not too early because to book an appointment with a doctor you will have to call from 8:00 exactly until 8:01 minutes. You're a minute late and you'll have to wait until tomorrow. And so that they do not have too much difficulty then they will let you wait on the phone for 20 minutes to 45 minutes "no less and no more". And if you explain to them that you feel very bad or that your baby feels bad then they will tell you using politeness and in a calm and pleasant voice very sorry we can not help you .. Well the doctors are good and nice. The problem is the customer service and especially the head lady who is not willing to move from the chair and is not willing to help you with anything so I tried to ask for a request to sign a very important document which is maybe a minute job and no more at first I need to bring more documents The chair and said she should not sign it I explained to her that she should and she must sign the document so again she turned around in the chair and said she did not want to sign and when I asked again she angrily said she was ready to sign only it would take a few months I will sum it up so I and many others like me are very disappointed with the customer service
Practice response date: Edited 3 years ago
Practice response:
There is no such patient at this practice - Google need to delete this F A K E - R E V I E W ! Thank you. Dr Davis

Author: Mordche Zev Perlman
Date: 6 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Mordche Zev Perlman1 review6 years ago
