Practice: Ellenbrook Medical Centre
Canonical code: P87624
Postcode: M28 1PB
Google Maps title: Ellenbrook Medical Centre
Google rating: 2.7
Google review count: 52
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Ellenbrook+Medical+Centre/@53.5113216,-2.4145621,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487ba8f1ec053c53:0xf5651885243f43c4!8m2!3d53.5113216!4d-2.4145621!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1td6g0gm?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: Veronica Murzacov
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Calling for 3 months constantly to book an appointment and they never have slots. Once got an appointment and they cancelled it last minute. Very unprofessional

Author: Rebalance Holistic Caroline Dean
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I cannot single any member of this team out as that is exactly how they operate as a team of exceptional professionals, from the receptionist (I usually speak with Shelley) Shelley goes above and beyond to ensure that you receive the appropriate attention or help that you need whether it be an appointment, phonecall, message board or finding the information that you are asking for. The Doctors are amazing (even with all my questions) they are extremely patient and reassuring. The nurses of whom I have met two for bloods to be taken have always been so friendly and cheerful. Thank you team Ellenbrook Medical Centre, keep doing what you do!

Author: John Greene
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Disgusting practice the way they treat patients worst practice in the area

Author: Angela Cooper
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
The doctors and nurses are so nice in this practise , however the receptionists are very unprofessional. Like others have said, I feel you are a complete interuptance to them. No compassion at all on the phone , they speak to you on auto pilot and don't let you speak. A lot of patients here have the same observation therfore we can't all be wrong . Get another job or take accountability and learn to be a nicer person.

Author: Christine Shoreman
Date: a year ago
Rating: 1 star
I had to move here from my doctors in Liverpool and what a terrible experience. The receptionists are rude and can only say no appointments, they don’t let you speak and can’t really help you with anything. No appointments ever for routine or emergency’s. I’ve been on back medication for over 20years plus have regular back injections, I don’t take the medication often due to the injections working well. Now I need it whilst waiting for my next injections and guess what I can’t get a prescription without seeing one of the doctors here. Why so I can sit with you for 30secs to say the symptoms I have had for over 20 years and you can see I still get injections. So why do I need to see a doctor for something that has never changed and never will, anyway I can’t even get an appointment so now I have to wait in agony until my actual fabulous back doctor sees me again for injections. Just the worst surgery I have experienced in my lifetime, you have to get your appointment procedure sorted it’s soooo poor

Author: Sally Walker
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
Sally WalkerLocal Guide · 18 reviews · 2 photosa year ago

Author: Terry Jones
Date: a year ago
Rating: 5 stars
I recently visited the surgery, yes I had to wait a few weeks for a non-urgent matter, but the treatment I got was excellent. A slightly more concerning condition developed before my visit and Laura Whitelaw dealt with both in a thorough and comprehensive way. Good consideration around the non-urgent and a quick referral on the more potentially more serious matter The overall service was first class. Thank you 😊

Author: Dale Jenkinson
Date: Edited 2 years ago
Rating: 4 stars
Dr Whitelaw is without a doubt, the most kindest and genuine n respectful doc ive ever had the pleasure of speaking to. She takes the time to listen to your needs, n tries her best to reassure you. idk why there are so many bad reviews. Fair enough in the morning its murder trying to get through, and sometimes you don’t get an appointment on the same day, but at least they try, they’re so busy in the morning with hundreds of people trying to get through. So jus give them a chance, they all work hard n im proud to be a patient here!!

Author: Johan Sharp (TheRamblingsOfaMadman)
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 3 stars
Unfortunately being a patient of this surgery is more challenging than it should be. No availability to book routine appointments beyond 4 weeks apparently... However can book an urgent appointment with the next available almost 6 weeks away 🤔 seems a little odd! Prescription requests constantly missing medication despite it being written on the request in BOLD letters... Just ignored! The amount of medication I've stopped taking because I can't get the prescription. On occasion I have been stood in front of the receptionist in the surgery for almost 15 minutes with the phone ringing neither patient being seen to .... Eventually she answered the phone,15 minutes later I'm apparently 30 minutes late for my appointment and now have to wait another 5 weeks to rebook.. If you get past the awkward receptionist... ( the other one is dead nice btw) doctors are spot on .... There's obviously a breakdown in systems here as it's just not working, I shouldn't need 3 phone calls and 4 trips to the surgery to sort a repeat prescription.

Author: LDM Presents
Date: 2 years ago
Rating: 1 star
If you want to see or speak to a Doctor forget it unless you want to wait 4 weeks . Absolute joke this place.
