Practice: Park View Group Practice
Canonical code: P88018
Postcode: SK5 6ET
Google Maps title: Park View Group Practice
Google rating: 2.9
Google review count: 104
Google Maps URL: https://www.google.com/maps/place/Park+View+Group+Practice/@53.4457456,-2.1583867,17z/data=!4m8!3m7!1s0x487bb3f7ea6ebd6b:0xa251848ccc550498!8m2!3d53.4457456!4d-2.1583867!9m1!1b1!16s%2Fg%2F1tddrrjx?entry=ttu&g_ep=EgoyMDI2MDMwNS4wIKXMDSoASAFQAw%3D%3D
Title match score: 1.0

Recent visible reviews
====================

Author: John Williams
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
John WilliamsLocal Guide · 2 reviews3 months ago

Author: deborah alexander
Date: 3 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Very rude, don't read notes properly, nearly doubled dosed my mum, don't care about the elderly, staff don't need to know your business that is what a Dr is there for to diagnose you since when do receptionist diagnose people, didn't think they were trained like a Dr.

Author: Steven Gleave
Date: 4 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Good booking in for appointment. Friendly and helpful staff.

Author: Harry Pinches
Date: 5 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
The staff here are amazing. I have been for a variety of types of issue (mental/ physical etc) and always found them incredibly helpful, and kind! I have never had any major problems with waiting times either. Given the strain on our NHS I can’t praise this practice enough for how incredibly well they run the place

Author: Marley McCogg-Singh
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 3 stars
Don’t get me wrong, ALL (except 1 of them) or really good at medical care but the appointments are always LATE and running behind schedule, so we went to that doctor (the bad one) one day to get a checkup on my epistaxis and the other day to get my skin tags removed. So when we went to check my nose he said that nothing was wrong and all my vessels were fine, but compared to the HOSPITAL they said one of vessels was (80%) damaged. And getting my skin tags removed, no NOT REMOVED MORE LIKELY! But then I got a checkup with Dr Wyatt, she is the most sweetest doctor in the world. She listened to my needs and provided me with the medication that was in need and I was fine Ik no time. Just don’t come here for dr DADAH!!!!!

Author: ADAM SENIOR
Date: 6 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
Always a positive experience with Park view practice. The doctors and reception staff are very friendly and helpful. Thank-you for your help.

Author: KJ SYA
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 5 stars
I needed an emergency appointment and the staff was very nice and booked me in the same day appointment so happy with their services everyone was very helpful thank you the doctors and staff members ❤️

Author: Bradley Hall
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 2 stars
Medical staff have been nothing but wonderful but the practice is heavily let down by the reception staff. After more than a year of delays due to their incompetence and/or negligence I am still experiencing frustrating delays. I would rather they told me they didn't know rather than repeatedly telling me the wrong thing or giving me the wrong forms. They weren't helpful in anyway and even a bit condescending. Doctors 5 stars Reception staff 0 stars

Author: Cece Sinclair
Date: 7 months ago
Rating: 1 star
This place is let down by DR Dadah. Legitimately the worst Dr I've ever dealt with. I primarily attend the practice due to bad mental health. My usual GP Dr Proctor is excellent, but there have been times I've had to see a different GP. Every time I've seen Dr Dadah I always end up having a panic attack and am left feeling belittled. Today during an appointment I told him how he was making me feel and he proceeded to tell me I was projecting and it was my issue and I shouldn't be placing it on him. I then expressed that I then felt I was being gaslighted to which he said he didn't know what I was talking about and it must be "one of these new social media terms" and I should just speak English 😐 I then said I'd be making a complaint to which he replied to me" how do I complain about you?" I was genuinely gobsmacked, shaking, and spiralling into full panic. I said I didn't want the back and forth and I just wanted my prescription so I could leave. He continued to have a go at me. I expressed that I was done talking about the matter and I just wanted my prescription multiple times before he finally turned round and printed out the prescription. Then I com on here to see MANY similar complaints. Park view group practice YOU SHOULD DO BETTER. Do better to safeguard your vulnerable patients from DRs with zero empathy or decent social skills. And now I've seen a large number of the exact type of complaints about the same person on here, I'm extremely saddened that they continue to hire him as they must be aware of how he makes a large number of patients feel.

Author: Lisa Partington
Date: 8 months ago
Rating: 1 star
Really bad service! Dr dadah refused to repeat medication I need on an everyday basis. Terrible
