The next patients' group meeting is on the 6th of May at 5pm. We established that patients can arrive a little early (say 10 minutes) to discuss individual problems/experience, so the PPG can focus clearly on shared problems.

Whether you can attend or not, please write your review, good or bad, and I will continue to bring them to the new team.

From the PPG meeting on Feb 4th...

The practice is fully staffed for doctors (now at 6, and 6 admin) but doesn't have a practice manager as they're having trouble recruiting because they will also manage the Oldham practice.

I have been assured they're wiring up a better fallback after 2 missed calls (most likely you will receive a text that asks you to ring the practice, but I have asked that a bookable slot picker be added too).

The website is now 24hr accessible for admin/repeats, but still cannot be used out of office hours to request an appointment. The doctor has concerns about people using it for 'urgent' requests in the middle of the night (when no doctor is available to receive it), I've tried to make a case for it, but if out of hours appointment-requests is a blocker for you, please come to meetings and help me argue the case.

I have also reraised when tests come back all green, but you're still sick, the practice currently close your diagnosis process until you re-engage (which you may not be told you need to do), which I intend to reraise in future.

---

From the PPG meeting on November 26th...

2 new doctors are on board, and new staff are coming soon.
Complaints about reception seem to be improving, less reliance on agency staff.
The website will be switched to 24hr accessible.

New Bank is on Bookable, which is much easier to use and is currently accessible outside of office hours (unlike PATCHS), but doesn't work for existing registered patients, and only has a limited number of slots and is only for booking an appointment.

---

From the PPG meeting on 10th of September.
The practice is moving to a new digital system on 1st of October, which 'should' solve some of the current technical issues with arranging appointments. Management say there will be some onboarding help and open/group sessions for anybody who would like to attend, and dates/times of those will be on a notice-board in the reception (or from Lynne, the operations manager) once those dates are arranged (probably a couple of evenings/saturdays depending on demand).

We have also been assurred the quality of help from reception has been better in the last month and will continue to improve. There is still no new practice manager. They are recruiting for one in a difficult market, but they are adding new administrators (from October 6th, if I understood correctly) and _should_ soon be adding extra doctors too, with a less clear timescale (presumably notice-period related).

The patient load on doctors is within the normal NHS range, so do not put off making an appointment just because you think they're busy, they have capacity and are adding more, and most of the problems seem to be steadily improving.

---

After leaving a previous 1 star review with many negative points and being frustrated with being unable to arrange an appointment, I attended the newly set-up Patient Participation Group meeting (as a new management company took over in April) on 6th August. The discussion between the team and a few patients was constructive and the new management team seem to have an understanding of the problems after we explained in some detail. I also brought these reviews to their attention, and provided a breakdown of reviews to their management in the meeting.

If you're here because you've had a negative experience, either recently or before the take-over, we've been assured they're working on it and should be moving to a new system, as well as dealing with the problems caused by specific staff. Please contact management with feedback and come to the patient meeting if you have the time, be heard, the new team are (it seems) finally listening, and they actually have a mandate to fix problems atm.