Dear Bob,

Thank you for your email and please let me first apologise for the delayed response due to annual leave but i am pleased to see that this was picked up and acknowledged in my absence.  We are always supportive of requests for information about our services as we aim to be as transparent as possible with our patients who are key to ensuring we are providing services as effectively as possible.

 

I have copied and pasted your questions and provided responses below each of them in green for ease and to ensure that i don't miss anything and i am also planning on attending the PPG meeting this evening in case there are any further questions raised by patients which i will do my very best to answer.

 

1. Management Tenure

   – The dates (year and month, if available) when GTD Healthcare formally assumed responsibility for each of your GP practices (e.g. New Bank Health Centre transferred April 2025).

 

gtd healthcare has held a primary care portfolio for many years and has grown its portfolio via successful contract awards and approaches made by existing partnership practices over the years who were keen to work with the organisation to transition their practice.  Obviously throughout the decades there has been multiple contract awards and some losses and even some practices which were awarded, lost and then gained again via procurement processes so i am unable to detail exact dates and years for all of our services.  However during the recent procurement process by commissioners we retained Simpson Medical Practice, City Health Centre but lost Droylsden Road Family Practice on 1st April and in addition we secured the contract for Charlestown Medical Practice and obviously New Bank.  We have also recently transitioned one of our practices in Derbyshire to a local provider following collaboration over the last 12 months which happened in July this year.  In the future, 4 of our 12 practices are non time limited meaning that their contracts are never up for re-tender with the remaining 8 all on time limiting contracts which expire at different times at which point the commissioner may choose to extend or re-procure.

 

2. Continuity of Staff

   – At each practice handover, whether core administrative/reception staff remained in post, or if significant staffing changes were made at the time.

 

When a practice undergoes a change in provider, all transferring staff are fully safeguarded under the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment) Regulations (TUPE). Under TUPE, employees retain their existing contracts, terms, and benefits and the incoming provider is prohibited from rejecting eligible staff or imposing contract changes without proper consultation and agreement.
 
As part of this TUPE, a consultation process was completed by both the previous provider (Better Health Manchester) and the new provider (gtd healthcare). This is to ensure that the new provider is aware of all terms and conditions which legally must be protected following the transfer, and for the staff members to get an insight into who their new employer will be.
 
Both the incoming and outgoing provider do see significant risk during and up to the date of transition as staff can resign from the service altogether or may secure alternative employment within the existing provider up to midnight on the date of transfer, something which is typically hard to manage and can leave the service vulnerable. Particularly as the core service needs to remain open and accessible regardless which is always something we try to factor in with cross cover availability at short notice from our other services. 
 
This is one of the reasons why we do not make any changes to staffing clinical or operational after the transfer of a practice as the team needs time to settle following any changes outside of our control and also, we see the team as key to helping us develop any changes they feel the practice needs to improve the service.  On average, if at all, we do not propose or start discussions with staff around changes to staffing models until at least 6 months into the service being with us unless there is a significant risk.  In the case of New Bank specifically, staffing issues did occur with the practice transferring to us without any clinical or operational management structure which only became apparent within around 48 hours before the transfer date.  
 
We also became aware that there were some critical elements missing from the workload expected of the care coordination team which required significant investment in capacity and training which caused further complications.  However, we were able to mitigate this within 24 hours utilising cross cover from teams across the organisation including help with referral processing and on site experienced operational management which have been retained. 
 
Since then, I am pleased to say we have managed to recruit a replacement operations manager who started with us 2 weeks ago and are currently considering applications for an interim practice manager whilst we advertise for a permanent position following an unsuccessful campaign initially.  We were also able to bring in a replacement highly experienced medical lead, who I believe you have met who has replaced the previous medical lead from day 1 who decided to be retained with the outgoing provider.  We also have a new pharmacist and also a new nurse associate which has positively all taken place within the first 5 months which we feel is an achievement as typically recruitment for new staff with notice periods included can take on average 3 months.

 

3. Patient Feedback Handling

   – Whether GTD has an internal process for collecting and reviewing online patient feedback (e.g. Google reviews, NHS website feedback), and if/how this is used in practice improvement.

 

This would fall within the remit of the practice manager at the site along with support from our head of patient engagement and our head of corporate services.  Obviously with gaps in management since transition due to the issues mentioned above this has limited capacity to be able to do this but moving forward, reviews are monitored on a monthly basis to ensure responses and actions/learning identified.  Google reviews are a little tricky to respond to due to the access requirements and setup for google which we are only just managing to access at our other sites.  This method of feedback is only one element which we use to gauge feedback as we also take actions/feedback from PPG's, complaint themes and trends and family and friends.

 

4. Practice Performance Transparency

   – Whether GTD routinely shares patient satisfaction data (beyond CQC reports) with patients or the public, and if so where this can be accessed. 

   – I found your one-page flyer titled “You said, we did (May 19)” (link in footnotes). It appears to date from before 2022 at least (according to the PDF metadata), but it wasn’t explicitly dated, and I haven’t been able to find any more recent reports in this style. Could you confirm whether updated versions exist, and the timescale that content related to?

 

We would typically share the results of any internal patient surveys with PPGs, there is also the GP patient survey which is in the public domain.  We have also presented 'you said, we did' posters along the lines you have advised at the request of patients and this is something we can certainly look to do jointly with the PPG.  Newsletters have also been created previously which provides updates to patients on what's happening at the practice.  Again we would be keen to work with the PPG on what you feel would benefit patients regarding this.

 

5. Patient Access Standards

   – Does GTD have a standard policy or minimum expectation for patient access (e.g. typical wait time targets for routine or urgent appointments), and is this applied across all your GP practices?

 

We have recently embarked on a transition with all our practices with the exception of New Bank and Charlestown (due to limiting the amount of changes staff have to go through following transition) to incorporate the national mandate around improving access with the modern GP practice model where equitable access exists between the telephone, walk in and online consultation requests.  Our practices now all operate an online triage model where patients can submit their appointment request via the NHS app, website or via the telephone where a care coordinator will submit this on their behalf which is then triaged by a GP and a response provided to the patient within 48 hours of their request (if urgent, the response is provided that day).  Following the triage the GP will assign the patient an outcome whether that be self care advice, pharmacy, optician or a face to face or telephone appointment at the practice or a home visit based on a priority matrix of 1-4 depending on the clinical prioritisation of their presenting complaint.  A priority 1 would be immediate direction to hospital, a priority 2 would be an appointment within 48 hours, priority 3 would be an appointment within 2-7 days and priority 4 would be an appointment 7-14 days.  Whilst we haven't yet instigated this system change at New Bank, we are aware that a similar triage model exists and when the time comes to consider the change we would be looking to work with the PPG to understand how this could work best and consider any issues you may have and would obviously welcome your support around patient engagement communication to ensure any changes are smooth.

I hope the above information helps and as mentions hopefully i will see you this evening.

Thanks

 

Warren

 

Warren Tuite

 

Job title:  Head Of Primary Care

                        

Email: warrentuite@nhs.net
Mobile: 07818518968

Head Office: New Century House, Progress Way, Off Windmill Lane, Denton, Greater Manchester, M34 2GP

 

gtd HEALTHCARE | a positive difference, every time

gtdhealthcare.co.uk  |    gtdhealthcare

 

If you are receiving this email outside of your working hours, please note, you are not expected to respond.

 

This message may contain confidential information. If you are not the intended recipient, please inform the sender that you have received the message in error before deleting it. Please do not disclose, copy or distribute information in this e-mail or take any action in reliance on its contents; to do so is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.